hypebot digital music and the music business Home D.I.Y. Music Tech Social Media Music Biz More News MusicThinkTank Never Miss A Beat! Stay Connected With Hypebot.com « 6 Ways To Speed Up The Songwriting Process | Main | Apple Music Can't Catch Up To Spotify And That Spells Trouble for Apple's HomePod Smart Speaker » Reddit, Amazon Push For July 12 'Day Of Action' To Protest Killing Of Net Neutrality Although Google and Netflix have both abandoned their defense of net neutrality, other also major internet companies are planning to come together in a 'Day of Action' on July 12th to protest what would seem to be the inevitable dismantling of the popular consumer supporting legislation. ______________________ Guest post by Karl Bode of Techdirt So as we've been noting, a lot of people remain under the impression that companies like Google and Netflix still support net neutrality, and they'll be rushing in any moment now to help thwart the FCC's latest attempt to kill the rules. In reality, Techdirt readers know that Google hasn't actually supported net neutrality since around 2010 or so. Netflix, also perceived as a consumer ally on the subject, made it clear recently that it no longer sees the need to fight for net neutrality now that it's an international video powerhouse. The company's shift from disruption engines to slightly myopic legacy turf protectors should surprise nobody. MORE: Donald Trump Just Nominated A Strong Supporter Of Net Neutrality As FCC Commissioner That said, Google and Netflix's departure from the conversation left many net neutrality advocates wondering if any bigger companies would be willing to lend a hand in the latest chapter in the debate. Amazon managed to answer that question this week by throwing its weight behind a July 12 "Day of Action" being coordinated by consumer advocacy group Fight For the Future. According to the group's website, Amazon will join Reddit, Etsy, the ACLU, California ISP Sonic, Mozilla, Kickstarter, BitTorrent, Github and Vimeo for a day of protest -- both online and off -- against the FCC's plan to gut the popular consumer protections. The plan appears to be to mirror the Internet Slowdown Day back in 2014. You'll recall that that effort, which involved numerous major websites warning their visitors about the threat to net neutrality via site banners, helped convince Tom Wheeler to stop half-assing things, and classify ISPs as common carriers under Title II of the Communications Act (giving them the adequate legal authority to enforce the rules). His decision was subsequently supported by the courts. The problem, of course, is that Tom Wheeler was a bit of a rare bird in technology government policy circles. In that when presented with quality evidence that conflicted with his world view, he was actually willing to change his position and do the right thing -- even in the face of giant ISP lobbying pressure. It's part of the reason that Wheeler went from dingo to internet hero in relatively short order, breaking free of a long line of timid, bipartisan telecom industry sycophants heading the agency. There's zero indication so far that new FCC boss Ajit Pai has any of the qualities that made Wheeler popular. Still, the companies and consumer advocacy firms hope the effort can still generate something vaguely resembling SOPA-esque accountability for Pai's plan to ignore the public interest and kill the rules: "The effort is led by many of the grassroots organizations who have organized the largest online protests in history including the SOPA blackout and the Internet Slowdown," notes Fight the Future. "The day of action will focus on grassroots mobilization, with public interest groups activating their members and major web platforms providing their visitors with tools to contact Congress and the FCC." The FCC is fielding comments on its plans to kill net neutrality until August 18, ahead of a finalizing vote to kill the rules later this year. Posted by Guest Post on 06/14/2017 in More News, Music Business, Music Tech | Permalink Comments Reddit, Amazon Push For July 12 'Day Of Action' To Protest Killing Of Net Neutrality Although Google and Netflix have both abandoned their defense of net neutrality, other also major internet companies are planning to come together in a 'Day of Action' on July 12th to protest what would seem to be the inevitable dismantling of the popular consumer supporting legislation. View the entire comment thread. Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. TOP POSTS • EXCLUSIVE: Believe, TuneCore For Sale • YouTube Takes Down Manchester Benefit • What Breakthrough Artists Must Do In 2018 • How To Create A Music Wikipedia Page • One Love Raises $13M Categories Ad Supported Apps & Mobile Broadcast & Satellite Conventions & Awards D.I.Y. Downloads & P2P How I Listen Indie Labels Interviews Jobs & Internships Live & Touring Major Labels Marketing More News Music 2.0 Music Biz Podcast Music Business Music Tech Music Think Tank Publishing Retail Social Media Startups Streaming & Cloud The Pitch Video See More Recent Posts Do You Really Need A Publicist, Or Just A Little Research? YouTube For Musicians: How Is The Money Made? Streaming Revenue Could Surpass Live Income For Many Artists, says Mark Mulligan 11 Most Expensive Albums Ever Produced Major Label Issues Yet Another Bogus YouTube Takedown Vet Tix Distributes 3 Millionth Event Ticket to Military Community With Help From Live Nation Spotify Revenue Up 54% In 2016, As Yearly Losses Grow A Staggering 133% To $600 Million What Unsigned Bands Can Learn From Disney Spotify Passes 140M Total Users, About 2X Apple Music's Paid Subscribers Sam Selolwane Promoted To SVP Urban Promotion At RCA Musician & Music Industry Resources Click Here SEARCH HYPEBOT Recent Comments David Deal on Spotify Revenue Up 54% In 2016, As Yearly Losses Grow A Staggering 133% To $600 Million Must see Senior Housing Seattle website on 6 Ways To Speed Up The Songwriting Process Evelyn Wangari on Death Of The MP3 Has Been Greatly Exaggerated best essay writing service on Thinking Like A DJ Can Make Studio Mixes Better Jeff Price on Weekly Music Publishing Update: Inside The Ferrick, Lowery Pastorius Spotify Lawsuit Francis on YouTube Takes Down Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester Benefit Concert On Copyright Grounds Austin Cooper on Spotify Launches Secret Genius To Celebrate Songwriters, Producers Evelyn Wangari on Music Is Almost As Important As Coffee For Monday Morning Motivation, Says New Survey mike on DistroKid Adds Vault: Free, Unlimited Audio File Backups For Musicians Shoaib Raza on Music SEO: Know Your Search Engine Result Pages More Info About & Contact Advertise On Hypebot Privacy Policy Skyline Music Affiliate Links The Hypebot Team    &nbspVIDEOS      These videos... hypebot Powered by Typepad
Search Latest Sport Lifestyle Politics Opinion Features Business Multimedia Traffic 20°C Number of schools damaged in Cape storm now at 172 Local [WATCH] Explosion hits kindergarten in China World NUM to oppose naturalisation aspect of new Mining Charter Local DA: No need for motion of no confidence in Zille Local Ramaphosa: Youth have role to play to ensure future generations are Aids free Local Parties involved in Sassa debacle to head back to ConCourt in two weeks Local SAHRC: Resources under strain in dealing with abuse cases Local Popular Topics KNYSNA FIRE Gupta family African National Congress State Capture View all in Latest Springboks face tougher second Test against French Sport Sprinter Schippers wins, disqualified and then reinstated Sport India cruise past Bangladesh to set up final with Pakistan Sport Fowler on target as US Open big guns fail to fire Sport Bok coach Coetzee makes solitary change in favour of continuity Sport [WATCH] Course unknown at the 2017 US Open Sport Dustin Johnson poised to defend US Open title Sport Popular Topics ICC Champions Trophy French Open Allister Coetzee France rugby team View all in Sport Trevor Noah opens Donald Trump’s Presidential Twitter Library Lifestyle Jamie Foxx vows to 'go crazy' for 50th birthday Lifestyle Rita Ora helps Grenfell Tower neighbourhood after inferno World [WATCH] Hollywood Minute: Play 'Dodgeball' with Ben Stiller World Bob Dylan accused of plagiarising parts of Nobel lecture Lifestyle LOTTO RESULTS: Wednesday 14 June 2017 Lifestyle Gwyneth Paltrow uncertain about her movie career Lifestyle Mariah Carey says co-parenting is 'not that hard' Lifestyle Soul City Institute: More funding, programmes needed for HIV prevention Local Adele takes vow of silence before tour finale Lifestyle View all in Lifestyle DA: No need for motion of no confidence in Zille Local Political leaders: SA youth need economic freedom Local DA calls on Mkhwebane to widen probe into Gupta emails Local Mduduzi Manana : Youth development a priority Politics Bill for whistle blowers shelved after DA MPs walk out Local DA: New mining charter will dry up investment, jobs in industry Local Magashule holds no grudges despite Mbalula tweets that he might destroy ANC Local Popular Topics African National Congress Democratic Alliance Helen Zille Helen Zille colonialism tweets View all in Politics [FACT CHECK] Are fewer than 6,000 babies born with HIV every year in SA? Local [ANALYSIS] Being Malusi Gigaba Opinion [OPINION] Is self-love the key to ending Africa’s skin bleaching syndrome? Opinion [OPINION] SA will need a government of national healing after Zuma leaves Local [ANALYSIS] Ethical journalism: what to do - and not to do - with leaked emails Opinion [OPINION] Theresa May is right to stay. For now World [OPINION] The battle for control of SA’s state isn’t just about personalities Opinion Popular Topics President Jacob Zuma The Conversation Jacob Zuma State Capture View all in Opinion [FEATURE] Trial by Fire [TIMELINE] Helen Zille: In the cross hairs Local [TIMELINE] How the Guptas got Optimum Local [MAP] 2017: SA's Winter of Delivery Discontent Local The 2017 World Economic Forum on Africa [LIVE BLOG] National Day of Action: Hamba Zuma, hamba! Local Rules on removing a president in South Africa Local [BLOG] A day of anti-Zuma protests draws to close Local [LIVE BLOG] Budget Speech 2017 Local [LIVE BLOG] State of the Nation Address 2017 Local View all in Features NUM to oppose naturalisation aspect of new Mining Charter Local Gigaba: Tough economic climate will see govt cut spending Local NUM happy with some policies in new Mining Charter Local South Africa's resources stocks weaken after release of mining charter Local Govt to pay particular attention to Eskom, SAA, says Gigaba Local Eskom leaves Molefe’s dismissal case to Minister Brown Local Chamber of Mines, Minister Zwane on different pages over mining charter Local Popular Topics Eskom State Capture Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba Gupta family View all in Business Video [WATCH] Explosion hits kindergarten in China [WATCH] 'Batman' actor Adam West dies at age 88 [WATCH] Remembering 16 June 1976 Audio [LISTEN] There is a lot of human trafficking taking place in SA [LISTEN] Fica bill a step closer to coming into effect [LISTEN] Cronin challenges govt leaders to reflect on contribution to SA crisis Infographics How the London fire happened Diplomatic crisis in the Gulf Inside the Bill Cosby sexual assault trial Cartoons [CARTOON] 3 Wishes for Youth Day [CARTOON] Silencing the Blunderbuss [CARTOON] A Tribute To Our Firefighting Heroes View all in Multimedia View all in Traffic Johannesburg Cape Town Pretoria Vereeniging Durban Plettenberg Bay Paarl Strand Rustenburg Bloemfontein Nelspruit George 20°C / 22°C Fri 19°C 7°C Sat 19°C 5°C Sun 18°C 6°C Mon 16°C 6°C Tue 19°C 6°C Wed 19°C 8°C Fri 19°C 6°C Sat 16°C 9°C Sun 16°C 8°C Mon 16°C 7°C Tue 15°C 6°C Wed 15°C 6°C Fri 21°C 9°C Sat 20°C 6°C Sun 20°C 7°C Mon 18°C 8°C Tue 21°C 6°C Wed 21°C 7°C Fri 21°C 6°C Sat 21°C 7°C Sun 20°C 6°C Mon 19°C 7°C Tue 20°C 6°C Wed 21°C 5°C Fri 20°C 15°C Sat 23°C 13°C Sun 19°C 16°C Mon 22°C 15°C Tue 21°C 14°C Wed 21°C 14°C Fri 18°C 9°C Sat 19°C 10°C Sun 16°C 8°C Mon 24°C 11°C Tue 15°C 9°C Wed 16°C 9°C Fri 20°C 5°C Sat 14°C 4°C Sun 16°C 2°C Mon 15°C 7°C Tue 14°C 4°C Wed 14°C 6°C Fri 18°C 9°C Sat 14°C 9°C Sun 15°C 7°C Mon 14°C 11°C Tue 14°C 8°C Wed 14°C 8°C Fri 23°C 10°C Sat 20°C 9°C Sun 22°C 8°C Mon 19°C 8°C Tue 21°C 5°C Wed 22°C 7°C Fri 19°C 1°C Sat 21°C 4°C Sun 20°C 3°C Mon 20°C 8°C Tue 20°C 7°C Wed 20°C 6°C Fri 18°C 9°C Sat 24°C 6°C Sun 16°C 9°C Mon 20°C 7°C Tue 23°C 6°C Wed 21°C 8°C Fri 18°C 7°C Sat 16°C 7°C Sun 16°C 6°C Mon 22°C 12°C Tue 13°C 8°C Wed 16°C 8°C Go How to make money on YouTube The Money Show’s Bruce Whitfield asks Google South Africa’s Luke Mckend how to make money on YouTube. biltongjpg Google YouTube Luke McKend Email Print Tweet Share Kabous Le Roux | 3 days ago "It’s possible [to live off YouTube earnings]." said by 'Luke Mckend, Google South Africa' Former PayPal employees Chad Hurley, Steve Chen and Jawed Karim created YouTube in February 2005. In November 2006 Google bought it for US$1.65 billion. Individuals upload most of YouTube’s content. The site earns revenue from Google AdSense, a program which targets ads according to site content and audience. The vast majority of its videos are free to view, but there are exceptions. Users upload more than 400 hours of content to YouTube each minute. They watch a billion hours of content every day. Alexa Internet ranks YouTube as the second most popular website in the world. The Money Show’s Bruce Whitfield interviewed Google South Africa’s Luke Mckend for his weekly "The Science Of" feature. Mckend discussed the famed video-sharing website, it's "stars" and how they make money. Listen to the interview in the audio below (and/or scroll down for more quotes from it). "YouTube makes a lot of money." said by 'Luke Mckend, Google South Africa' "You can make money from every single time somebody views your content." said by 'Luke Mckend, Google South Africa' "You have quite a lot of control as a content creator." said by 'Luke Mckend, Google South Africa' "Each ad earns a relatively small amount of money." said by 'Luke Mckend, Google South Africa' "The guys who were super successful reached an international audience." said by 'Luke Mckend, Google South Africa' "You get $1000 (R12 800) per million views." said by 'Luke Mckend, Google South Africa' "We only charge the advertiser after someone watched 30 seconds of an ad." said by 'Luke Mckend, Google South Africa' "Every single new user we get is, by definition, a mobile user." said by 'Luke Mckend, Google South Africa' Watch this video (because SuzelleDIY are needing a new rokkie): Click here (then“like” the page) to follow Bruce on Facebook. Enter your email address in the form below to receive a newsletter containing the most-read articles of the week from Bruce Whitfield’s The Money Show every Friday morning in your inbox. Subscribe to our Business Wrap Newsletter Timeline Here's what Google may launch later this year 16 days ago Why your art degree could equal job security in the AI age 16 days ago Google’s AlphaGo beats Chinese master again to clinch series win 21 days ago Facebook ropes in top creators for upcoming video service 22 days ago More in Business NUM to oppose naturalisation aspect of new Mining Charter 13 minutes ago Gigaba: Tough economic climate will see govt cut spending one hour ago NUM happy with some policies in new Mining Charter 2 hours ago South Africa's resources stocks weaken after release of mining charter 13 hours ago Govt to pay particular attention to Eskom, SAA, says Gigaba 13 hours ago Eskom leaves Molefe’s dismissal case to Minister Brown 14 hours ago Comments EWN welcomes all comments that are constructive, contribute to discussions in a meaningful manner and take stories forward. However, we will NOT condone the following: - Racism (including offensive comments based on ethnicity and nationality) - Sexism - Homophobia - Religious intolerance - Cyber bullying - Hate speech - Derogatory language - Comments inciting violence. We ask that your comments remain relevant to the articles they appear on and do not include general banter or conversation as this dilutes the effectiveness of the comments section. We strive to make the EWN community a safe and welcoming space for all. EWN reserves the right to: 1) remove any comments that do not follow the above guidelines; and, 2) ban users who repeatedly infringe the rules. Should you find any comments upsetting or offensive you can also flag them and we will assess it against our guidelines. EWN is constantly reviewing its comments policy in order to create an environment conducive to constructive conversations. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus On Air Latest bulletin GAUTENG CAPE TOWN KFM Latest traffic report CAPE TOWN GAUTENG KFM People also read Gauteng taxi strike called off JHB taxi drivers block N1, N12, Golden Highway in protest over vehicle payments Why your art degree could equal job security in the AI age Santaco: Joburg taxi strike is legal Let the news come to you. Subscribe to our daily newsletter. Eyewitness News Local World Politics Sport Business Lifestyle Opinion Features Video Audio iWitness EWN Apps Breaking News Alerts Traffic EWN.Mobi Newsletter Signups RSS Feeds EWN Whatsapp Alerts Contact Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Comments Policy COPYRIGHT 2015 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | Terms & Conditions | Privacy | PAIA Choose an EWN Twitter account Follow @ewnreporter Follow @ewnupdates Follow @ewnsport Follow @ewntraffic Choose an EWN app iOS Android
Sign In / Sign Up Sign In Sign Up New User Show navigation Hide navigation Home Jobswitch Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Blogs Planning Room Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Showcase Media Television Print Out of Home Digital Below The Line Radio Media Briefs Directories Case Studies Latest Advertising Marketing Media Digital Events Online Videos Sehwag bats for Ola Share Urges for traffic decongestion of metros. Volkswagen Tiguan Think Adventure. Think New. Ikea packs a bagful of tricks Horlicks Hunger to do more Google open to partnering with industry bodies to take SMBs online By Avishek Rakshit , Business Standard, Kolkata | In Digital | June 14, 2017 10 million out of 51 million small and medium businesses have presence on Google Search. Google India is aiming to bring all of the country's small and medium businesses (SMBs) online and is on a lookout for partners among industry bodies. Earlier, it had come up with the My Business tool for SMBs which makes it possible for these companies to have a digital presence. "If there are (industry) bodies which can help us accelerate the process and give us scale, we are open to partnering with them. Our eventual aim is to bring in all the SMBs in the country online", Shalini Girish, director, India at Google Marketing Solutions said. The company has recently tied up with FICCI and Indian School of Business to create the Digital Unlocked initiative which helps startups and SMBs by providing essential digital skills, create an online presence, launch and execute cost-effective targeted digital marketing campaigns besides others. "In the next three years, we plan to conduct 50,000 classroom training programmes for the SMBs and SMEs so that they get to know the benefits of an online presence and may take it forward", she said. So far, 13,000 certifications for the training programme. Girish said India has around 51 million SMBs of which a total 10 million have a presence in Google Search and Google Maps. Further, Google India has also come up with a mobile app - Primer - which allows users to learn digital marketing skills in an easy and interactive way. In a recent joint study conducted by Google India and KPMG, it was noticed that out of the total SMBs in the country, around 68 per cent don't have any online presence while the digitally engaged SMBs grow twice as fast as compared to the offline SMBs. According to the report, SMBs with an online presence has been able to grow their customer base more efficiently than the ones with an offline presence. Fifty-two per cent of the small businesses with an online presence has been able to expand to markets other than their base cities while it is 29 per cent for the ones with no digital presence. Asked about how the forthcoming GST (Goods and Services Tax) regime is affecting the SMBs, she said, "They want to understand the impact of GST on their business. We have been getting query from the SMBs on this which we are quite capable to address". In January this year, the California based company's Indian division piloted the My Business tool with a base of 1,20,000 SMBs and finally launched it this month. The tool offers the SMBs manage how customers view their business. © 2017 Business Standard     Stay Updated with Us Top 10 Stories Last Week Last Month Last Year Kumkum Bhagya: Life after topping BARC's chartsMedia Publishing This is probably Bata's most glossy ad yetAdvertising A men's grooming ad with no vanity shots? Marico's...Advertising The 10 Most Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in May 2...Digital Why are these stand-up comics mocking the great In...Digital "E-comm brands need a mix of thematic and practica...Advertising Dentsu Media is now dentsu XAdvertising afaqs! Creative Showcase: When Pizza Hut attacked ...Advertising Amagi Media Labs Appoints Amol Dighe as Business H...Media IBD India bags creative mandate of KC MilkAdvertising Meet Padma Bhushan awardees turned Vodafone actors...Advertising 'Give credit where it's due' says Google, as it la...Digital Star moves on from 'Mauka Mauka' to 'Sabse Bada Mo...Media Publishing Foxglove Awards 2017: Night out for BBH India and ...Advertising The 10 Most Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in May 2...Digital NIVEA India appoints Neil George as managing direc...Marketing How many shoes will you buy online?Digital Kumkum Bhagya: Life after topping BARC's chartsMedia Publishing This is probably Bata's most glossy ad yetAdvertising "The charges are laughable:" Arnab Goswami on BCCL...Media Publishing Meet Padma Bhushan awardees turned Vodafone actors...Advertising How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor...Marketing "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos...Advertising Voot to stream Bigg Boss Season 10's 'Unseen Undek...Media Publishing Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it?Advertising Bajaj V: A piece of INS Vikrant in your bikeAdvertising Performics.Resultrix makes three new senior appoin...Marketing afaqs! Throwback: Meet 'The Airtel Girl': Rakul Pr...Advertising The Story Behind Paytm's Marketing...Digital The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in May 2...Digital 5 / 10❬❭ Case Studies How to Use Social Media to Influence the World Digital Source : Sean Si View All Current Issue June 1-15 2017 Sr. Visualiser (Graphics /Print) Jun 12, 2017 Visualizer Jun 12, 2017 Client Servicing Manager / Client Servicing Executive / Junior Art Director / Art Director / Senior Visualizer / Manager Business Development / Artwork / Graphic Developer. Jun 08, 2017 Client Servicing Executive May 23, 2017 View all jobs ❭ Home About us Advertise Register Contact us Sitemap Service Agreement Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Advertising Creative Showcase News Interviews Account Movements Media Latest News Television Print OOH Digital BTL Radio Media Briefs Interviews JobSwitch All Vacancies Top Employer Charter Members Post Resume Events Foxglove Awards 2017 afaqs! India's Buzziest Brands 2017 vdonxt asia Digies 2016 afaqs! Foxglove Awards 2016 Brand Owners' Summit afaqs! Buzziest Brands 2016 Unmetro, Delhi-2015 Brand Owner's Summit Healthcare Brand Summit Mobile.Nxt Follow us on: Get afaqs! in Your Inbox Copyright © 2017 afaqs!. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.
Home Contact Us About Us Advertise     Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Top Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Search Canadian Reviewer     Featured Sponsors -------------------------- DHgate.com  Featured Stories Apple iPad Pro 10.5 BlackBerry KEYone Motorola Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum 2017 Ford Flex Limited 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Fitbit Charge 2 2016 Mazda MX-5 2017 GMC Acadia Denali MacBook Pro (late 2016) Google Pixel XL Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 2017 Canadianreviewer.com REVIEWS Apple iPad Pro 10.5-inch BlackBerry KEYone Philips Hue Smart Lighting System insta360 nano 360 camera for iPhone 2017 Cadillac CT6 Luxury UAG Rugged Case for Surface Book Motorola Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum Linksys VELOP Whole Home Mesh Network Fitbit Alta HR 2016 Range Rover 2016 Ford Flex Limited Timex IQ+ Move fitness tracking watch 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2016 Mazda MX-5 Sennheiser PXC-550 Bluetooth headphones 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class 4MATIC Sedan Sudio Regent Bluetooth headphones Samsung Gear S3 Frontier VisionTek SoundTube PRO Bluetooth speaker Fitbit Charge 2 2017 GMC Acadia Denali Apple AirPods Apple MacBook Pro (Late 2016) 808 Game of Thrones Season Six Blu-Ray Michelin Premier all-season tires Tom Tom Spark 3 Cardio + Google Daydream View VR headset ASUS ZenBook 3 Jaybird X3 JBL SoundBoost Speaker Moto Mod Moto Insta-Share Projector for Moto Z Google Pixel XL Apalon's My Alarm Clock app Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2 and watchOS 3 iOS 10 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Dyson V8 Absolute Cordless vacuum Tablo by Nuvyyo Samsung Gear Fit 2 fitness wearable Ulysses for macOS and iOS Epson SureColor P600 Wide Format inkjet printer HBO's Vinyl Season 1 Apple MacBook (2016) Papago! GoSafe 268 mirror mounted dash-cam Piper all-in-one security JayBird Freedom headphones SF MoMA app Fitbit Blaze fitness tracker UA HealthBox Dyson Pure Cool Link Lola by Blue HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Dell XPS 12 with 4K Ultra HD display « E3 2017 - Sony unveils new Spider-Man game slated for 2018 | Main | ‘Beyond Good & Evil 2’ finally gets first trailer at E3 2017 » Monday Jun122017 Google Pixel XL might get a size upgrade Monday, June 12, 2017 at 11:49PM Google Pixel XL review Looks like Google wants to make a Pixel XXL, at least according to the latest rumours. It’s being reported that Google is shelving one of its upcoming Pixel smartphones in favour of releasing a bigger version of Google’s flagship device. A gadget codenamed Muskie was supposed to be the follow-up to the Pixel XL but Google is supposedly opting to release a device codenamed Taimen. It’ll supposedly have a larger screen and chassis compared to the Muskie. Walleye, which is said to be the second-generation Pixel device, will reportedly still be debuted. In case you didn’t know, Google has a thing for naming its upcoming smartphone and tablet releases as a water-dwelling creature. Keen-eyed reporters and Android followers have spotted these monikers on Android Open Source Project’s code repository. Source: Android Central Nicole Batac | Post a Comment | Share Article Print Article Permalink tagged Google Pixel XL, rumours, smartphone rumours Email Article in Google, Leaks, Mobile, News Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor. Copyright 2008-2017 @ The Canadian Reviewer and Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla
MENU Subscribe Newsletters Events Webinars Papers Magazine Jobs Storycards Advertise Awards Programs About Govtech.com Center for Digital Government Center for Digital Education Digital Communities Future Structure Public CIO Social Innovation Nation Magazine / Subscribe / Newsletters / News / Events / Webinars / Papers / Advertise / Jobs / Storycards / About / More Close TECHNOLOGY Applications Computing Platforms Data Gear Network Security Social Web JURISDICTION State Local Federal Education DOMAINS/ PRACTICE AREAS Budget and Finance Health and Human Services Justice and Public Safety Transportation Education Aurora, Ill., Mayor Creates City Innovation Team Congress Releases Guidelines in Effort to Regulate Autonomous Vehicles New York City Mayor Unveils Bold Jobs, Innovation Plan What's New in Civic Tech: Amazon Announces ‘City on a Cloud' Innovation Challenge Winners Building Out Electric Vehicle Infrastructure: Where Are the Best Locations for Charging Stations? OpenGov Integrates Software with Superion, Gaining Customer Pipeline in the Process Close EDITORIAL Masthead Submit News COLUMNS Lohrmann DIGITAL MEDIA Newsletters Videos Photos RESOURCES Public Sector Jobs OUR NETWORK Emergency Management Public CIO Governing FutureStructure Center for Digital Government Center for Digital Education COMMUNITIES GovTech Exchange Digital Communities PROGRAMS Surveys and Awards INDUSTRY Industry Insider Navigator Media Kits Labs COMPANY About Us Contact Us Press Privacy Jobs © 2017 All rights reserved. e.Republic | Privacy & Terms | Contact Us | Facebook | Twitter | Industry Insider | Labs | Advertise Government Technology: State & Local Government News Articles Google Street View Cars Become Methane Gas Sniffers, Helping Governments Map the Issue Plus, “Shazam for mosquitoes” could be invaluable in the fight against life-threatening diseases and how one university powered buildings with mayo. by Elaine Pittman / June 2017 Colorado State University Mapping Gas Leaks A collaboration between environmentalists, scientists and Google is working to locate methane leaks and gauge their severity. Colorado State University researchers outfitted Google Street View cars with laser-based sensors that essentially turn the vehicles into methane gas sniffers. Funded by the Environmental Defense Fund, the cars have hit the streets of Boston, Chicago and Los Angeles, mapping gas leaks as they traverse the cities. And last year, the cars mapped hundreds of miles of pipeline in New Jersey, helping the state’s largest utility devise a data-driven replacement plan that officials say will reduce overall methane emissions by 83 percent. Source: Seeker.com 1,250 gallons When 500 2.5-gallon containers of mayonnaise were compromised by freezing temperatures, staff at Michigan State University added the sandwich staple to the school’s anaerobic digester, which provides power to on-campus buildings. The condiment proved to be a good addition to the system, which thrives on foods high in sugars and fats. Source: Treehugger.com Beyond the Buzz The annoying buzz of a mosquito’s wings can reveal much more than alerting you that one happens to be flying nearby. Each of the 3,500 species of the insect has a distinctive pitch to its hum — and it’s possible for the insects to be classified from a cellphone recording of that noise. Traditionally traps are set in areas that are the most prone to mosquito-borne diseases and then they’re identified under a microscope. A low-cost, easy-to-use method for surveillance through a mobile-phone based system could lead to a global tracking solution that identifies the location of a malaria-carrying mosquito versus a Zika-carrying one. Called a “Shazam for mosquitoes” by The Atlantic, the tool could be invaluable in the fight against these life-threatening diseases. Source: TheAtlantic.com $500 The price a Russian hacker charged to send 1 million scam and phishing attack emails through the Kelihos network, which at times included more than 100,000 infected computers. U.S. authorities took down the botnet after hacker Peter Levashov was arrested April 14 in Spain. The network was made up of private computers operating on Windows that were infected with malware, giving Levashov the ability to control them remotely. He sold the network’s services to people who used it to send spam emails advertising fraud schemes like work-at-home scams, as well as stock market manipulation schemes. Levashov has been called “one of the longest operating criminal spam-lords on the Internet.” Source: Phys.org See more features from the June 2017 issue. Elaine Pittman  |  Former Managing Editor Elaine Pittman worked for Government Technology from 2008 to 2017. AS SEEN IN June 17 ISSUE Filter By Topic All ALL TECHNOLOGY Applications Computing Platforms Web & Social Network Data Security Gear JURISDICTION State Local Federal Education DOMAINS/ PRACTICE AREAS Budget and Finance Health and Human Services Justice and Public Safety Transportation Education    Videos      Photos Load More
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Google's Pixel Phone Apparently Hits 1 Million Units Pixel sales are shy of estimates, but that's OK. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Jun 13, 2017 at 6:20PM Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google launched its Pixel phone last October, the first phone that it fully designed from the ground up. There had been some analyst estimates that Google could grow the Pixel into a $4 billion business this year, if it sold somewhere in the neighborhood of 5 million to 6 million units. Early demand indications appeared strong, but Google doesn't disclose how the Pixel is performing officially, aggregating its financial results in its catch-all "other revenues" segment ($3.1 billion last quarter). Still, there's now a clue as to how Pixel has been doing, as well as some other signs of where Google may take its smartphone strategy. Image source: Google. Hitting 1 million unit sales Ars Technica has noticed that the Pixel Launcher, a home screen app that's exclusive to the Pixel and installed by default, just hit 1 million installations. Google Play displays large ranges of installation numbers, but the app in question just crossed the threshold into "1,000,000-5,000,000" territory. That data point is a strong indication that unit sales have just hit 1 million, which suggests that Google has generated somewhere between $650 million and $870 million in Pixel revenue (retail pricing ranges from $650 to $870 based on display size and storage capacity) thus far over the past eight months. That's a respectable showing, even if Google remains a small player in the smartphone market; there were nearly 350 million smartphones shipped worldwide in the first quarter, according to IDC. It's safe to say that Google will fall short of some of the bullish analyst estimates for Pixel. Pixel isn't intended to be a profit center While $650 million to $870 million is nothing to sneeze at in absolute terms, it's a fairly small blip on the radar in the context of Google's results, and even smaller for Alphabet's. It's hard enough for most smartphone manufacturers to turn an operating profit, and it will be even harder for Google since it's not scaling unit volumes very much (which would spread out some of the costs across a greater number of units). But here's the thing: Google doesn't care if Pixel makes money. In contrast to smartphone manufacturers, Google doesn't really need Pixel to be a profit center, as hardware is a side business for the search giant that provides strategic value in other ways. As long as Pixel can approach breakeven (not that investors would ever know), then that's just fine. Pixel is the spiritual successor to the Nexus program, where Google's main goal was to push the platform forward by showcasing the best of Android, implemented as a competitive nudge toward Android hardware partners -- leading by example, as it were. To wit, here's Google CEO Sundar Pichai on the January conference call responding to an analyst question about Pixel's opportunity in the marketplace (emphasis added): Look, I mean, we are in early days. I think it's really important when you work on a platform, you have to drive it forward. So we have always done by putting out the state-of-the-art. And I think it especially gets important in the vision we have for computing, where users are going to use it across many different contexts. And so, to do that end-to-end experience, it spans devices.  This is why I think bullish analyst estimates for Pixel are a little misplaced. It's not so much that Google would be incapable of growing a smartphone business -- it's that it probably has little interest in doing so. Third-party Android OEMs will always do the heavy lifting in terms of unit volumes, and Google wouldn't want its nudge to escalate into full-blown competition. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Evan Niu, CFA has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares) and Alphabet (C shares). The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Jun 13, 2017 at 6:20PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $960.18 down $-7.75 (-0.80%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $942.31 down $-8.45 (-0.89%) Read More Here's What's Really Holding Virtual Reality Back NXP Semiconductors NV Pledges Full Support For Google's "Android Things" Platform 3 Growth Stocks That Could Soar More Than Intuitive Surgical Analysts Are Expecting Self-Driving Cars to Be Huge for Alphabet, Inc. Here's Why They're Right Alphabet Rides Advertising Strength to New Highs Prev 1 2 3 4 Next Compare Brokers Motley Fool push notifications are finally here Allow push notifications to help you stay on top of... Breaking investing news Earnings coverage Market movers Special offers and more Subscribe to notifications You can unsubscribe at any time. Current Google's Pixel Phone Apparently Hits 1 Million Units @themotleyfool #stocks $GOOGL, $GOOG
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google has only sold about one million Pixel devices, according to Pixel Launcher download figures from the Play Store Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/06/13 1:07pm PDTJun 13, 2017 87 Plus 1 on G+ 179 Share on Facebook 35 Share on Twitter Total Shares301 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Of all the smartphones and tablets that Google has released in recent years, those from the Pixel line have likely sold the most. I've personally seen more "regular people" using Pixel phones than any Nexus devices, and that can be attributed in large part to Verizon officially carrying the Pixel and Pixel XL. However, since Google never releases sales figures for its mobile devices, it's been difficult to tell precisely how many Pixels have been sold - until now. Our old friend Ron over at Ars Technica first noted this after noticing that the Pixel Launcher had just crossed the one million download threshold. Now, we couldn't make this connection with, say, the Google Now Launcher and Nexus devices since the GNL was only exclusive to the Nexus 5 for a little while, but the main version of the Pixel Launcher can still only be downloaded on two devices via the Play Store: the Pixel and the Pixel XL (the Pixel C gets its own, separate APK). Yes, there are nearly 1.4 million Pixel Launcher downloads on APK Mirror, but those obviously don't count towards Play Store numbers, and we highly doubt that Pixel users are going to APKM to download something they can easily get from the Play Store. So, does this mean that there have been one million Pixels sold? Nope, the actual figure is less. The Play Store counts installs by the "(t)otal number of unique users who have ever installed this app on one or more of their devices. Only one install is counted per user, regardless of how many different devices they installed it on. Includes users who uninstalled the app later." Here are a few scenarios that would cause that one million figure to get inflated: Devices being resold and signed into by other accounts (this is probably the most common situation). Developers using multiple accounts to test their apps out (more common that you might think). Custom ROMs like LineageOS for other devices allowing non-Pixel devices to trick the Play Store. Modders tweaking their build.props to get the Play Store to recognize their device as a Pixel (similar to above). Other scenarios such as installing new custom ROMs and having multiple accounts on one device wouldn't actually count since the Play Store only records one install per Google account, no matter how many times it's installed on however many devices, so the one million number probably isn't all that far off; however, it is literally impossible that there are more Pixel devices that have been sold than however many Pixel Launcher installs off the Play Store there are. In roughly eight months, Google has sold less than one million Pixel phones. For comparison, Samsung reportedly sold five million Galaxy S8s in the first month, and Apple sold 50.8 million iPhone 7s in the last quarter. One million in eight months is nothing in comparison to those numbers. So while the Pixel is probably Google's best-selling phone yet, the company still has a ways to go before truly competing with the major players in the segment. Download QR-Code Pixel Launcher Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Via: Ars Technica Tags downloads Google pixel pixel launcher pixel xl play store Sales subscribe ... Previous Story Zelle, a new mobile payments network, announces integration with 34 banks ... Next Story Google launches quarterly 'Android Excellence' picks in the Play Store Trending 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments trixnkix637 I wonder if the author realizes the Pixel Launcher comes preloaded on Pixels and I'm not sure those count as most people would just install a third party launcher. TL:DR - I don't think there's any correlation in this case between hardware sales and software installs. Richard Gao Err... what? That's the whole premise of this article. And of course those downloads count. How else would apps like Talkback have one billion downloads? Frisi Automatic updates? God knows. Tomáš Petrík Exactly. That means that the app updated automatically on that number of devices, because that number of devices have it preinstalled. Just like this Pixel Launcher case. trixnkix637 That's assuming the person updates the Pixel Launcher instead of installing Nova or something. demarcmj Unless they go to the trouble of freezing the pixel launcher app, it's still going to update even if it's not being used. Frisi You wouldn't believe the number of people that turn off automatic updates for all apps. demarcmj I bet there's a pretty sizeable percentage that don't even know how to do that. We're not talking about AP readers here. This is the general public. Frisi I get your point, HOWEVER, in my social circle, or work circle, name it, each time someone asks me "Why Whatsapp doesn't have x new feature like other people do" I check their Play Store and they have dozens of stacked app updates. This is a regular thing, with different people. demarcmj Fair enough. FWIW... I don't subscribe to this mapping of pixel launcher downloads to pixel sales anyway ¯_(ツ)_/¯ PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ When you've been computing as long as I have ('97) you eventually learn not to update anything "automatically" and wait until you read reviews/look for problems being reported. Can't even begin to recount how many things have been broken and caused massive headaches because of taking updates blindly. TLDR: if it ain't broke, don't fix it. EcE Most people update everything that's installed on their phone. The only app I have an update pending on, is that nasty new Skype. trixnkix637 I typically freeze/disable about 3-4 apps whenever I get new phone, before updating anything. I thought I was a part of the norm. Guess not. Chroosy I only remember the pixel launcher getting updated once and it was just a couple of weeks ago for me. The rest were google app and play services, but not pixel launcher ... as far as I remember. Tomáš Petrík Wouldn't it receive updates despite not being used? (I know you can disable an app, but minority of people do that IMHO.) trixnkix637 I'm not stating my opinion as fact. I even used the phrase "I'm not sure". So if preinstalled apps count, it's news to me. But assuming they don't update the Pixel Launcher and instead download say Nova, does that still count as one install for the Pixel Launcher? PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ So if automatic updates (not via Play Store) count toward the total, then it could be much lower number of units if each unit received multiple updates. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Not sure that helps or hurts your argument. How many active Android devices are there in the wild - 2 billion or something? Does that mean that about 1/2 of them aren't taking updates? Very interesting article. Good job! demarcmj As long as the pixel launcher app was updated at least once between the release of the device and now (which it certainly has been), all Pixel devices should have had to download it at least once from the store. HeCareth The last time it was updated before 4 days ago was 10/20/16. Joe Kovacs If it's preinstalled it counts as a download. SomeGuy112 I think it only counts as a download once the app is updated through the Play Store. Unless they add 1 download for everyone Pixel phone produced before even selling it, which doesn't sound likely. blindexecutioner When you log into your phone the first time the play store auto updates unless you go in and turn that off fast. That means most people will have probably downloaded the update. Frisi Question, does the Pixel Launcher show on the update section? I remember having to search for it when the update for the weather arrived. destinyhud thats only if the pixel has older version of the launcher than whats on the play store. google update the launcher via system update and there has only been 2 update ever one during inital release and another June 6th. besided that most pixel get launcher update via security update as well. tim242 As soon as the device is activated with a Google account, it registers as a download HeCareth Completely Wrong. Try Again. destinyhud it counts as download when its preinstalled and when someone update it from play store. else it wont count. thats why i think this number is way off because google update the pixel launcher via system update and only once they updated it few months ago. their last update was in june 6 before any software update and thats probably why the numbers started climbing back up./ tim242 It counts. Just like Gmail having over a billion downloads. It comes preinstalled. Frisi You know, this is where I find those Play Store counts not accurate at all. https://www.androidcentral.com/google-says-there-are-now-14-billion-active-android-devices-worldwide 2015 Article, 1.4 billion android devices worldwide. http://www.gizbot.com/apps/news/gmail-crosses-1-billion-downloads-google-play-store-android-app-041662.html 2017 Gmail finally reaches a billion. tim242 Because you know, Gmail does not come preinstalled on phones in China. Serge Cebrian and if they sold it world wide and had a marketing campaign accordingly they would sell way more... in MEXICO Phones are subsidized so it would be easy to get one :) but no they decided to exclude everyone as usual ... demarcmj How exactly would they have sold "way more" when they couldn't even keep up with demand in the limited regions they were selling them in. OrionBeast by increasing inventory channels and keeping up with demand instead of being conservative. EcE Which has nothing to do with the original comment of "of it was sold in Mexico they would've sold more" Not if they don't increase inventory... Etc Zsolt V Man, these Google guys? Couldn't they just pick up the phone and order more? Almost as if a lot of this were beyond their control. Indianajonze i skipped it. and i'll skip the next one too if they don't meet my demand of bigger screen size, not smaller. nexus 6>6p>pixel. not a good trend lolololololololol On the desktop/web you can see that it says 1.000.000 - 5.000.000 and i had also the possibility to download the pixel launcher on my n5x with lineageos on it without owning a Pixel or modifying anything https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6bff32b4959fb3df177ac205bff8c33853a667ad3b25189cd94fe5efbf193a11.png Richard Gao Yes, Google doesn't show exact download figures, just ranges. But since the Pixel Launcher just crossed into that "1,000,000 - 5,000,000" install range, we know that it has a little over one million downloads as of right now. As for the LineageOS thing, that's interesting. I'll add that into the article, M. Luciano I'm not faulting your methodology, however the internal unofficial sales numbers are around 6 million shipments. Not sure how to reconcile that with the Play Store data. demarcmj Source? tim242 That is a lie. M. Luciano It's possible, but it's also consistent with the same type of statements over the past several months. So unless this person is totally misinformed, I take them as more credible than a random guess. tim242 Number of downloads is not a random guess. Shipments would include those setting in Verizon stores unsold. I highly doubt there are 5 million in stores, when stock has been such an issue for Google M. Luciano Right, I'm saying a person who ought to know is better than random. The number of downloads is not a random guess either, but I'm not sure yet how to reconcile those two values, since they're so far apart. M. Luciano Verizon alone accounts for over one million as of and there's no evidence to suggest that Verizon sold the bulk of devices. In the first two months Verizon reported 500-600k shipments and we can infer, given that we know Verizon's marketshare and the % of activation on the other big 3 carriers, that their 65% and that they shared that the Pixels accounted for about 2% of their activation in that same period, that there were another 450k on the other three carriers in the first two months. That puts us north of a million before the end of November 2016, just in the US. Duder12 Reading Android news sites lately makes you think all the editors are now just apple fans. saying the Pixel 2 will bootloop bc of lg? Reporting official sales numbers based on playstore downloads? Christ. EcE Well, to be fair, LG has had issues with the G3, G4, G5, V10, V20 & 5X. That's 6 out of their last 7 devices counting the recently released G6, who knows how that one will do in a few months. I know, it's speculation and I see your point, but still. I had issues with a G3 & G4 and I'm never buying an LG ever again. Dabu r/Androidcirclejerk is waiting for you, sir. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Wow. MLP avatar and all. You're not a krApple troll at all, are you? lol http://krapps.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/apple_gauged_ear_headsetFF.jpg xyz No, some of us actually have lives and we don't spend them worshiping companies. You wouldn't happen to be 5 years old, would you? PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ http://sealpond.net/jpegs/2bfee2f0143457a64345ba5227cca8d2.jpg Pixelexel Their logic isn't wrong at all. The Play Store numbers do give a good approximation of the no. of Pixel phones sold. NinoBr0wn But how? The launcher is preinstalled on every Pixel. Never mind the launcher now able to be installed on other devices or the sell through numbers that were reported last year. What am I missing in this report that's been going around the internet? Does an update count as a download/install? Lucas de Eiroz ™ yes. Timothy Vreeland Yeah but they also said themselves, it only counts once per user. So if I have two Pixels, I'm only counted once. Or if I have a lazy non tech family member that uses a shared Gmail to sign into the Play Store, a whole family of Pixels isn't counted. If I'm a reviewer covering both models of the Pixels or perhaps showing off every color Pixel, I'm only counted once. I think those numbers would far surpass the number of developers signing in with multiple accounts. xyz Someone needs to buy cream for their bum. Lars Pixel was released in a limited number of regions, and that must have affected sales. I'm from Scandinavia, for example, and all the Nexus phones were released there. But no Pixel. Asani Viriyaakavuthi Apple sold iPhone 7 Plus sir! not 7s. EcE 7s as in more than one iphone 7, not as "iphone 7S" demarcmj Interesting he didn't call out the Galaxy "S8s" Asani Viriyaakavuthi ahh I made another embarrass comment again. Thanks for correction. EcE No worries just a little clarification tim242 Which is why adding just an "S" after a single number or letter is not a good idea. Ideally, you would say "iPhone 7 devices". But even "iPhone 7's" is a better way. EcE 's implies possession. tim242 Not always. Using 's to pluralize after a single letter or number is very common, and leads to less confusion. But the ideal option is to add a pluralized noun after the proper name. Instead of saying "iPhone 7s", it is best to say "iPhone 7 devices", or some other noun. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Using 's to pluralize after a single letter or number is very common, and leads to less confusion. Profoundly ignorant statement. EcE Wrong. Rule 2b. Do not use an apostrophe + s to make a regular noun plural. Incorrect: Apostrophe's are confusing. Correct: Apostrophes are confusing http://www.grammarbook.com/punctuation/apostro.asp Apostrophes and plural forms The general rule is that you should not use an apostrophe to form the plurals of nouns, abbreviations, or dates made up of numbers: just add -s (or -es, if the noun in question forms its plural with -es). https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/punctuation/apostrophe tim242 I said single letters and numbers, not the noun itself. It is less confusing to use the 's after single letters and numbers. General rules are not concrete. As I said, adding a pluralized noun is ideal, when it makes sense to do so. The two best ways for this instance would have been iPhone 7 devices, or even iPhones 7. Using iPhone 7's would have been better than iPhone 7s. That is just confusing. EcE Apparently writing S8s wasn't confusing since it hasn't been mentioned at all. It's just your preconception of there being a device called iPhone 7S. Plus, you're taking it completely out of context. It shouldn't be confusing if you're reading the sentence and not rushing to the comment section. Gregor Smith Another year, another inventory problem. Having to wait over 6 months for a XL 128GB to become available is ludicrous. At this point I may as well wait for the next round of Pixels or whatever they release in October and do the stupid dance again EcE and wait another six months from then Gregor Smith Exactly. I got the 15% off email for a Pixel the other day... Why would I even look at a phone that's being replaced in about 4 months? And if I can't get a Pixel by, say, January after it's released then it's almost like a lost sale. They really need preorders, or a way to fulfil the orders that are being left when it's out of stock, the XL 128GB is a classic case of when the "notify me" method doesn't work. I wonder how many people ready to spend $869 they simply cast aside LineageOS for exynos! The stupid dance again.. blindexecutioner Yes, at this point it would be foolish to buy a Pixel phone right now. The OnePlus 5, for example, is better in almost every way and will probably be much cheaper. EcE *hopefully will be much cheaper steb0ne Except if you want monthly security updates and OS updates when released it wouldn't be foolish at all, lol! OnePlus support sucks! Master Yates For the last year, One Plus OS updates have been excellent for the 3/3T. The arrival of the 5 will be the true test for 3/3T owners. Kyle Gospodnetich You mean I can get less than half the support for 3/4 the price? Yeah baby sign me the fuck up. iOnePlus 7 Plus here I come! MicroNix That's the spirit. Because after having inventory issues this long, it will all change with the Pixel 2. You can wish in one hand.... makapav Google hardware realization cycle follows the Android upgrade cycle for OEMs. Two sides of the same coin. Kit Tihonovich And this is exactly why I never bought one. I wasn't wanting to wait 8 weeks at launch assuming "as always" someone else would get them before then and sell and I'd be fucked for buying direct from google once again. Happened with the Chromecast, various phones, Nexus 10, Nexus 7...So I waited. It never became available for no wait. I'm not OK with that. Ray It's not so much the wait for me... it's the outrageous price tag of $1400 Aussie Dollars. mike shwilly Who else is feeling special now? 😎 Alberto I highly doubt the Pixel has been the most sold Google phone. Nexus 5 was a huge success and had a worldwide release. AFAIK, for instance, the only European countries where the Pixel is being sold are Germany and the UK. Plus, it has suffered from inventory problems everywhere. Considering all of this I don't think those numbers are that bad. Chris On top of that, most people in the U.S. think it only works on Verizon, because in their commercials it says "only available at Verizon". A friend's boyfriend had the Pixel, and I mentioned to him that it was cool because I hadn't seen anyone with one before. And she said that she was going to switch from her iPhone to the Pixel, but she saw the commercials and thought it only worked on Verizon. Once I told her she could have bought it unlocked, she was kinda upset. I REALLY hope they can get it in all the carriers, and really get the name out. It'll be nice to see phones that aren't iPhones or Galaxies in the wild. Denis Wagner I don't think that eiter, even in other European countries like Germany. I am from Germany and have only seen a Pixel Phone outside of a store once, but I still see a lot of people with a Nexus 5 demarcmj If they had the device in stock, perhaps they could have sold some. Victor Stuber And if didn't cost twice as much as a nexus enoch861 Geez. Apple really does move those iPhone's. Frisi I find it hard to believe they just moved a million in just 8 months. Verizon (the number 1 US carrier with around 114 million clients) pushed hard on ads, Google pushed hard on ads. Even randomly people on the street see my phone and go "Oh you have a Pixel, how is it?"(bare in mind I live in Puerto Rico, the only way to get it here is via the Google Store online, yet people know about it). So there's word of mouth, at least. So I don't know, until there's hard copy even pre-loaded installs count (meaning no updated version by any means), I'll take the Play Store count with a grain of salt. Plus, too bad Google doesn't release sales data. tim242 Verizon stores sell in large numbers: 1. iPhone 2. Samsung 3. Random Droid branded Moto 4. HTC once in a blue moon 5. Prepaid phones 6. A Pixel, if the stars align just right, while standing on just one foot with fingers crossed, and possibly being drunk. Duder12 Verizon isnt even carrying the new HTC. NeverrKnowsBest You'd think after the whole Ars/Xbox shit show, we'd be a bit more hesitant to put any real stock in these public facing numbers... blindexecutioner Doesn't surprise me. It's very expensive and ugly. Also goes to show Google chose the wrong partner if HTC can't even keep this small number of phones in stock. raffr I'm not sure the issue is htc. This is "google's phone" after all.. The Nexus 4 was hard to get also. My guess is google didn't expect to sell even 1 million phones and clearly they don't want to appear as threat to their partners. If google wanted to sell these phones in large numbers they could have sold them through all carriers. demarcmj He didn't say anything about HTC EDIT: Nevermind... he edited his post. It previously just said "Doesn't surprise me. It's very expensive and ugly." tim242 Yes he did... "...chose the wrong partner if HTC." demarcmj See my edit... the OP edited his comment. Don't you just love Disqus. tim242 Ahhh. I see that now : ) needa HTC is the reason it is ugly, not the reason they can't keep it in stock. HTC is the ODM. Sir_Brizz What? HTC is manufacturing the phones. Why would they not fulfill the requests? needa That's what I'm saying. I think. A bit confused on your end. Sir_Brizz Did you write what you meant backwards then? My point is that they can't keep up with the requests, because why wouldn't they try to if they could? needa Ahh. KK. I was unaware that HTC wasn't capable of keeping up with building the Pixel . The guy from Google said they had issues sourcing. Kind of like OnePlus. Like OnePlus they will do better next year, and even will probably be able to keep up with production in year three. HTC should be capable of producing much more than they have, as they have the facilities. Albeit old facilities. MicroNix What? It is a Google designed phone. HTC designs were much better than that ugly thing. Zratul No, the Pixel is almost a slightly redesigned HTC A9 which has been flagged as an iPhone clone since launch. Google wanted to go with Huawei but they refused the deal because their brand would not be displayed. There are various sources that indicate that HTC was chosen only 10-12 months as the last resort scenario. before the release meaning little time to customize anything. xyz Nice deflection, Google fanboy. needa He who comments on the Hollywood Reporter and Wrestling Inc. should not throw stones. Lazu Gheorghe It's no wonder they sold so few tho. The price is ridiculous, in Romania it still costs 100€ more then a galaxy s8+, and availability is limited. They haven't been marketed here at all, a galaxy s8 is so much better and cheaper, and they simply aren't known as "cool" phones, so spoiled kids won't waste their money on it. I can't blame them tho, I can't imagine why anyone in his mind would spend such money on last year's hardware, no water resistance and a very mediocre design. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman They've sold as many as they've made, though. They can't stay in stock. matteventu Loool who cares about its price in Romania. It's not sold officially there. Zsolt V You are paying for the person who grey-market imported the phone for you, so you don't need to drive to Germany. Sounds fair. Frisi https://www.pressreader.com/usa/the-washington-post/20170307/281891593069031 Found this article. States that Google managed to move 556,000 units by December 2016 (so in two months). Did it really take a bit over 5 months to move another 444,000? Richard Gao I wouldn't be surprised at all, most phones sell more at launch while they're still the new hot thing. It's also worth noting that that's an analyst estimate. M. Luciano Unofficially, they sold around 6 million so far. Patrick Smithopolis No one knows how many were sold. Everything is just speculation. M. Luciano Well, some people know, I just asked a friend and got a guesstimate. To be clear though, he said "shipments" not necessarily consumers activating devices. Not sure where they'd be shipped to though if not to be sold to consumers. EcE I asked a friend the other day how many burgers McDonald's sells everyday. He guesstimates it's about 5,000,000. He must be right. M. Luciano Yeah you guys are missing the point here by a mile. I can see when I'm unwelcome. To be clear, I am not lying and I don't appreciate being trolled, so ya'll can fuck off. Have a good night folks. matteventu Don't wate your time with these people... EcE ROFL Cody Toombs I just asked a friend and he said the world was flat. I guess I should believe that, too? Let's have a credible source before taking it as fact. M. Luciano I get your point, can't help with it. Guess I can just be full of shit today. I mean I can send you a screenshot, but I could also just make up a screenshot. The source is credible, but I understand that since you didn't read it you can't take it at face value. M. Luciano To add to that; I do have a few dozen people that can verify that I tested the first Pixel prior to release and prior to the tech blogs getting review units, tested Google Wi-Fi prior to release and tested several unreleased apps last year for Google and that I am routinely in the loop on some of these projects. Obviously that doesn't help you, but I'm not just coming out of the blue. tim242 Verizon stores. MadMartigan No way it's over 9000. Truth. Heard it from the homeless guy who hangs out in front of our coffee shop. He used to work for Google, ya know... Ryne Hager The bones tell me nothing! Shawn Spring If this was a Willow reference in 2017, you win the internet for today sir. destinyhud pixel launcher rarely gets updated via playstore(most update comes as a system update). if people dont update via play store they dont count as a install. as per previous report it sold about 2 million pixel as of feb 2017 Leif Sikorski I wouldn't want one as daily driver. They're still good devices for developer, but otherwise Google still has much to learn from other OEMs. The bugs their updates have year after year are something a user shouldn't have to deal with. They need to slow down updates and test them better before releasing them to the average user. They can rename their phones like they want, but since the first Nexus they treat them more like developer devices Anu6is I've not had any issues with my pixel throughout the various updates. Ron Amadeo The Pixel Launcher is not compatible with the Pixel C. Right? As least that's why my O Preview Pixel C says. M. Luciano Correct, there is a separate app for it called PixelCLauncer or something to that effect. Richard Gao Ah, I think you're right. That's my bad, thanks for the correction. SomeGuy112 I honestly don't think the first gen Pixel was meant to sell a lot, I think it was more about getting the Pixel brand name out there and gauging demand for the brand, as well as achieving other things behind the scenes, like building relationships with carriers Google had a interview with "The Verge" website when the Pixel was first revealed. I screenshotted part of the article and attached it to this post, they talk about the goals of the first gen Pixel https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d71b8b45589057ccbfd54ff11c88d114733ccc53c260df12108a29cc161c1d45.png Mix I think they dropped the ball with satisfaction thing. I have a 128gb Pixel XL and went through 2 breaking and being covered under warranty. My brother bought,and sold his within 4 months of ownership for $600. ZERO of my friends (890% Android users) want one because of what I went though, they made fun of this 'super expensive phone' that sucked balls and kept breaking. My 3rd one, so far, has been great but but I feel that my entire experience was not worth the $1,400 price tag and so do my friends. Jingwei Zhang Your experience might very well be an outlier. Everyone I know who got a Pixel loves the user experience and silky smooth interaction. Some of them, like me, really hate how ugly the phone is, but decided to live with it because the user experience is unmatched by any other Android phones. Mix Probably true! I like my phone now and have no issues but going through two phones in under 2 months was a huge kick, felt like I bought the worlds most expensive lemon! My brother hated his & had no issues but he didn't want to risk anything like what I went though. My friends only see the Pixel though my experience and it's not a good one! The phone look decent from the back but as soon as you turn it around, it's pretty scary. but that with my experience? I am not at all sold on the idea of owning a Pixel 2. SomeGuy112 All phone models will have lemons, it's just the nature of mass producing a product I believe. I exchanged three Galaxy S3s back in the day because two had these horrible inky blobs all over the screen and the other one just bricked suddenly out of no where, which became known as the infamous "Sudden Death" bug around the S3 community. Mix Ouch, yeah that sucks! I've just never had these kind of issues with any other phone but I know lemons happen, just sucks that out of all the lotteries I won this one, lol. MicroNix Telling the truth, how often do you reboot your Pixel to keep it working silky smooth? Jingwei Zhang To tell you the truth. I haven't kept my phone on long enough to find out when it starts to really lag. The longest run I had so far is 1 month between the monthly OTAs. By around 20th day, the Google Now/Cards app would occasionally stop loading and I had to restart the app. Other than that, nothing really lagged in a conventional sense. I had various bugs show up the first 3 months owning the phone, like adaptive brightness stops working or charging very slowly about 15 days in, but they have since been fixed. Sootie I share the same sentiment as the guy above and I think I have rebooted my pixel twice since I got it on launch day, current up time is over 400 hours DanG That "silky smooth" is what got me to get one. it is by far the smoothest phone I've ever used, including iPhones. Duder12 You have shitty friends. SetiroN At least he has some, unlike you. Mix Lol Duder(your age here) you are a funny person. xyz You have shit for brains. Ahhh yeahhhh Mix isn't being truthful Mix You caught me! Mix isn't my real name but as for buying a Pixel and having to RMA 2 under warranty through Google? Very real. someone755 How the fuck do you expect to pay $1400 for a phone and expect to be satisfied. Even in the best case scenario, which the Pixel is far from, at that amount, you're just setting yourself up for disappointment. This is why the people loved the Nexus line -- it showed that Android and its OEMs are not a mature platform, and provided phones at the right prices for what the platform could offer. Mix I had the Nexus 4 and 5 but got off the bus with the Nexus 6 (due to cost...) and went with a Samsung S6 but, man, do I hate Touchwiz. The only reason I came back to the Nexus line, I mean, Pixel was work helped with the upgrade costs. I picked my wife up an Axon 7 and that thing has been a crazy solid phone! I would rather have two of those than an single Pixel! ddevito Found a fanboy Đức Thành Doesn't being on Android Police automatically make us all fanboys tho xyz No, some of us are here to troll the fanboys. SomeGuy112 If giving a comment based off interviews Google did with tech websites makes me fanboy then so be it. Sorry if I don't post "alternative facts" to please haters. DragoCubed Pixel brand? I have only seen about three ads and that was when it first launched. I haven't seen anyone in person with one. The only people that I've seen who've heard of the google pixel are online. I'm in Australia if that means anything. SomeGuy112 And yet you still know what the Pixel brand is and who makes it, that means the marketing did its job right. Besides, Pixel ads are all over Google owned YouTube and millions of people use YouTube daily. DragoCubed HTC makes it. Well anyways, I know about it because I'm an Android Police reader but yeah, I still would've known it existed if I wasn't one. I haven't seen any Pixel ads on YT. It's just my experience though. xyz lol. So after years of the "Nexus" brand, Google decided to change the name and test another brand name, eh? Google fanboys are some of the dumbest people ever. SomeGuy112 The Nexus program had different goals, it wasn't meant to be a direct competitor to the iPhone. If you don't know what the Nexus program was for then your argument is invalid. mxwp clearly it wasn't since they have supply problems destinyhud i dont think i agree with this play store count. googles other revenue increased 1.3 billion in Q4 2016 compared to Q4 2015. its increased 1 billion from Q3 Sep 2016 --> Q4 Dec 2016. so even if u take in to account normal play store growth probably its 900 million dollars in hardware sales(approx). assuming google sold lets say optimistically 2 million google home. (probably not 2 million but lets put worst case scenario) yet the amount would add up to $200 million removing all middleman cuts etc. that brings it down to 700 million. take out $50 for other hardwares like wifi, chromecast, daydream. thats brings that amount to 650 million. now looking at average selling price since mostly sold by Verizon and Verizon takes a cut. its def more than 1 million sold in Q4 2016 alone. then there is Q1 2017 demarcmj That's A LOT of guestimation Duder12 So is this entire article. demarcmj Not really. They're pointing at one available figure and saying "If this is to be believed, then ______." You're saying... "They made ______ revenue so If I pull a bunch of numbers out of my butt and assign them to things, I came out with definitely more than 1 million sold" Duder12 This entire article is based on app downloads in the playstore. Has every pixel updated their launcher? Do different pixels in different regions auto update off this listing? Are their different listings for this launcher? This article is very much speculation. It is not sales figures. demarcmj I'm not saying that I agree with their mapping of pixel launcher downloads to pixel sales (I don't). It's a theory though. They're saying "If you subscribe to this mapping theory, then here's what that says about pixel sales." Again, I don't subscribe to that theory. Your method is literally just pulling a bunch of figures out of thin air. Duder12 Mine? Wtf are you talking about? I didnt write the OP you are ranting against. demarcmj My bad destinyhud guessing all worst case scenario still comes out better for pixel hardware. that 1 billions def has to be accounted for something. if it was not for pixel what else can it be?? even if u take 500 million out(for wifi,chromecast,daydream and growth) and make 500 million for pixel hardware that could still be close to around 1 million sales for pixel considering average selling price might be lower than actual selling price BroadcastJunkie I can confirm, they sold one. I have it... that is all I know LineageOS for exynos! Bezel xl.. No Wonder Scott Harris Most casual phone buyers, which will be the vast majority of consumers, don't care about bezels. tim242 Until they see the S8. Shawn Spring Yes...because clearly a phone that was released on October of 2016 suffered when compared design-wise to a phone that was released in Q2 of 2017. Smh - just come out and say you're a "hater" and call it a day plz. Wayren Going to have to agree with some of the folks I'm seeing here. The Pixel phones being perpetually out of stock probably had a serious hand in this. tim242 They have been in abundance at Verizon stores. Nate Tinner All that said, the count almost certainly isn't precise. It probably shows "1 million downloads" even if it's really 1,999,999 downloads, before finally showing "2 million" after that next download (and does it even show increments other than 1, 5, and 10?). tim242 Nope. Try harder. It just went over the 1 million mark. Now it will show 1-5 million. Luxferro I think they count everytime the app updates as a download. I doubt they even sold close to 1/2 a million. Artem Russakovskii Except it just changed from 500k-1mln to 1mln-5mln the other day. AndTheWorldMayNeverKnow Carrier exclusivity to Verizon and having to buy it in full directly from Google or finance through Synchrony is part of the reason. Galaxy's and iPhones have been available on so carriers for some time now plus they offer monthly fees straight through carriers. I don't think they wanted to sell that many Pixel phones, it's a beta for the next Google Pixel phone. I think they next Pixel will be on all carriers. That check from Verizon was lovely I'm sure. wade_county I've seen 1 Pixel out in the wild in Miami. It's all Apple, Samsung, some old LG flagships (G2/G3) and prepaid android phones down here. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ So if automatic updates (not via Play Store) count toward the total, then it could be much lower number of units if each unit received multiple updates. IOW, is each DL shown on GPS a unique device or include multiple DLs for each update? Plus those who DLed Pixel Launcher on non-pixel devices. I had it on my N6P for a while. TLDR: need to see more data to determine if this a valid accounting estimate. Sir_Brizz I think the more important thing is that it creates a relative upper bounds for sales. 1 million units in the wild is pretty abysmal, but I think it's obvious Google didn't care about selling much. What's more depressing is that the Pixel doesn't seem to have outsold the Nexus devices and moreover has seemed to have several issues the equivalent of owning a Nexus device. So they haven't done much of a job of leaving that brand in the past with the Nexus Pixel. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Well stated. And also it makes me remember the Motorola exercise where Google was doing magical things and then just dropped it to be rhaped and butchered by Lenovo. Why do they keep playing around in hardware if they can't see anything through and don't seem to like it very much? Luxferro It's not just hardware, it's everything Google does. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ PSA: NEVER take automatic updates. When you've been computing as long as I have ('97) you eventually learn not to update anything "automatically" and wait until you read reviews/look for problems being reported. Can't even begin to recount how many things have been broken and caused massive headaches because of taking updates blindly. TLDR: if it ain't broke, don't fix it. Samsung Defense Force I've been computing since 1985 (Atari 8 bit 😄) The second thing you learn is make backups for your backup and in this day and age keep your backup backups local not cloud. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Two types of people in the world: those who have lost data and those who will. Dmitry Stepanushkin Or those who not yet making backups and those who already making 😀 JohnyNoLegs If you were actually into computing, you would always want the latest thing. So doesn't make sense.FYI got first computer in 93. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ If you were actually into computing, you would always want the latest thing. Erm... sure, ace. But for those of us who actually earn a living from them, you don't risk effing up your machine or a client's just to have "the latest thing." JohnyNoLegs I don't earn a living off my phone or home PCs. Out of the 4 PC's I have, 2 run linux, One Windows and one hacintosh. I have to say that all of them are up to date, and all have the latest security patches. If there is one thing I have learned, is always update. If it's a server, then that's a COMPLETELY different kettle of fish and doesn't relate to this post AT ALL. Having a single PC that you rely on is probably a mistake anyway. I can dev on any of the machines I listed, BACKUP! PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ There's always exceptions, security being one of the most frequent, but in mission-critical, enterprise or even casual home users there's nothing imprudent or less than professional about waiting and seeing reports about what the updates do to *other*people's machines before you install them on your own. JohnyNoLegs If you are not a techie, you wouldn't research this, and if you were a techie, you would update first and ask questions later. Only in a corporate environment would someone wait. If something went wrong with my machine due to an update, I would simply revert to a backup. Easy. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You're confusing "techie" with "hobbyist" - they're not the same. There are people other than "corporations" who value their time and would rather be doing other things on their machine or otherwise than restoring from backup because they foolishly took an update when there's no reason not to wait and see before applying it. Your argument is invalid. JohnyNoLegs "foolishly took an update". How can you be a techie without being a hobbyist. You become techie by stuffing things up and breaking them, then fixing them. From experience of stuffing things up so many times, I've learnt that updates are important, and backups are more important. Having my OS on a separate disk without my user profile or apps means I can restore or even install a fresh copy of Win10 as an example without any real loss at all (except maybe recent files). Anyway all is good. I learnt my lesson of not updating a while ago with Win Vista. Given that Win10 now has priority updates which can be dealt with differently, I just set the critical ones to install asap, then the others to install every Friday night so if there are any issues I have sat to start my scripts of restoring etc which take approx 10 mins to get back to normal. --> the number of times I used the scripts due to updates breaking things are 0 btw. The number of times I used it because I stuffed something up is greater than I can report. Samsung Defense Force lol, 😄 more proof that once again, nobody cares about stock Android--Samsung and TouchWiz are where it's at!! Maybe Google could make an Android version that's light enough and flexible enough to be installed on all phones with the option to dual boot. Users can boot into whatever skin they want and then without having to restart--switch into the other. VAVAMk_2 Ouch Roberto I'm sorry but to say that you see more people around with a Pixel than any of the previous nexuses is a clearly biased american pov. Come in any other contry in Europe and you'll see that the Pixel sold nothing, Verizon extra marketing efforts are restricted to one country alone and cannot hope to match a less marketed phone that was available to buy from so many more customers tmartin For the record, in NYC on the subway I see way more N4s and N5s than anything that came after including Pixel. Farid Amin They should have kept the price around £500 to sell more not £749 D13H4RD2L1V3 That's....not a very high number. C64 After 8 months i still think it's an ugly overpriced iPhone clone. Dmitry Stepanushkin Me too. Toys Samurai Don't make up excuse for the low number, guys. It's low, and Google has no one to blame but itself. That said, I am not sure if the Play Store number includes pre-install then updates. Since the Pixel Launcher is pre-installed, technically there's no download. The question is whether a subsequent auto update will count as 1 download. ddevito Eat your heart out Apple /s moneytrain So, you think it is more likely that modded build prop users of other devices account for a high figure than the apkmirror download figures being legit.... HeCareth https://thenextweb.com/apple/2013/05/16/billions-how-exactly-do-apple-and-google-count-app-downloads/ PreInstalled Apps do not count towards Play Store Downloads. This was confirmed by Google almost 4 years ago. Not sure why we keep pushing that narrative. tim242 That is a lie. How else would Gmail, Hangouts, and Drive have over a billion downloads? By the way, the only way to get the Pixel launcher from the Play Store IS TO OWN A PIXEL, WHICH IT IS PREINSTALLED ON. Go home, you are drunk and high. HeCareth That article says exactly that taken straight from Google. Also CM13 and CM14 can install the Pixel Launcher direct from the playstore. I'm sure countless other ROMS can do the same thing. With CM at an install base of more than 10 million​ it actually makes a level of sense. tim242 Wrong. The article is talking about total apps downloaded, not number of individual app downloads. Reading comprehension fail. HeCareth LOL What?!? Funniest thing I've read to date. What's the difference bro? Let me qoute the article for you since maybe you have issues understanding words in text. It's cool it happens. "Pre-installed apps Both companies told me that they do not count pre-installed apps among their numbers. Many Android devices come with apps pre-installed that can also be downloaded via the Google Play store, but those do not count towards Play Store downloads. Only apps downloaded from the Play Store with a user account are counted." tim242 Let me break it down for you. Let's just say that there have been 100 billion apps downloaded from the Play Store. All this article is saying is that Google's preinstalled apps would not count toward THAT NUMBER. But preinstalled apps do count toward the individual number of downloads for an app. If you don't know the difference, I don't know what to tell you. I suppose you think that over a billion people went to the Play Store and downloaded Google Fucking Plus. HeCareth Yep I do think that over a billion people downloaded Google Plus i the course of 6 years. Why? Because people used it for services that were not Google Plus....you like Google Photos. Or do you forget that photos was a Google Plus service for years before it was pulled out. Also let me just break this down. Let’s start with a few facts Sep 2016 – Nexus Launcher became the Pixel Launcher Oct 2016 – Pixel Launcher released exclusively on Pixel and Pixel XL Nov 2016 – Pixel Launcher is found to be actually available for download to CyanogenMod 13 (6.0) and 14 (7.0) from the Play Store. Jan 2017 – Pixel Launcher downloads at 500k – 1 Million Downloads June 2017 – Pixel Launcher Update moves stats into 1 Million to 5 Million Downloads Now lets fill in the blanks. Using logic. Yeah I know…we tend not to use that here. If CyanogenMod 13 had the Pixel Launcher available in the Playstore that could account for the 500k initial installs. Cyanogen’s install base is over 10 Million devices so this would not be surprising if these devices all downloaded the new Pixel launcher when the update hit before the Pixel was released. All this falls in in line with what Google previously said that PreInstalled Apps do not count toward the number. tim242 You are an idiot. Blocked. HeCareth Lol. Goodbye. HeCareth So you seem to be obtuse I will give you more quotes from the same article. "Both Apple and Google tabulate unique downloads of apps per user account. This means that they count only one download of an app no matter how many devices that you install that app on after you purchase it. Neither company counts updates in its app download numbers. These are purely single downloads from their stores." Chroosy It may count if you update you apps once in your lifetime of your phone, many people do and these apps get updated way more than the Pixel Launcher did. I only got one update a couple of weeks ago. tim242 Preinstalled apps don't count toward total downloads from the Play Store. They are counted in the app downloads. jeebus Personally, I don't know anyone with a Pixel. None. Zip. Zilch. I've got a 6p and I have a number of friends with them. I've known many to have the Nexus 5, and some (including myself) had the Nexus 6. But no pixels. Weird. J.J. Still have not seen a pixel in the wild! Gautham Suki✓ⱽᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ 128 GB XL is always out of stock in India. Ryan Johnson I was able to install the Pixel Launcher from the Play Store using Lineage OS on my OnePlus One o.O ralphusion Seriously AndroidPolice? Before second guessing what seems like sound enough logic, get some firm ground on how things work on these Stores. Play Store numbers show app installs initiated from the Store. They do not include counts of pre-installed apps or any updates thereon. The installs you see (i.e. the 1M+) will likely cover supported non-Pixel devices and Pixel devices on non-stock ROMs (Lineage and the rest), but not the pre-installed factory set ones (with or without updates). You should have at least gotten a measure of App Annie (or similar Store Analytics cos.) store stats when Google opened the Pixel Launcher for other devices on the Store (which happened a few months after the sale of these devices). The counts on Store were zilch then. HeCareth Thank you. Somebody with some sense. Ron puts out this unverified article and blogs jump on it like it's pure fact, without even understanding how things work. TSON1 That can't be the case... else why would all of the Google apps have hundreds of millions of installs when all devices with native play store access have them preinstalled? ralphusion Many reasons for this, although most notably this revolves around how and what Play Store considers as an install w.r t. user accounts that actually affect that install. Bear in mind, not all Google apps come pre-installed, even on prominent OEM devices, let alone the cheaper Chinese siblings that hot sell in global markets. Once again, it's best to check reputed sources that capture App and Play store statistics to give clear measures of installs before or after individual Gapps came to light. Just bringing these points here because I'm in the business of knowing how these numbers come to be. But honestly, its simply appalling that half thought-of, unverified research goes into articles on popular tech news sites like Android Police, which are then copied across the internet to spread statements like the aforementioned. Doesn't qualify as great practice in journalism, in fact falls flat into the other side without actually going into fake news territory. Fake news is at least intentional; this is just poor journalism. Abhijeet I have seen literally one pixel phone out in the wild here in Mumbai (in my limited circle), whereas the no. of people who had Nexus 5, and for than matter galaxy s6/7, oneplus 3 or even lg flagships is visibly higher. I don't think they ever intended to manufacture or sell a large quantity of pixel devices in the first place. M3D1T8R How times have changed. I remember when it was considered a big success when the original PlayStation passed 100,000 units within it's first few months. Now 1mil is considered not great. Romek Nowak I'm not quite sure about whether it really is all Pixels. I run Resurrection Remix on my phone, which ships with the Pixel Launcher and got an update from the Play Store just the other day. SAM Meanwhile in India, there are lot of unsold pixels and to clear the stock, they are being heavily discounted. Still sales are not picking up. dontsh00tmesanta Given the lack of carrier subsidy and it's price duh.... Thanh Le meh. At the price point they are offering, they will never sell shit. The value proposition of android is completely demolished in these thousand dollar models. Wtf happened to consumer electronics, why the hell does all of these all of a sudden was in the 300-400 range 4 years ago now they are all 800-1k+? LOL what the hell? Goran Pixel is an overpriced good android phone, difficult to buy, followed by to many controversies, missing to many features for its abnormal price. I am not surprised at all. That phone never could have been success having in mind what it offered for asked price, inspite some obvious advantages in terms of fast updates and smooth performance. Peter Silie Also I heard it helps sales if a product is available worldwide and not in just five countries ;-) Ivan Carapovic First of all, they sell it only online and only in selected countries. Many people have no way of buying it. Second, its expensive. They have no cheap version of this phone, and not many carriers offer it with a contract/discount. Third, low stock. Theres always some waiting involved which leads people to other OEMs that can deliver immediately. LondonLeedsFan Regardless of what we all 'think' it's worth and how it matches to other phone specs, the Pixel and XL were both just far too expensive to buy. Someone that doesn't really come to places like AP will not swap out their old phone for one that they have never heard of and just see in the shop, and pay an extra £5/10 per month for it. I don't know how it works in the US, but at some stages, the Pixel has been more expensive than a iPhone. Plus if someone says 'you can order it today and we'll deliver in 4 weeks' , that's a no. lomsha Yet they can't properly keep them in stock. someone755 It's definitely not just Pixels that can download that. This screenshot is from a while back, taken on a device with few similarities with the Pixels. Smaller, lower-resolution screen, one Android version lower etc, all that kinda stuff. http://i.imgur.com/e1i2Z68.png http://i.imgur.com/YOEL93r.png Zee That's it? Less than a million and they couldn't even meet demand? Filipe Santos No because this phone was an experiment... Kwetsima Maluleke One mega Pixel 🌚 DanG I hope Google learned their lesson. They should never work with HTC again. xyz Eat shit, Pixel fanboys. Your overpriced bezel phone sucks and the sales reflect that. Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 172 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 33 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 395 1 Year Ago Today Editorial: iOS 10 is Apple’s not-so-secret love letter to Android 2016/06/15 4:50pm PDTJun 15, 2016 52 2 Years Ago Today Google Maps Now Warns You If You Are Navigating To A Place That Will Be Closed When You Arrive 2015/06/15 2:52pm PDTJun 15, 2015 43 3 Years Ago Today PSA: No, The OnePlus One Is Not Waterproof, So Don't Try This At Home 2014/06/15 11:20am PDTJun 15, 2014 2 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Emancy: Borderline War, Shelter, And Beejumbled 2013/06/15 5:49pm PDTJun 15, 2013 21 5 Years Ago Today Zombies, Run! Spices Up Your Running Routine With A Little Undead Uprising 2012/06/15 10:20pm PDTJun 15, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today [Updated] EVO Shift 4G Gingerbread OTA Update Dropping June 17th 2011/06/15 3:41pm PDTJun 15, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today HTC Aria Coming June 20th To AT&T, Initial Hands-On Impressions Surface 2010/06/15 5:50pm PDTJun 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 30 Google adds Play Store support to more Chromebooks from Acer, Dell, ASUS, HP, Lenovo, and Samsung 2017/06/15 11:01am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 176 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 30 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 140 queries | 0.447s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Pocket-lint search News Reviews Features Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Did Google hire Apple's chip designer to make chips for Pixel 2? Elyse Betters14 June 2017Phones Pocket-lint Google hired Manu Gulati, an Apple micro-architect Google also has over a dozen new SoC-related job listings Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Future Pixel phones might feature custom, Google-designed chips. According to Variety, Google has hired Manu Gulati, an Apple micro-architect. He worked at Apple on chip development for about eight years, but his LinkedIn profile shows he just joined Google. With the title of lead SoC architect, he's obviously overseeing some type of system-on-a-chip development at Google. It's a bold move for a company that uses third-party chips in all its products. Google's current Pixel phones rely on Qualcomm chips, but the company may be planning to ditch them going forward, considering it has over a dozen new SoC-related job listings live right now that are all specific to mobile. A few of the postings include a mobile SoC architect, mobile SoC CPU architect, mobile SoC memory architect, and so on. Their descriptions also offer up clues. Google may only release two Pixel phones, one possibly made by LG Best smartphones 2017: The best phones available to buy today Google Pixel 2 could come with an 18:9 display We can see phrases like "architect the memory sub-system of a high-end mobile SoC" and "help define the architecture of future generations of phone and tablet SoCs", which, again, all suggest Google wants to develop custom chips, possibly for future-generation Pixel phones. The Information even reported in 2015 that Google was considering developing its own chips to compete with Apple. Check out Pocket-lint's Pixel 2 guide for more details on what the next Pixel phones from Google may feature. Sections Google Phones Via: Variety Source: Manu Gulati (LinkedIn) Best smartphones 2017: The best phones available to buy today Apple iOS 11: 11 new features coming to your iPhone and iPad Best upcoming smartphones: The future phones of 2017 Best Samsung Galaxy S8 accessories Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint OnePlus 5 launch: When is it and where can you watch it online? Best roaming plans: Which is the cheapest network for EU and abroad? LG V30 could get August launch, LG G7 to move to earlier January 2018 launch New iPhones will feature wireless charging, Apple supplier confirms Samsung's new Galaxy J-series phones coming to the UK soon Google Pixel 2: What's the story so far? Samsung Galaxy Note 8: What's the story so far? OnePlus 5: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know Apple 3D Touch tips and tricks: Get the most out of the your iPhone Nokia 8/9 flagship Android phone: Release date, rumours and specs E3 2017: All the games and announcements that matter OnePlus 5 launch: When is it and where can you watch it online? Best iPad Pro 10.5 cases: Protect your new Apple tablet Microsoft Surface Pro (2017) review: Every bit the pro, but battery life is still a blow Best roaming plans: Which is the cheapest network for EU and abroad? Amazon's voice-ordering Dash Wand is now almost free for Prime users Sky Q now lets you record six programmes, while watching a seventh Dior Homme x Sennheiser: Fashion hits headphones hard with stunning results Microsoft Office is now available in the Windows Store for the first time Forget Amazon Go cashier-less stores, Moby Mart is already here Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google adds more Local Guides levels and ways to earn points Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/06/13 11:41am PDTJun 13, 2017 27 Plus 1 on G+ 122 Share on Facebook 35 Share on Twitter Total Shares184 Applications Google News Videos Google Maps has a lot of data, some of it contributed by users. Google is keenly aware that you can get people to contribute to a service rather easily as long as you give them points. The points don't even have to be good for anything, although Local Guides points do come with some rewards. Today, Google is adding new levels to the Local Guides program and offering new ways to earn points so you can reach these higher levels. Previously, there were only five Local Guides levels, but now there are ten of them. Levels four through ten also have a cool badge system. Badges are even better motivators than points. It's a scientific fact. As before, you can get perks after hitting level two that include nearly access to new features, and occasional discounts from Google and its partners. At levels four through ten, you get three free months of Play Music and 75% off a movie rental. Certain activities in Maps give you more point, like being the first to add a location. Starting now Local Guides can earn a smaller number of points from rating locations or fact checking other Guides. That's great, but can we get some more badges? Googleplz. Source: Google Blog Tags apps Google google maps local guides maps video subscribe ... Previous Story Google hires ex-Apple chipset veteran to help design SoCs for Pixel phones ... Next Story HMD Global launches Nokia 3, 5, and 6 in India Trending 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Chris Thurber Dang. I am only level 2, but those badges make me want to hit 10. (Not sarcastic) FelschR So what about past actions? Will we get the point difference? Frederico Silva Yes, they will convert the old points to the new system. johnforamerica Good! Since you can only add a location if you're the first to do so, ALL my added locations are worth more points. Wonder when these updated calcs are gonna hit... FelschR they hit me today^^ Nicholas Conrad I prefer the 2 years of 1tb of drive storage, thanks. MrCalifornia Yeah, make fun of it all you want but I saved $240 by agreeing to attach a bunch of my generic pics to places. Vlad I did that by modifying the schedules of all the McDrives in my country. They're 24/7. Just changed that from the lack of any at all. exadeci Google wins in the end, the storage doesn't cost them $240 and you are cheaper than a minimum wage worker. Nicholas Conrad Who's making fun? I genuinely prefer the free tb of drive storage I got. thomas sim I would prefer 'permanent' Drive storage upgrade, even small one. I have 19GB now, after my 2 years 100GB storage from HTC phone bundle expired free months ago. Daniel Do you need a credit card for the three free months of GPM? Chris Walton From the UK conditions - "Valid form of payment required at sign-up but will not be charged until the trial period expires" Daniel Darn, I was hoping they weren't gonna do that. LOL Fuск badges and points, give me free shiт you cheap basтards. One t-shirt and that's it? Wtf, I got 700 points already Suicide_Note Pfft. Amateur. JG I wouldn't complain if Google opted to convert our free bonus Drive space into free permanent Drive space... 1.019TB of cloud storage would be amazing! Or maybe some kind of discount on the new Pixel phones. If they want us submitting photos of local business, what better device to use to take the pictures than a Pixel 2 (considering Google has stated they plan to improve upon Pixel 1's already great camera)... EcE Nice wishlist. It would be great to keep the storage. I barely use it because I know it's going away. LOL Discount on Pixel 2..... keep dreaming :) 😆😄 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0bd6a2b693ce856e5dda0e36f8dbb306db6c0db24c441ef9a43fe5e2aad1b778.gif EcE "Valid for ONE 75% discount on a movie rental from eligible titles on Google Play" PFFT!! when I started three years ago, I was promised a yearly gift. Raymond Hawkins I know, right? Couldn't they at least have made it a free rental rather than 75% off? Really does not make it feel rewarding in any way. But then, maybe that's the idea -- they got too many people doing it for rewards and decided it was going to cost more than they wanted to spend. Or else that people would do it for less so why give more. EcE that's why they got rid of the Drive storage reward. I think they should've made it harder to get instead of removing it altogether. Chris Walton 3 months of google music.. for new subscribers only! Really? So the loyal users who put all this work into maps, and also likely to be into other google products, like music, get naff all Bit of a pointless incentive scheme nxtiak Yup... I've subscribed to Play Music since day one at $7.99, I've bought ALL the Nexus/Pixel phones and I don't get to take advantage of the free months they all come with. Wayren Wow. They really trashed the incentives for this program. catalysto They hardly do any events for Local Guides anymore either. They kind of dumped that onto us to organize for ourselves which is kind of lame. Tim Harman Of course, they're gotten all the data they wanted from us. It was always clear this would happen. In a few years when the map is super populated, they'll shutdown the LG scheme. catalysto I doubt that's the case; their data still pales in comparison to Yelp, for example. I think it's just Google's typical lack of follow-through. Adam Margeson Not so much lack of follow-through as always trying to take the lazy-man approach. Whatever method is most efficient and requires least effort on their part, including crowd-sourcing, and scrapping data if they find a slightly-more-efficient way, even if they can't use the existing data. EcE BTW #corrections: "nearly access to new features" early access to new features "Certain activities in Maps give you more point" points JG How about a "competition"... To see who gains the most when the new system is officially rolled out and our scores are modified to reflect the new system... At the moment, under the old system, I have 1,036 points... I'm predicting probably somewhere in the 5-6k range. YouNex No XerBlade No. That having been said, I jumped from 502 to 11807. A direct before and after based entirely on changing the way it's calculated, no new stuff added in between. Adam Margeson Funny. I jumped from 268 to only 1655. @JG: You've got too much time on your hands if you had over 1000 points on the old system. Or you live in an area that no one has filled in. Living in a well-mapped city leaves little to add without spending large sums of time nitpicking things. XerBlade The really big jump in my case was for one simple reason. Answers. Points are now counted per instance instead of per location. I've always answered every single question it gave me for every location in my timeline. On the old system, these were only counted once, meaning I was getting on average only 1 point for nearly every 40 answers. With the new weighted system, answers may be worth only 1 point, less than everything else, but that ceases to matter as much when I've got nearly 10000 of them. I had 264 points from them before. It doesn't take any fancy math to see where the big jump in overall points came from. Both before and after, answers have accounted for the majority of my points. Even moreso after than before. This is the potential of just the mere change of per-location to per-instance scoring. And considering in the past Google's little graphic that shows you how many total questions you've answered was from the very beginning of its implementation not capable of showing even a tiny fraction of my true total (it topped out at 3 digits before showing ">999", which it always showed for me from when it was first added), it's very possible Google was not expecting my sort of situation to happen. JG I probably do have too much free time... But I haven't really (I don't think at least) gone out of my way for this. Most of my points came from submitting pictures or as @XerBlade:disqus mentioned, answering questions. Whenever I went somewhere new I'd make sure to snap a pic of the store front and/or a pic inside. It was especially easy when my shop-a-holic aunt came with on a beach vacation the other year and we had to go to every souvenir shop on the island - even though a sane person should have noticed after the second or third shop they all had the same shirts, beer cozies etc... [And of course, on the way back home, we had to listen to her complain how my taking pictures (not her spending hours in each shop inspecting every shirt individually) caused her to only get to the beach twice the entire week we were there...] The only time I really went out of my way to submit stuff was semi-recently when Google had some contest to see which cities could be the most active. Spent the better part of an afternoon one weekend running around town submitting first-ever photos and filling in store hours/phone numbers etc using the "Discover Missing Info" feature. I figured my little middle-of-no-where town wouldn't make the list, but I had like 875 points or so... Figured I'd challenge myself to get to (or over) a thousand. YouNex 10 freaking levels ??? Adam Margeson Yup. We're doing the whole World of Warcraft thing and giving higher level caps now. /s Tomáš Petrík Is the new point-awarding retroactive? Will I get 5 points for each photo I have previously uploaded and 15 points for each place I have previously added? Karthik B yes you will. your earlier points would have been upgraded now Tomáš Petrík Yes, I just noticed a few hours ago. It wasn't converted yesterday, when I asked. I am suddenly Level 7 :) Jens Törnblad I really hope they convert our existing points to the new system. I have added a lot of missing places. Also the rewards are really bad now. I was promised an annual gift and put in a lot of work, but never got any gift other than the 1TB Drive for 2 years. Adam Margeson Check your points again. Looks like people's points are being recalculated based on all of your answers and edits. ast00 They should be giving people free Play cards. Andy I've given up contributing entirely since they reneged on their promise of an annual gift and stopped hosting events (it's maybe been 2 years since the last event they organised...) Why should I waste my time contributing to Google's content for free, in return for nothing? I know you're making money off this stuff Google ... how about sharing some of that? Or at least making me feel as though I'm important to you? No? Ok bye then! XerBlade Why should you? I don't know. For the good of your fellow Google Maps users maybe? You know, the only reason you should've been doing it from the start? [email protected] I don't care for this, but really active users should be able to get a Pixel phone/tablet for free. Shouldn't be that expensive for them. XerBlade It's live for me, but I've noticed something a bit off with it. It's fine on the Contribute page in the Google Maps app, but on the web, well, it looks like they forgot to replace a couple of the old strings. http://i68.tinypic.com/55mses.png oningam Regardless of incentives I keep on adding places and info useful to me and others mostly not related to commercial activities. BTW where are "Missions" for desktop? Brett Hayward I was a level 3 under the old system (almost 4) and just checked out my points. I am now a level 6 so ya, bonus. Captain_Invisible This updated system just got me from Level 4 to Level 6 😄 Michael D. I started adding places and correcting maps before the local guides program was announced. I just liked correcting and adding data I found useful. Then google started offering perks through the program. And some day they took them away. The truth is that all this data would be costly for google and they are getting it for free. I never cared much for those benefits, but removing them altogether is a joke. A true recognition of local guides' efforts would be giving them some, even small, PERMANENT storage space in Drive. 20 or 50 GB would do. All google have managed to do so far is remind me that the data I help them gather would otherwise cost them. A lot. PatQQ There should be some points awarded for the amount of views from your photos. Gautham Suki✓ⱽᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ From level 5, I'm promoted to level 7!! Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 173 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 34 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 148 1 Year Ago Today 5 years later, ADW Launcher 2.0 has been released - no, you are not dreaming - and it's insane 2016/06/16 7:10pm PDTJun 16, 2016 51 2 Years Ago Today Google Releases Topeka Demo Project For Android 2015/06/16 11:24am PDTJun 16, 2015 87 3 Years Ago Today Insult Your Friends In Style – Unicode 7.0 Standard Has 250 New Emoji, Including A Middle Finger 2014/06/16 4:21pm PDTJun 16, 2014 99 4 Years Ago Today [Weekend Poll] What's Your Preferred Tablet Display Size? 2013/06/16 12:08pm PDTJun 16, 2013 4 5 Years Ago Today Review: For Those Willing To Part With The EVO LTE's Paper-Thin Frame, Seidio's Surface, Active, And Convert Combo Cases Offer A Full Spectrum Of Protection 2012/06/16 12:56pm PDTJun 16, 2012 37 6 Years Ago Today Editorial: Android Tablets - Is It Just A Summer Fling, Or Are Manufacturers Here To Stay? 2011/06/16 5:30pm PDTJun 16, 2011 14 7 Years Ago Today Google Wants The Next Version of Android’s UI to Blow Your (And Manufacturers') Minds 2010/06/16 7:00pm PDTJun 16, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 176 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 90 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 30 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 115 queries | 0.817s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 14 June 2017 | MYT 7:00 AM Big investors, unfazed by techs' roller coaster, buy 'FANG' stocks Fund managers such as T Rowe Price and Federated Investors, who were already overweight the sector, said they were buying beaten-down so-called 'FANG' stocks – Facebook, Amazon.com Inc, Netflix Inc and Google-parent Alphabet Inc - during a two-day selloff that marked the largest tech sector decline in nearly a year. NEW YORK: Large investors, whose high exposure to large-cap technology stocks boosted their returns during the first quarter of the year, are doubling down on their investments even as stocks like Apple Inc and Facebook Inc stumble. Fund managers such as T Rowe Price and Federated Investors, who were already overweight the sector, said they were buying beaten-down so-called 'FANG' stocks – Facebook, Amazon.com Inc, Netflix Inc and Google-parent Alphabet Inc - during a two-day selloff that marked the largest tech sector decline in nearly a year. Google, Apple and other large tech stocks rose modestly in morning trading Tuesday. Jeff Rottinghaus, portfolio manager of the T Rowe Price Large-Cap Core Equity fund <PAULX.O>, said he has been adding money to existing tech holdings such as Facebook and Amazon because they are positioned to continue to grow over the next few years regardless of the direction of the overall economy. With other secular growth stories hard to find, "It's getting to the point where you have to say, 'What else do you want me to own?'" he said, adding that these companies continue to be up significantly year-to-date despite recent declines. Analysts expect the S&P 500 technology index <.SPLRCT> to grow its earnings by 12.4 percent this year, better than the S&P 500's 11.6-percent expected growth, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. About 40 percent of the stocks in the S&P 500 information technology index rose on Monday, including Qualcomm Inc <QCOM.O> and International Business Machines Corp <IBM.N>, which have lagged in 2017. "This tech selloff is a great buying opportunity," said Navellier & Associates Chairman Louis Navellier, who bought shares of Micron Technology Inc <MU.O>, Applied Materials Inc <AMAT.O>, Arista Networks Inc <ANET.N> and STMicroelectronics NV <STM.PA>. In the 8-year-old bull market, investors have consistently been 'buying the dips,' taking advantage of brief pullbacks in prices, so large-cap stocks have not seen a 10-percent correction in well over a year. Although stocks are expensive by historical measures, bullish investors say they are justified by growth in earnings and the U.S. economy, while historically low bond yields are also making stocks more appealing. COMEBACK OF THE 'TRUMP TRADE?' The stumble in tech comes a time when both mutual funds and hedge funds have taken outsized bets on the sector, helping push Facebook, Amazon, Apple and Microsoft to add a total $600 billion in market cap year-to-date. Tech stocks in the S&P 500 rallied 21 percent for the year through June 2nd, with the largest companies accounting for 46 percent of the S&P 500's 9-percent gain, according to Goldman Sachs. That rally sent some tech-heavy tech funds soaring. In May, Light Street Capital Management's $1.2-billion Halogen fund was up 11 percent and is up 42.6 percent this year through the end of May. The head of the fund, Glen Kacher, started his career at Tiger Management, Julian Robertson's famous fund. Yet concerns that fund managers had piled into the same stocks and stretched their valuations helped prompt a selloff that began Friday and continued through Monday, sapping 5 percent or more from companies such as Apple. Momentum-based technology stocks have "built a valuation air pocket underneath [them] creating cause for pause," Goldman Sachs wrote in a note Friday. Steve Chiavarone, a portfolio manager at Federated Investors in New York, said he saw the tech selloff as a sign that investors were feeling more confident that the Trump administration could pass infrastructure or tax legislation later this year. Last week's testimony by former FBI chief James Comey did not contain the sort of bombshell that investors had feared, Chiavarone said, prompting fund managers to rotate out of tech into sectors that have lagged. "It allowed folks to believe once again that Congress isn't going to be bogged down in a massive impeachment effort and could get some policy work done," he said, which would benefit energy and financial stocks that initially rallied following Trump's unexpected victory but lost their gains following Inauguration Day.- Reuters Tags / Keywords: Stocks , Earnings , Markets Related Stories You May Be Interested Ringgit lower against US$ early Friday Trading in Takata shares to be suspended Diary Malaysia Friday June 16 Aiming for the top How to avoid poor indoor air quality 10 last-minute IKEA styling tips for Raya Others Also Read Identifying financial alarm bells England ODI team not 'finished article' yet, says Root Apple Vacations to sue company over use of name Property Related advertisement Latest News Halal chocolate takes off as sweet-tooth Muslims want their fix Disney pushes further into China Singapore exports shrink again in May but electronics hold up Tencent’s hunt for Rovio could make for angry investors Chinese start-up Mobike gains US$600m Most Viewed in Business Lotte Chemical Titan to raise RM5.92b from IPO Hengyuan gets board's nod for RM684m Port Dickson projects Felda mulls plantation trust Tenaga, Axiata shore up KLCI amid weaker broader market, ringgit falls Ringgit lower against US$ early Friday Petronas signs on Johor Port unit to operate Pengerang jetty Top Glove 3Q net profit surges to RM77.7mil, pays 6 sen dividend HSBC investing over RM1b for HQ in Tun Razak Exchange EPF warns members of false messages, scams Eco World hits RM1.7bil sales advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Advertise CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis site in the world. Subscribe today! The future is now. About About Advertise Contact Us Our Team Important Media Network Electric Car Reviews Audi A3 e-tron Review BMW i3 Review BMW i3 vs Mercedes B-Class Electric BMW i3 vs Nissan LEAF vs Chevy Volt BMW i3 vs Tesla Model S 70D BMW i8 vs Tesla Model S vs Cadillac ELR vs Porsche Panamera S E-Hybrid vs BMW i3 Chevy Spark EV Review 2016 Chevy Volt Review Chevy Volt Cost of Ownership Review Fiat 500e Review Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive Mitsubishi Outlander PHEV Review Nissan LEAF Long-Term Review Renault Twizy Review Renault Zoe Review Smart Electric Drive Review Smart Electric Drive vs Camaro Tesla Model S Long-Term Review Tesla Model S P85D Review Tesla Model X Review #1, by Zach Tesla Model X Review #2, by Kyle Volkswagen e-Golf Review Volkswagen e-Up! Review Volvo XC90 T8 Review Exclusives All Exclusives CleanTechnica Reports CleanTechnica Reviews CleanTechnica Videos CleanTechnica Events Cleantech Talk (Our Podcast) Long-Term Nissan LEAF Review Long-Term Tesla Model S Review 70-Page Electric Car Report (Free!) Power Solar Energy News Local Solar Discounts How To Go Solar About Solar Energy Wind Energy News About Wind Energy Energy Efficiency Lighting LED Energy Storage Smart Grid Geothermal Energy Hydroelectricy Marine Energy Biomass Transport Electric Vehicles Electric Vehicle News Electric Cars For Sale In 2016 (US) Electric Cars Are Greener Tesla Motors Bicycles Benefits Of Bicycling Biofuels Cars Boats Mass Transit / Public Transit Trains / Rail Aviation Shipping Surprise! Search → NavigationGo Solar!Electric CarsSolar Power100% Renewable Energy?RSSAdvertise Clean Power Published on June 13th, 2017 | by Steve Hanley 0 Google Adds Peer Pressure To Project Sunroof June 13th, 2017 by Steve Hanley  New ideas struggle for acceptance. We are all fascinated by new technology but repelled by it at the same time. Peer pressure is a big factor in breaking down the barriers to new ideas. Early adopters lead the way, then the masses follow. Google is taking advantage of our human foibles by tweaking its Project Sunroof program to show people which houses in their neighborhood have rooftop solar systems installed. Peer Pressure Changes Attitudes Electric car advocates know the process well. People who have never tried an electric car have a raft of questions. What if I run out of range? What if the battery fails? What if it catches on fire? What if I want to drive to the coast tomorrow? Fossil fuel companies play on those fears to cement their competitive position. But once a neighbor parks an electric car in the driveway, the dynamic changes. “It happens at the street level, it happens within zip codes, it happens within states. It seems to be a common feature of human decision-making that crosses many boundaries,” says Kenneth Gillingham, a professor of economics at Yale University. It has nothing to do with age, education, income, or whether your parents voted for Ralph Nader. Suddenly, once one person has something, everyone wants it. The Project Sunroof Tweak Google’s Project Sunroof now adds a red dot to every roof that has a solar system in the neighborhood. Voila! Just by doing that, having rooftop solar doesn’t seem to strange anymore. Project Sunroof is a free online tool that makes it easy for people to obtain and use rooftop solar panels. With 60 million homes in its data base, it shows people how much sun hits their roof and how much solar panels could save them every month. Project Sunroof was started in 2015 by Carl Elkin, a Google engineer. “It highlights that, for many people, solar is often free. In many cases, including for my house, solar is better than free,” Elkin says. “People want to know: ‘What if there’s some hidden gotcha in the contract? Usually there isn’t. ‘Does this work for other people like me? Is solar really viable in my neighborhood?” With Project Sunroof, “You can zoom around through your town and understand how common solar is in your neighborhood. And many people have found — Wow, there is a lot more solar in my neighborhood than I’d realized. We want people to realize solar is absolutely part of the fabric of American life,” Elkin says. Rooftop Solar: The All American Choice Being able to see solar panels on a roof creates a big increase in interest from neighbors, but not all rooftop solar systems are visible from the street. The new Project Sunroof feature “tells you that people nearby have installed solar panels even if you can’t see them from the road,” Gillingham says. “It creates a social norm around solar panels,” he says. “When many people have solar panels around you, it’s a normal thing to do. You’re not going out on a limb by having a company come out and look at your rooftop.” Elkins says, “We want people to realize solar is absolutely part of the fabric of American life. Out of these many houses, each saving money, comes one solution to the environmental problem. Out of many, one. That’s a very American idea.” Source: The Atlantic Check out our new 93-page EV report. Join us for an upcoming Cleantech Revolution Tour conference! Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Flipboard (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to Press This! (Opens in new window) Tags: Google, Google Project Sunroof, new technology, rooftop solar About the Author Steve Hanley writes about the interface between technology and sustainability from his home in Rhode Island. You can follow him on Google + and on Twitter. "There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest." Elie Wiesel Related Posts The Future Of Buying Solar Will Be Consumer Empowered → Uber Axes The Former Waymo/Google Engineer At Center Of Ongoing Lawsuit (Anthony Levandowski) → Trump Campaign Used Social Media Manipulation, Says The Guardian → Waymo & Lyft Partnering On Self-Driving Vehicles → Back to Top ↑ Advertisement Click here to sponsor CleanTechnica. Bring your brand to millions of readers every month. Our Next Conferences! Berlin+Wroclaw — June 27–29 Warsaw+Lodz — November 8–10 Advertisement Top Stories On CleanTechnica Finally, Honda Electrifies Its Cub, Introduces EV-Cub (Don't Ask Production Date) Tesla Moves Into Nevada As The State Enacts Progressive New Solar Policies No, Really: Trump Administration Officially Bullish On Renewables, Bearish On Coal Coal Falls Hard As Renewables Continue to Surge, Oil & Gas Giant BP Reports Elon Musk Offers Details Of His Mars Colony Program Could India Really Become 1st Fully Electric Car Country? Keep up to date with all the hottest cleantech news by subscribing to our (free) cleantech daily newsletter or weekly newsletter, or keep an eye on sector-specific news by getting our (also free) solar energy newsletter, electric vehicle newsletter, or wind energy newsletter. Quick News Helsinki Bikeshare Program Triples After Successful Launch by Andrea Bertoli on June 9, 2017 at 10:10 PM Groups Challenge Certification For Mountain Valley Pipeline by Andrea Bertoli on June 9, 2017 at 10:05 PM Emflux Motors is Building an Electric Sports Bike by Andrea Bertoli on May 18, 2017 at 6:42 PM Advertisement Our New 93-Page EV Report! 30 Electric Car Benefits 10 Top Solar Facts Cost of Solar Panels Wind & Solar Prices Beat Fossils Advantages of Solar Power 7 Reasons Why Solar & Wind Win 50 Tips For Trolling EVs 44 Tips For Trolling Solar CleanTechnica Answer Box Search the IM Network CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis website in the US & the world, focusing primarily on electric cars, solar energy, wind energy, & energy storage. It is part of Important Media -- a network of 20 progressive blogs working to make the world a better, greener place. The content produced by this site is for entertainment purposes only. Opinions and comments published on this site may not be sanctioned by, and do not necessarily represent the views of Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc., its owners, sponsors, affiliates, or subsidiaries. Follow @cleantechnica © 2016   Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc. Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Advertise Back to Top ↑ Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor London Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out New Brunswick LIVE NB More Streams Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada NB Grade 4 Moncton student wins Doodle 4 Google prize 9-year-old Wesley Babin created a metal sculpture that represented his vision of Canada's future By Viola Pruss, CBC News Posted: Jun 13, 2017 7:40 PM AT Last Updated: Jun 13, 2017 8:37 PM AT Nine-year-old Wesley Babin says he got the idea for his Google sculpture by simply playing around with pieces of metal. (Credit: Guy LeBlanc) Related Stories 'We were completely blown away:' Google Canada praises Moncton fourth-grader's Google doodle design Canadian students asked to design Google doodle for Canada's 150th birthday External Links Google 4 Doodle (Note: CBC does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links.) A Grade 4 student in Moncton has won a prize for his 3D entry into the national Doodle 4 Google competition. Nine-year-old Wesley Babin of West Coverdale created a metal sculpture for the contest called "A Mechanical Canada," representing his vision of the country's future. Wesley did not win the first prize Tuesday — getting his design on the Google Canada website for a day — but he was one of four finalists from a total of 11,000 applicants. He won in the Grades 4 to 6 category, which made him "really happy and excited." National competition The Doodle 4 Google contest is a nationwide competition that saw students from kindergarten to Grade 12 share their vision of Canada's future for a chance to design a Google logo.  'We were completely blown away:' Google Canada praises Moncton fourth-grader's Google doodle design Canadian students asked to design Google doodle for Canada's 150th birthday The winner of the competition was Jana Sofia Panem of Ontario, whose design "A Bright Future" incorporated ideas of wind power as an alternative energy source. Panem will have her artwork featured on the Google Canada website on Wednesday and won a $10,000 university scholarship. The winners of each grade group also received a $5,000 technology award for their respective schools and a computer to take home with them. Only 3D design Wesley's mother, Denise, told CBC News earlier that the family learned about the contest while watching Daily Planet on the Discovery Channel. She said her son created little statues from pieces of scrap metal and old toys for three years before taking on the doodle project. Wesley said his Google sculpture symbolizes the technological advances he expects to see in Canada one day, he said. "I think there will be a lot of robots," he said after entering the contest. Wesley's 3D version of the Google logo represents his vision of Canada's future, which he says includes a lot of robots. (Doodle 4 Google) On Tuesday, Denise said she was proud of her son. Wesley was also the only one who submitted a 3D sculpture for the contest, she said. "They had received drawings but he was the only one that had something completely unique and that made us extremely proud," she said.  Denise said the family spent a busy day touring Toronto and taking in the sights before arriving at the Art Gallery of Ontario on Tuesday morning for the awards ceremony. Afterward, they were invited to tour Google Canada's headquarters, which made Wesley "the happiest," she said. "I loved it a lot," he said. Corrections An earlier version of this story said incorrectly that Wesley Babin won in the category for students in Grades 4 to 8. In fact, the category was for Grades 4 to 6. Jun 14, 2017 11:36 AM AT Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Fredericton Clear 6°C Saint John Mostly Cloudy 6°C Moncton Mainly Clear 7°C Bathurst Mainly Clear 4°C Oromocto Mainly Clear 6°C More Weather | Latest New Brunswick News Headlines Residents of N.B. town meet dogs during tour of suspected puppy mill Chief wants apology after Miramichi doctor posts 'disturbing' note to Indigenous patients Supreme Court edges closer to decision on Dennis Oland murder review 'A cloud over the town': residents oppose 2nd quarry audio Top Mountie says it was acceptable RCMP didn't have carbine rifles during Moncton shootings Must Watch Video "Hopefully it will go back to... normal behaviour" 0:58 A beluga whale was rescued near Bathurst Thursday and moved to its natural habitat in Quebec. Video Canadian prime ministers go pop art 0:53 Canada's prime ministers have probably never looked as vibrant as they do in this stylized portrait exhibit at Fredericton's Government House. CBC's Jacques Poitras takes you through it. Video Dart shirts draw the eye 2:03 At the national darts federation championships in Saint John, the unique team shirts take centre stage. Video Pouring rain and lightning blanket Saint John Monday night 1:07 CBC's Roger Cosman got up close and personal with lightning, flooding and even a rainbow to top it off in his travels Monday night. Top News Headlines 'The building wasn't safe': Angry Grenfell Tower fire survivors say their concerns were ignored video 'Tragedy brought us here': After shooting, bipartisan baseball offers a night for political healing Vice-President Mike Pence hires legal counsel for what Trump calls Russia probe 'witch hunt' Netflix tax? Trudeau says no to MPs' pitch for broadband internet levy read comments video 'She cried a little bit': Derek Saretzky details kidnapping and killing of child in interrogation video Most Viewed Top Mountie says it was acceptable RCMP didn't have carbine rifles during Moncton shootings Grade 4 Moncton student wins Doodle 4 Google prize Trapped male beluga carried ashore in Bathurst and flown to Quebec No-swimming advisory at Parlee Beach as temperatures soar Mystery proposal unveiled: Old Moncton High site would become new RCMP station Historic Saint John lighthouse destroyed by fire Moncton Market moves, library stays put: downtown takes shape Thousands without power in New Brunswick Beersville family lives without water, refrigeration after NB Power cuts electricity Rockets fired over Base Gagetown by New Hampshire soldiers 'I haven't done any repairs': 89-year-old widow in line for property tax refund Saint John wants province to consider esthetics of Reversing Falls Bridge suicide barrier Don't Miss Analysis 'The building wasn't safe': Angry Grenfell Tower fire survivors say their concerns were ignored 'Tragedy brought us here': After shooting, bipartisan baseball offers a night for political healing Vice-President Mike Pence hires legal counsel for what Trump calls Russia probe 'witch hunt' Netflix tax? Trudeau says no to MPs' proposed broadband internet levy 'She cried a little bit': Derek Saretzky details kidnapping and killing of child in interrogation video 2 Canadians wanted by U.S. police over brawl at Turkish ambassador's D.C. residence Lake Ontario levels unleash a flood of cross-border bickering Sex assault victim jailed after Crown, police refused to pick up hotel bill As It Happens 'It's just too much': Syrian refugee escaped civil war only to die in London highrise fire In Depth What the jury didn't hear in the William Sandeson murder trial PREVIEW E3 2017: Super Mario Odyssey makes a positive, wacky first impression CRTC bans cellphone unlocking fees, orders all new devices be unlocked Liberals ready to make changes to House rules on omnibus bills, prorogation Scientists make plastic from carbon dioxide and sugar More than 660 charges laid after early morning raids on Driftwood Crips gang Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
DigBoston Boston Arts Entertainment News Lifestyle Menu A + E Performing Arts Visual Arts Film Literature Comedy Comics DigThis Calendar ETERNAL SCULPTURES >>REMEMBER TO CHECK OUT OUR WEEKLY DIG THIS LISTINGS FOR THE BEST EVENTS OF THE WEEK! BLASPHEMY AND BANALITY: AN OLD FILM BY JOHN WATERS, A NEW ONE FROM SETH ROGEN FEEDING FRENZY: ANIMAL-SLASHER CINEMA, POST-AMITY ISLAND FETE FORWARD FRESHENS UP THE HUB’S FESTIVAL EXPERIENCE Close FEATURES Fiction Non-fiction Guides Specials AGE OF RAGE: MASS NATIVE PENS DEEP, COLORFUL PORTRAIT OF TRUMP NATION SUMMER BREW: NOTCH BREWERY & TAPROOM MASSROOTS: THE RELATIVELY SHORT BUT NONETHELESS INSPIRATIONAL HISTORY OF BOSTON FOR BERNIE Close NEWS+OPINIONS News Media Farm Blunt Truth Free Radical BROKEN RECORDS: THE GALL OF GALVIN >>STAY TUNED FOR UPDATES ON THE FIGHT FOR PUBLIC DOCUMENTS WITH OUR 'BROKEN RECORDS' TEAM BEYOND BLM HEADLINES: ON SEARCHING FOR MEANING IN FLAME WARS ROCKY MOUNTAIN LIE: AN UPDATE ON THE ETHICALLY BANKRUPT CAMPAIGN AGAINST LEGAL CANNABIS IN MASS APPARENT HORIZON: A WORSE FATE THAN GLOBAL WARMING Close MUSIC Interviews Reviews Notes from the Scene Run For Cover FOTOBOM: BRYAN FERRY @ BLUE HILLS BANK PAVILION >>REMEMBER TO CHECK OUT OUR WEEKLY DIG THIS LISTINGS FOR THE BEST EVENTS OF THE WEEK! A DIY STATE OF MIND: CHANGE, EXPERIMENTATION, AND THE GREAT LADYFEST GIG FOTOBOM: PEARL JAM AT FENWAY PARK SIMPLE MATH: WHY THE WORLD (AKA YOU) NEEDS MATH ROCK Close LIFESTYLE Shop Eats Drinks Honest Pint Bar Havoc FORGE ICE CREAM BAR >>REMEMBER TO CHECK OUT OUR WEEKLY DIG THIS LISTINGS FOR THE BEST EVENTS OF THE WEEK! ASHLEY’S SUMMER BREW: NOTCH BREWERY & TAPROOM JOHN BREWER’S TAVERN Close DAILYDIG Sign up here to receive daily e-mails packed with giveaways, exclusive offers, VIP invites, and more! Thanks for signing up! Email Address First Name Last Name Sign Up By submitting this form, you are granting: Talking Joints Memo, 186 Hampshire St, Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139, United States, http://www.digboston.com permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact. Close LISTINGS Close >> Home / NEWS+OPINIONS / News / CRITICAL UPDATE: LOBOTOMASS CONT. CRITICAL UPDATE: LOBOTOMASS CONT. June 13, 2017 By JONATHAN RILEY Leave a Comment Tweet   Subsidized Mass robot biz sold off   Two weeks ago, DigBoston and the Boston Institute for Nonprofit Journalism published an extremely long and horrifying feature detailing the bizarre history of a decades-old Central Intelligence Agency research facility called the Scientific Engineering Institute. In it, we noted that robotics company Boston Dynamics now operates next door to SEI’s former location in Waltham.   Last week, it was announced that Alphabet, parent company of Google, finalized its sale of the robot maker, which prior to being bought by Google in 2013 was heavily subsidized by the US Department of Defense. Rumors had been circulating for more than a year that Alphabet was looking to sell Boston Dynamics—possibly to Amazon, or as began to look more likely, to Toyota. Instead, in a surprise move, a different Japan-based corporation, tech conglomerate SoftBank, announced last Friday that it would buy the company for an undisclosed sum.   Softbank, maker of a robot named Pepper that can “read human emotion,” is apparently stepping up its involvement in the AI sector. The deal with Alphabet also included the purchase of another robot developer, the “secretive” company Schaft which, like Boston Dynamics, competed in the 2013 military-sponsored “DARPA Robotics Challenge” and was acquired by Google that year. So what you basically have now is a private American company pumped full of our tax dollars to create war machines getting sold to a multinational based elsewhere. As noted in our feature, titled “Lobotomass” since the general public often forgets these things (and for other, more obvious reasons), between 2010 and 2014, Boston Dynamics secured more than $100 million in Pentagon contracts.   Boston Dynamics did not respond to a request for comment on our feature, which noted that Google was looking to unload the business. Last week, however, the company’s founder and CEO Marc Raibert offered a rare public statement about the sale to SoftBank.   “We at Boston Dynamics are excited to be part of SoftBank’s bold vision and its position creating the next technology revolution, and we share SoftBank’s belief that advances in technology should be for the benefit of humanity,” Raibert said. “We look forward to working with SoftBank in our mission to push the boundaries of what advanced robots can do and to create useful applications in a smarter and more connected world.”   Masayoshi Son, SoftBank’s “eccentric” founder and CEO and Japan’s richest man, also commented on the sale.   “Today, there are many issues we still cannot solve by ourselves with human capabilities,” he said. “Smart robotics are going to be a key driver of the next stage of the Information Revolution, and Marc and his team at Boston Dynamics are the clear technology leaders in advanced dynamic robots. I am thrilled to welcome them to the SoftBank family and look forward to supporting them as they continue to advance the field of robotics and explore applications that can help make life easier, safer and more fulfilling.” Bio Latest Posts JONATHAN RILEY Jonathan Riley is a contributing writer to DigBoston. Latest posts by JONATHAN RILEY (see all) CRITICAL UPDATE: LOBOTOMASS CONT. - June 13, 2017 CRITICAL HISTORY: LOBOTOMASS - June 1, 2017 THE MASSACHUSETTS MEDIA’S COMPLICATED HISTORY WITH UFOS - February 2, 2015 Filed Under: News, NEWS+OPINIONS Tagged With: AI, Boston, Boston Dynamics, DEI, innovation, japan, Jonathan Riley, Lobotomass, Pentagon, robots, SoftBank, technology Other articles you might like on DigBoston... SPECIAL PHOTO FEATURE: #CONDEMBTA PRESS FAIL: AS GE CEO STEPS DOWN, BOSTON JOURNALISTS MUST DO THEIR JOB FOTOBOM: RYAN ADAMS @ BLUE HILLS BANK PAVILION, 5/10 FOTOBOM: AIR @ ROYALE, 05JUN17 About JONATHAN RILEY Jonathan Riley is a contributing writer to DigBoston. PRESS FAIL: AS GE CEO STEPS DOWN, BOSTON JOURNALISTS MUST DO THEIR JOB By JASON PRAMAS TERMS OF SERVICE: HOW TO ORDER A DRINK PROPERLY By HALEY HAMILTON SPECIAL GUEST COLUMN: THE RIP OFF By COLLEEN SAYERS TOUGH ROW TO HOE: LINDA NOEL DISHES DIRT ON CANNABIS FARMING By ANDY GAUS PUBLIC SQUARE: ALLIED FORCES By MIKE DESOCIO Tweets by @DigBoston SPECIAL PHOTO FEATURE: #CONDEMBTA… By DEREK KOUYOUMJIAN DELICIOUS (TASTE OF SOMERVILLE: THE INTERVIEWS)… By DIG STAFF INTERSECTIONAL POLITICS (A CRASH-NOT-ACCIDENT REPORT)… By KYLIE OBERMEIER IT’S ART, IT’S QUEER. IT’S HERE TO STAY… By HEATHER KAPPLOW CRITICAL HISTORY: LOBOTOMASS… By JONATHAN RILEY This Week's Issue in PDF format! November 3, 2016 - November 10, 2016. COVER ARCHIVE > ISSUE ARCHIVE > Masthead About Submissions Advertise Privacy Policy Customer Service Distribution About Us DigBoston is a one-stop nexus for everything worth doing or knowing in the Boston area. It's an alt-weekly, it's a website, it's an e-mail blast, it's a twitter account, it's that cool party that you were at last night ... hey, you're reading it, so it's gotta be good. For advertising inquiries: Sales@digboston.com To reach Editorial: Editor@digboston.com For internship opportunities: Internships@digboston.com Copyright © 2017 Dig Publishing LLC · Log in
Home News ﻿Celebrity 'Yes. Girl!' Podcast Black Celeb Couples Celebrity Moms Red Carpet ESSENCE Black Women in Hollywood Entertainment Fashion Fashion Week Street Style Accessories Beauty Best in Black Beauty Skin Makeup Nails How-To Hair Natural Relaxed Transitioning Weaves 4C Love Weddings Parenting Relationships Lifestyle A Day in Her Busy Beautiful Life Health & Wellness ESSENCE Eats Money & Career Entrepreneurship Travel News Future 15 Culture Politics Videos 7 Things ESSENCE Live Black Girl Magic Festival 2017 ESSENCE Festival Artists Buy Tickets! Woke Wonderland ESSENCE Festival Durban ESSENCE Africa Subscribe Facebook Twitter Pinterest Email Search Close ﻿Celebrity 'Yes. Girl!' Podcast Black Celeb Couples Celebrity Moms Red Carpet ESSENCE Black Women in Hollywood Entertainment Fashion Fashion Week Street Style Accessories Beauty Best in Black Beauty Skin Makeup Nails How-To Hair Natural Relaxed Transitioning Weaves 4C Love Weddings Parenting Relationships Lifestyle A Day in Her Busy Beautiful Life Health & Wellness ESSENCE Eats Money & Career Entrepreneurship Travel News Future 15 Culture Politics Videos 7 Things ESSENCE Live Black Girl Magic Festival 2017 ESSENCE Festival Artists Buy Tickets! Woke Wonderland ESSENCE Festival Durban ESSENCE Africa Subscribe Give a Gift Get our Newsletter Stay Connected Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram 'Lynching In America' Maps The Nation's Dark Past With Racial Violence By Veronica Hilbring Jun, 13, 2017 More than 4,000 African-Americans were lynched in the U.S. between 1877 and 1950. Now, Google and the Equal Justice Initiative are shedding light on America's dark past. With support from Google, the Equal Justice Initiative is bringing the groundbreaking research on America’s lynching past online. The interactive site, Lynching in America, is the brainchild of EJI,  founded by Bryan Stevenson. The Equal Justice Initiative is a nonprofit company challenging racial injustice inside and outside the courtroom. Based on EJI’s 80-page published report, Lynching in America: Confronting the Legacy of Racial Terror, this site combines research, data with the stories of lynching victims as told by their descendants.  This site allows visitors to explore an interactive map that features incidents of lynching and racial terror. It also explores the victims behind these acts of violence. RELATED: Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest in hair, beauty, style and celebrity news. “Google has been able to take what we know about lynching, and what we have heard from the families, and what we have seen in the spaces and the communities where these acts of terror took place, and make that knowledge accessible to a lot more people. To create a platform for hearing and understanding and seeing this world that we’ve lived through," EJI founder Bryan Stevenson said in a press release about the project. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ddum9-pdQpo&feature=youtu.be RELATED: Noose At Black History Museum Aligns With Increased Hate Incidents Across U.S.   One such family featured was that of Shirah Dedman. At the age of 32, Shirah was finally able to trace her family tree and learned the true story of her great-grandfather, Thomas Miles.  A Black business owner, Miles was lynched in Shreveport, LA in 1912 for allegedly passing a note to a White woman. His story wouldn’t come to light for several decades. RELATED: A Noose Was Found At The National Museum Of African American History In D.C. This new project is the company’s second project with Google. In 2015, Google granted EJI with $1 million to help fund the From Enslavement to Mass Incarceration Museum and its Memorial to Peace and Justice. This is only the beginning of several projects for EJI. With Google’s continued support, the National Memorial to Lynching Victims will open in Montgomery, AL in 2018. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYt0Z3Z7NqY&feature=youtu.be   “I don't think we can create a generation of people in this country who are truly free, who are unburdened by this legacy and this history of racial terror, until we do the hard work of truth-telling," Stevenson said. Read More More From Essence News No, Kamala Harris Wasn't Being 'Hysterical,' CNN Analyst Says News Russians Hackers Targeted Election Systems In 39 States News Here's How Obama Casually Congratulated Kevin Durant After His First NBA Championship Win News Attorney Hits Back Against Report That President Trump Is Under Investigation For Obstruction Of Justice News Someone Is Finally Being Held Accountable In The Flint Water Crisis News 5 Things To Know About Virginia Shooting Suspect, James T. Hodgkinson Filed under: News Latest News Kenya Moore Is Married! Details from The Real Housewives of Atlanta Star's Romantic St. Lucia Getaway Jun 15 LOL! How Regina Hall and Her Friend Survived A Girls Trip to Jamaica With Only $100 Jun 15 ESSENCE Fest Exclusive: Diana Ross Talks Legacy, Proudest Moments & What She's Looking Forward To About Performing In NOLA Jun 15 Exclusive: WizKid On His New Mixtape And Humble Place In International Hip Hop Jun 15 11 Waterproof Mascaras That Won't Give You Raccoon Eyes In Hot Weather Jun 15 The 'All Eyez On Me' Premiere Was A Star-Studded Event Jun 15   SUBSCRIBE TO THE MAGAZINE Plus, receive digital access and a free gift with your purchase! SUBSCRIBE NOW Sign Up To The Newsletter Get The Essence Newsletter and Special Offers delivered to your inbox! By clicking Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. ESSENCE MAKES A SPECIAL GIFT Share your love of ESSENCE with a gift subscription to the Magazine. Give a Gift! Follow us on Help and Information Our Company Customer Service Change Your Address Contact Us Job Opportunities Internships Media Kit Subscribe Newsletters Give a Gift of ESSENCE Magazine Tablet Edition More on essence Home Love Celebrity Beauty Hair Fashion ESSENCE Festival Essence.com is part of the Time Inc. Style Collection and the Time Inc. Lifestyle Network. © 2017 Essence Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Your California Privacy Rights | Terms of Use | Essence.com Advertising Terms | AD CHOICES
Home Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business & Economy Business & Economy Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Jobs Media Search form Search The Middle East’s Leading English Language Daily Search form Search Last updated: 1 min 57 sec ago Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Books Opinion Editorial Letters Media Jobs US seeks to seize more assets said stolen from Malaysia fund Police kill 2 militant suspects, arrest 3 in Pakistan British PM says Qatar should build on progress to address radicalisation Trump to announce plan to stop cash flow to Cuban military Turkey’s Erdogan furious over US warrants for aides in embassy brawl At least eight killed in Chinese kindergarten blast; 65 injured Bahrain court jails 26 over attacks on police Yemen cholera toll nears 1,000 as ‘humanity loses out to politics’ US travel industry: ‘America is open for travelers’ Eid Al-Fitr holiday begins today You are here Home Business & Economy ‘Indonesia reaches tax deal with Google for 2016’ Business & Economy ‘Indonesia reaches tax deal with Google for 2016’ /node/1114616/business-economy ‘Indonesia reaches tax deal with Google for 2016’ Reuters | Published — Wednesday 14 June 2017 A Google logo is seen in a store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., in this March 24, 2017 photo. (Reuters) JAKARTA: Indonesia has reached a tax settlement with Alphabet Inc.’s Google for 2016, the country’s finance minister said, following a months-long dispute over allegations that the search giant had not made enough annual payments to the government. A senior tax official had said in September that Indonesia, Southeast Asia’s biggest economy, planned to pursue Google for five years of back taxes and the company could face a bill of more than $400 million for 2015 alone if it were found to have avoided payments. “We already have an agreement with them based on 2016. But we cannot disclose the figure,” Indonesia Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati told reporters on Tuesday. It was unclear if both sides were still locking horns over Google’s taxes for other years. Google did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Indonesia is eager to ramp up tax collection to narrow its budget deficit and fund an ambitious infrastructure program. Other governments around the world are also seeking to clamp down on what they see as corporate tax avoidance. Last year, Google agreed to pay £130 million ($164 million) in back taxes to settle a probe by Britain’s tax authority, while Thailand is studying plans to toughen tax collection rules for Internet and technology firms. According to Indonesian tax officials, most of Google’s revenue generated in the country is booked at its Asia Pacific headquarters in Singapore. They also estimated that total advertising revenue for the industry in Indonesia was around $830 million, with Google and Facebook Inc. accounting for around 70 percent of that. But Google has pointed to a joint study by the company and Singapore state investor Temasek that estimated the size of Indonesia’s digital advertising market at $300 million for 2015. Senior executives from Google’s Asia Pacific headquarters also met Indonesian tax officials in October to discuss its tax bill, a person with knowledge of the matter said. JAKARTA: Indonesia has reached a tax settlement with Alphabet Inc.’s Google for 2016, the country’s finance minister said, following a months-long dispute over allegations that the search giant had not made enough annual payments to the government. A senior tax official had said in September that Indonesia, Southeast Asia’s biggest economy, planned to pursue Google for five years of back taxes and the company could face a bill of more than $400 million for 2015 alone if it were found to have avoided payments. “We already have an agreement with them based on 2016. But we cannot disclose the figure,” Indonesia Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati told reporters on Tuesday. It was unclear if both sides were still locking horns over Google’s taxes for other years. Google did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Indonesia is eager to ramp up tax collection to narrow its budget deficit and fund an ambitious infrastructure program. Other governments around the world are also seeking to clamp down on what they see as corporate tax avoidance. Last year, Google agreed to pay £130 million ($164 million) in back taxes to settle a probe by Britain’s tax authority, while Thailand is studying plans to toughen tax collection rules for Internet and technology firms. According to Indonesian tax officials, most of Google’s revenue generated in the country is booked at its Asia Pacific headquarters in Singapore. They also estimated that total advertising revenue for the industry in Indonesia was around $830 million, with Google and Facebook Inc. accounting for around 70 percent of that. But Google has pointed to a joint study by the company and Singapore state investor Temasek that estimated the size of Indonesia’s digital advertising market at $300 million for 2015. Senior executives from Google’s Asia Pacific headquarters also met Indonesian tax officials in October to discuss its tax bill, a person with knowledge of the matter said. Comments View the discussion thread. MORE FROM Business & Economy Migrants sending billions more home than in 2007: UN report NEW YORK: Migrants are sending home billions of dollars more than they did a decade ago — and the... Kingdom Holding buys 7% of Careem ride app RIYADH: Saudi Arabia’s Kingdom Holding Co. said Thursday it has bought a stake in car ride-hailing... Uber’s trucking ambitions in lower gear after Otto deal General Electric merges power units WorldRemit adds Android Pay as secure option for migrant remittances Investor concern over pace of growth hits shares Load more Oman Air rewards top performing travel agent Philips Lighting appoints new president for Mideast and Turkey Ride-hailing service Careem launched in Palestine Amadeus Saudi Arabia launches CSR initiative Mobily Business offers fleet management service Alkhabeer Capital named 'Best Workplace' in Asia Latest News Australian journalist shot in the Philippines, tweets photo of ‘lucky’ miss US seeks to seize more assets said stolen from Malaysia fund 16 views Police kill 2 militant suspects, arrest 3 in Pakistan 22 views British PM says Qatar should build on progress to address radicalisation 91 views Trump to announce plan to stop cash flow to Cuban military 186 views Turkey’s Erdogan furious over US warrants for aides in embassy brawl 469 views Opinion — Marc Martinez — Why some Iranian Kurds have joined Daesh against Iran — Fahad Nazer — The debate over US-Saudi arms sales — Anders Aslund — A magic wand for France? — Zaid M. Belbagi — Victoria College: A model to replicate — Carl Bildt — Urbanization 2.0 — Ray Hanania — Where is the Palestinian ‘Exodus’? More in Opinion MOST POPULAR Day Week Month Most Read Shared Eid Al-Fitr holiday begins today 7430 views Abu Dhabi mosque renamed ‘Mary, mother of Jesus’ in harmony bid 2049 views Expert: Timing of Qatar F-15 deal more procedural than political 1996 views Migrants sending billions more home than in 2007: UN report 1597 views US show of Saudi art aims to test perceptions 1530 views King to spend last 10 days of Ramadan in Makkah 1250 views Most Read Shared ‘There is no blockade... Qatar is free to go,’ says Saudi FM 58535 views New tax doubles price of cigarettes, energy drinks in Saudi Arabia 35170 views King Salman issues directives to cater for humanitarian cases in Qatar blockade 34017 views Qatar ready for talks to end crisis 30636 views Founder of Qatari Intelligence: US will never allow Iranian, Turkish presence in Doha 29712 views Iran fighting claims 22 lives 22196 views Most Read Shared Qatar in crisis as more countries sever ties 128049 views Saturday is the first day of Ramadan in Saudi Arabia 123531 views Man in red tie and 'Ivanka bint' Trump are Saudi Arabia's most trending topics 115097 views Dine like a king: Here is what President Trump had for lunch in Saudi Arabia 106523 views World's most expensive player marks fasting month by giving thanks to Allah 103695 views Classy and conservative: US First Lady Melania Trump praised for ‘elegantly respectful’ KSA look 68782 views Contact Us About Arab news Advertise Privacy & Terms of Service © 2017 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement.
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Entertainment Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Local Weather Traffic Closings National News Video Blogs Sports Phillies High School Eagles Flyers Sixers Blogs National Sports Video Business Entertainment News & Gossip Music Lifestyle Features / People Blogs Blogtown Food Obituaries Opinion Our say Sound off Letters to the Editor Columnists Blogs Blogs Staff Blogs Community Blogs Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Classifieds Public Notices Tools Contact Us Advertise with Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Order Photo Reprints Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription E-Paper Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education GasBuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â Entertainment NEW TO STREAMING AND VOD: Talent abounds in charming ‘3 Generations’ COURTESY PHOTO By Amy Longsdorf, For Digital First Media Posted: 06/13/17, 3:20 PM EDT | Updated: 2 days ago # Comments A quartet of terrific actors, including Susan Sarandon, Naomi Watts, Elle Fanning and Linda Emond, helps to turn “3 Generations” into something special. The plot is driven by the decision of a transgendered teenager named Ray (Fanning) to begin hormone therapy. Suddenly, Ray’s whole family, including his single mom (Watts) and lesbian grandmothers (Sarandon, Emond), begin re-examining their lives too. Ray is also forced to track down his estranged father (Tate Donovan), now newly married to a younger wife (Maria Dizzia), to get legal consent for the treatment. Not everything works but the movie survives its rough spots. It’s a charmer that’s true subject is forgiveness. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu Also New to VOD and Streaming Bitter Harvest: The agonies suffered by the Ukraine people under Russian rule are examined in this mediocre epic set in the years following the overthrow of Emperor Nicholas II. Max Irons stars as a Ukrainian villager who reluctantly leaves his girlfriend (Samantha Barker) behind to earn money in Kiev. But he winds up being thrown in prison and sentenced to death. At the same time, Barker and the townsfolk must deal with the Russian efforts to starve them into surrendering. With its attempts to spotlight a shameful chapter in Russian history, “Bitter Harvest” has its heart in the right place. But the movie is too simplistic to make much of an impact. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu Advertisement Heartland: Reeling from the death of her girlfriend, an artist named Lauren (Velinda Godfrey) returns home to rural Oklahoma to live with her mother (Beth Grant) who tries to force her back into the closet. It’s a tense situation made all the more edgy when Lauren begins to strike sparks with her brother’s girlfriend (Laura Spencer.) “Heartland” never condescends to its Midwestern characters, preferring to stress the human connection between them. Boasting fresh performances and quiet charms, “Heartland” is smarter and more nuanced than its plot might suggest. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu Aaron’s Blood: What would you do if your 12-year-old child turned into a vampire? That’s the premise of this surprisingly unique horror thriller which explores the nature of parental love. James Martinez stars as a phlebotomist and single father who realizes that his hemophiliac son (Trevor Stovall) is not the same since a blood transfusion. Suddenly, the youngster doesn’t need his glasses and is capable of lowering the boom on the bullies who torment him at school. Dream sequences aside, this vamp drama is a bloody good time. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu The Ranch - Part Three: Following his run on “Two and a Half Men,” Ashton Kutcher is back with another family comedy. Set in a small Colorado town, the series pivots on Colt (Kutcher), a failed footballer who returns home to oversee the family ranching business alongside his older brother (Danny Masterson) and father (Sam Elliott). The series, which co-stars Debra Winger, Wilmer Valderrama and Elisha Cuthbert, runs for ten episodes, several of which are about Colt’s inability to handle a tricky love. On Netflix. Beau Sejour - Season One: In this intriguing series from Sweden, Lynn Van Royen stars as Kato, a teenager who wakes up in a hotel room to discover her own murdered body. Even though she can’t be seen or heard, she is determined to find out what happened to her. The more she digs, the more she finds out that a lot of secrets are being kept by townsfolk in her supposedly picture-perfect rural community. On Netflix. For The Kids The Lego Batman Movie: Just as “The Lego Movie” was the most unlikely triumph of 2014, this superhero satire shocks with its sheer inventiveness. Even though the stars of the movie are Lego figures, they somehow seem as if they’re bursting with life, thanks to a combination of visual comedy and sly performances by the voice cast, including Will Arnett as Batman and Zach Galifianakis as the Joker. The movie takes aim at plenty of targets but Batman himself gets most of the ribbing. Yes, it eventually grows too busy but don’t let that stop you enjoying a feature that ranks as one of the year’s funniest comedies. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu. Dragonheart - Battle For the Heartfire: The third sequel to 1996’s “Dragonheart” revives the franchise with a handful of fresh heroes. The action pivots on the twin grandchildren (Tom Rhys Harries, Jessamine Bliss-Bell) of King Gareth, both of whom possess Drago the dragon’s unique strengths. Even though the siblings begin the adventure as enemies vying for the throne, they wind up joining forces after Drago’s source of power – the Heartfire – is stolen. Patrick Stewart voices Drago in this special-effects-driven adventure. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu. Teen Titles Collide: There’s a generic quality to this actioner which fails to offer anything out of the ordinary. Nicholas Hoult stars as a former criminal who back to work for a sleazy thug (Ben Kingsley) in hopes of funding a pricey medical procedure for his girlfriend (Felicity Jones). When Kingsley orders Hoult to rip off his boss (Anthony Hopkins), the heist goes wrong. Cue a series of wild chases on the Autobahn, all of which feature the same shaky camerawork that drains many other modern action movies of their impact. The best scenes all feature Hopkins and Kingsley who ham it up in a way that signals just what they think of the material. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu. On The Way To School: Here’s a documentary that tracks four youngsters on four continents who all share one trait: a thirst for knowledge. From the savannahs of Kenya to the winding trails of the Atlas Mountains in Morocco to the dizzying landscapes of Patagonia to the suffocating heat of Southern India, a quartet of determined pupils overcome all kinds of obstacles on their journey to the classroom. Director Pascal Plisson captures the kids’ odysseys as well as their maturation into smart and vital young men and women. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu. Subscribe to Home Delivery for only $2.50 per week! Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Daily Local News Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright © Daily Local News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google adds more Local Guides levels and ways to earn points Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/06/13 11:41am PDTJun 13, 2017 27 Plus 1 on G+ 122 Share on Facebook 35 Share on Twitter Total Shares184 Applications Google News Videos Google Maps has a lot of data, some of it contributed by users. Google is keenly aware that you can get people to contribute to a service rather easily as long as you give them points. The points don't even have to be good for anything, although Local Guides points do come with some rewards. Today, Google is adding new levels to the Local Guides program and offering new ways to earn points so you can reach these higher levels. Previously, there were only five Local Guides levels, but now there are ten of them. Levels four through ten also have a cool badge system. Badges are even better motivators than points. It's a scientific fact. As before, you can get perks after hitting level two that include nearly access to new features, and occasional discounts from Google and its partners. At levels four through ten, you get three free months of Play Music and 75% off a movie rental. Certain activities in Maps give you more point, like being the first to add a location. Starting now Local Guides can earn a smaller number of points from rating locations or fact checking other Guides. That's great, but can we get some more badges? Googleplz. Source: Google Blog Tags apps Google google maps local guides maps video subscribe ... Previous Story Google hires ex-Apple chipset veteran to help design SoCs for Pixel phones ... Next Story HMD Global launches Nokia 3, 5, and 6 in India Trending 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Chris Thurber Dang. I am only level 2, but those badges make me want to hit 10. (Not sarcastic) FelschR So what about past actions? Will we get the point difference? Frederico Silva Yes, they will convert the old points to the new system. johnforamerica Good! Since you can only add a location if you're the first to do so, ALL my added locations are worth more points. Wonder when these updated calcs are gonna hit... FelschR they hit me today^^ Nicholas Conrad I prefer the 2 years of 1tb of drive storage, thanks. MrCalifornia Yeah, make fun of it all you want but I saved $240 by agreeing to attach a bunch of my generic pics to places. Vlad I did that by modifying the schedules of all the McDrives in my country. They're 24/7. Just changed that from the lack of any at all. exadeci Google wins in the end, the storage doesn't cost them $240 and you are cheaper than a minimum wage worker. Nicholas Conrad Who's making fun? I genuinely prefer the free tb of drive storage I got. thomas sim I would prefer 'permanent' Drive storage upgrade, even small one. I have 19GB now, after my 2 years 100GB storage from HTC phone bundle expired free months ago. Daniel Do you need a credit card for the three free months of GPM? Chris Walton From the UK conditions - "Valid form of payment required at sign-up but will not be charged until the trial period expires" Daniel Darn, I was hoping they weren't gonna do that. LOL Fuск badges and points, give me free shiт you cheap basтards. One t-shirt and that's it? Wtf, I got 700 points already Suicide_Note Pfft. Amateur. JG I wouldn't complain if Google opted to convert our free bonus Drive space into free permanent Drive space... 1.019TB of cloud storage would be amazing! Or maybe some kind of discount on the new Pixel phones. If they want us submitting photos of local business, what better device to use to take the pictures than a Pixel 2 (considering Google has stated they plan to improve upon Pixel 1's already great camera)... EcE Nice wishlist. It would be great to keep the storage. I barely use it because I know it's going away. LOL Discount on Pixel 2..... keep dreaming :) 😆😄 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0bd6a2b693ce856e5dda0e36f8dbb306db6c0db24c441ef9a43fe5e2aad1b778.gif EcE "Valid for ONE 75% discount on a movie rental from eligible titles on Google Play" PFFT!! when I started three years ago, I was promised a yearly gift. Raymond Hawkins I know, right? Couldn't they at least have made it a free rental rather than 75% off? Really does not make it feel rewarding in any way. But then, maybe that's the idea -- they got too many people doing it for rewards and decided it was going to cost more than they wanted to spend. Or else that people would do it for less so why give more. EcE that's why they got rid of the Drive storage reward. I think they should've made it harder to get instead of removing it altogether. Chris Walton 3 months of google music.. for new subscribers only! Really? So the loyal users who put all this work into maps, and also likely to be into other google products, like music, get naff all Bit of a pointless incentive scheme nxtiak Yup... I've subscribed to Play Music since day one at $7.99, I've bought ALL the Nexus/Pixel phones and I don't get to take advantage of the free months they all come with. Wayren Wow. They really trashed the incentives for this program. catalysto They hardly do any events for Local Guides anymore either. They kind of dumped that onto us to organize for ourselves which is kind of lame. Tim Harman Of course, they're gotten all the data they wanted from us. It was always clear this would happen. In a few years when the map is super populated, they'll shutdown the LG scheme. catalysto I doubt that's the case; their data still pales in comparison to Yelp, for example. I think it's just Google's typical lack of follow-through. Adam Margeson Not so much lack of follow-through as always trying to take the lazy-man approach. Whatever method is most efficient and requires least effort on their part, including crowd-sourcing, and scrapping data if they find a slightly-more-efficient way, even if they can't use the existing data. EcE BTW #corrections: "nearly access to new features" early access to new features "Certain activities in Maps give you more point" points JG How about a "competition"... To see who gains the most when the new system is officially rolled out and our scores are modified to reflect the new system... At the moment, under the old system, I have 1,036 points... I'm predicting probably somewhere in the 5-6k range. YouNex No XerBlade No. That having been said, I jumped from 502 to 11807. A direct before and after based entirely on changing the way it's calculated, no new stuff added in between. Adam Margeson Funny. I jumped from 268 to only 1655. @JG: You've got too much time on your hands if you had over 1000 points on the old system. Or you live in an area that no one has filled in. Living in a well-mapped city leaves little to add without spending large sums of time nitpicking things. XerBlade The really big jump in my case was for one simple reason. Answers. Points are now counted per instance instead of per location. I've always answered every single question it gave me for every location in my timeline. On the old system, these were only counted once, meaning I was getting on average only 1 point for nearly every 40 answers. With the new weighted system, answers may be worth only 1 point, less than everything else, but that ceases to matter as much when I've got nearly 10000 of them. I had 264 points from them before. It doesn't take any fancy math to see where the big jump in overall points came from. Both before and after, answers have accounted for the majority of my points. Even moreso after than before. This is the potential of just the mere change of per-location to per-instance scoring. And considering in the past Google's little graphic that shows you how many total questions you've answered was from the very beginning of its implementation not capable of showing even a tiny fraction of my true total (it topped out at 3 digits before showing ">999", which it always showed for me from when it was first added), it's very possible Google was not expecting my sort of situation to happen. JG I probably do have too much free time... But I haven't really (I don't think at least) gone out of my way for this. Most of my points came from submitting pictures or as @XerBlade:disqus mentioned, answering questions. Whenever I went somewhere new I'd make sure to snap a pic of the store front and/or a pic inside. It was especially easy when my shop-a-holic aunt came with on a beach vacation the other year and we had to go to every souvenir shop on the island - even though a sane person should have noticed after the second or third shop they all had the same shirts, beer cozies etc... [And of course, on the way back home, we had to listen to her complain how my taking pictures (not her spending hours in each shop inspecting every shirt individually) caused her to only get to the beach twice the entire week we were there...] The only time I really went out of my way to submit stuff was semi-recently when Google had some contest to see which cities could be the most active. Spent the better part of an afternoon one weekend running around town submitting first-ever photos and filling in store hours/phone numbers etc using the "Discover Missing Info" feature. I figured my little middle-of-no-where town wouldn't make the list, but I had like 875 points or so... Figured I'd challenge myself to get to (or over) a thousand. YouNex 10 freaking levels ??? Adam Margeson Yup. We're doing the whole World of Warcraft thing and giving higher level caps now. /s Tomáš Petrík Is the new point-awarding retroactive? Will I get 5 points for each photo I have previously uploaded and 15 points for each place I have previously added? Karthik B yes you will. your earlier points would have been upgraded now Tomáš Petrík Yes, I just noticed a few hours ago. It wasn't converted yesterday, when I asked. I am suddenly Level 7 :) Jens Törnblad I really hope they convert our existing points to the new system. I have added a lot of missing places. Also the rewards are really bad now. I was promised an annual gift and put in a lot of work, but never got any gift other than the 1TB Drive for 2 years. Adam Margeson Check your points again. Looks like people's points are being recalculated based on all of your answers and edits. ast00 They should be giving people free Play cards. Andy I've given up contributing entirely since they reneged on their promise of an annual gift and stopped hosting events (it's maybe been 2 years since the last event they organised...) Why should I waste my time contributing to Google's content for free, in return for nothing? I know you're making money off this stuff Google ... how about sharing some of that? Or at least making me feel as though I'm important to you? No? Ok bye then! XerBlade Why should you? I don't know. For the good of your fellow Google Maps users maybe? You know, the only reason you should've been doing it from the start? [email protected] I don't care for this, but really active users should be able to get a Pixel phone/tablet for free. Shouldn't be that expensive for them. XerBlade It's live for me, but I've noticed something a bit off with it. It's fine on the Contribute page in the Google Maps app, but on the web, well, it looks like they forgot to replace a couple of the old strings. http://i68.tinypic.com/55mses.png oningam Regardless of incentives I keep on adding places and info useful to me and others mostly not related to commercial activities. BTW where are "Missions" for desktop? Brett Hayward I was a level 3 under the old system (almost 4) and just checked out my points. I am now a level 6 so ya, bonus. Captain_Invisible This updated system just got me from Level 4 to Level 6 😄 Michael D. I started adding places and correcting maps before the local guides program was announced. I just liked correcting and adding data I found useful. Then google started offering perks through the program. And some day they took them away. The truth is that all this data would be costly for google and they are getting it for free. I never cared much for those benefits, but removing them altogether is a joke. A true recognition of local guides' efforts would be giving them some, even small, PERMANENT storage space in Drive. 20 or 50 GB would do. All google have managed to do so far is remind me that the data I help them gather would otherwise cost them. A lot. PatQQ There should be some points awarded for the amount of views from your photos. Gautham Suki✓ⱽᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ From level 5, I'm promoted to level 7!! Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 173 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 34 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 148 1 Year Ago Today 5 years later, ADW Launcher 2.0 has been released - no, you are not dreaming - and it's insane 2016/06/16 7:10pm PDTJun 16, 2016 51 2 Years Ago Today Google Releases Topeka Demo Project For Android 2015/06/16 11:24am PDTJun 16, 2015 87 3 Years Ago Today Insult Your Friends In Style – Unicode 7.0 Standard Has 250 New Emoji, Including A Middle Finger 2014/06/16 4:21pm PDTJun 16, 2014 99 4 Years Ago Today [Weekend Poll] What's Your Preferred Tablet Display Size? 2013/06/16 12:08pm PDTJun 16, 2013 4 5 Years Ago Today Review: For Those Willing To Part With The EVO LTE's Paper-Thin Frame, Seidio's Surface, Active, And Convert Combo Cases Offer A Full Spectrum Of Protection 2012/06/16 12:56pm PDTJun 16, 2012 37 6 Years Ago Today Editorial: Android Tablets - Is It Just A Summer Fling, Or Are Manufacturers Here To Stay? 2011/06/16 5:30pm PDTJun 16, 2011 14 7 Years Ago Today Google Wants The Next Version of Android’s UI to Blow Your (And Manufacturers') Minds 2010/06/16 7:00pm PDTJun 16, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 176 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 90 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 30 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 115 queries | 0.817s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
printed June 16, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=19217 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Google Doing More to Promote the Best Apps Article Comments   Tuesday, 1:01 PM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Google today announced the launch of Android Excellence, a new section in the Google Play Store that highlights the best of the best in terms of apps and games. Google says, "The new collections will showcase apps and games that deliver incredible user experiences on Android, use many of our best practices, and have great design, technical performance, localization, and device optimization." Some of the first apps and games highlighted in the section include City Mapper, Evernote, Golf Clash, Hotel Tonight, Kill Shot Bravo, Pictionary, Pocket, Skyscanner, and Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes. The collections will be refreshed on a quarterly basis and will be located in the Editor's Choice section of the Play Store. more info at Google » Related Google to Add Family Friendly Tools to Play Store Google today said it plans to add a section to the Play Store that will make it simpler for families to find appropriate content. A new graphic, called the Family Star, will signify to consumers when content is rated for children. Google Play Store Update Hitting Android Devices Google has redesigned the Play Store and is pushing the new version to Android devices this week. The refreshed content store is significantly altered and makes locating apps, games, movies, TV, and music easier on the eyes thanks to new tabs. Google to Let Android Users Trial Games from Search Google gave developers a handful of new tools to improve the gaming experience for Android device owners. Perhaps the most significant of the new tools is one that will allow people to trial games for up to 10 minutes directly from Google search results. Android Apps Headed to Google's Chromebooks Google today said its Chrome operating system will soon have access to the Google Play Store and the Android apps therein. ChromeOS will support all Android phone and tablet apps, including games, productivity apps, and social networking. Google Play Games Adds Gameplay Recording Google today updated the Play Games app with the ability to record and share gameplay. The app supports the user-facing camera for recording commentary, and simple editing tools for trimming clips. more news about:   AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 2 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register email address username password Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > Nokia 6, Nokia 5, and Nokia 3: Our first take Nokia 6, Nokia 5, and Nokia 3: Our first take HMD's Nokia 6, 5, and 3 Android phones are now available in India By Julian Chokkattu — Updated June 13, 2017 10:56 am Subscribe Share Why have 1 room when you can have 2? Our favorite transforming homes These are the 10 greatest Porsches ever made Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you Nokia's back ... sort of. HMD is taking the reins, and the company is highlighting durability and battery life as highlights of its new phones. Update: All three Nokia phones are now available in India. HMD Global, the company licensing Nokia’s name, unveiled two new smartphones, as well as a feature phone to drum up the nostalgia factor for the iconic brand. The Nokia 6, which first launched in China last year, will be available globally. It will be followed by two lower-performing and smaller devices — the Nokia 5 and the Nokia 3. HMD said it’s committed to keeping up with the monthly security updates from Google for the operating system, as well as being timely with new Android version updates. Speaking of Android, all of these devices will have the Google Assistant now that Google is bringing its artificially intelligent bot to all Android phones running Android 6.0 or higher. All in all, the entire lineup seemed to be the best-built budget phones we’ve seen. Let’s take a closer look. Nokia 5 The sequence of names really don’t make much sense, but it’s not hard to figure out that the Nokia 5 is the middle child of the group. The 2.5d glass on the 5.2-inch display offers a 720-pixel resolution, and it feels durable thanks to its aluminum unibody. The screen offers extra visibility in direct sunlight thanks to a polarizer. The power button and volume rocker sits on the top right, and the bottom-front features capacitive navigation buttons. The middle button, however, doubles as a fingerprint sensor. The aluminum unibody really helps make this phone feel like a premium device — and you’ll certainly be surprised that it costs 189 euros (or about $200 U.S.). Powering the smartphone is Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 430 with 2GB RAM, which seemed to keep the phone running smoothly in our brief time with it. What likely helps is how the Nokia 5 runs stock Android 7.1.1 Nougat, but don’t expect to do any intensive multitasking or play graphics-heavy games. It sadly only comes with 16GB of internal storage, which is much lower than the standard offerings from phones in this price range. Thankfully, there’s a MicroSD card slot that supports up to 128GB of extra storage. It surprisingly has a massive 3,000mAH battery, which should keep this low-resolution device chugging along for quite a while. There’s only a single speaker (but thankfully a headphone jack), and at the bottom sits a MicroUSB charging port. It’s unclear why Nokia went with MicroUSB over USB Type-C, which a lot of other budget phones have adopted. At least there’s an NFC sensor, meaning you can use Android Pay. The rear camera packs 13 megapixels, and the front has 8 megapixels and a wide-angle lens. There didn’t seem to be much shutter lag, but we’ll have to explore the camera more when we get a review unit. You can choose from blue, copper, black, and silver for the Nokia 5. Nokia 3 The Nokia 3 is the most affordable of the lineup and also the smallest. An aluminum frame protects the 5-inch screen from accidental drops, but the back is made of polycarbonate. What’s remarkable is how Nokia makes this phone feel like it’s made of metal, as there’s a nice weight to it. Like the others in the series, the Nokia 3 follows a minimalist design. The back is plain, save the camera; the buttons are on the right, and you’ll find capacitive navigation buttons on the front. Like the Nokia 5, the device only has a 720-pixel resolution. It has a MediaTek 6737 processor with 2GB of RAM, 16GB of internal storage that again can be expanded up to 128GB by using the MicroSD card slot. It has a slightly smaller 2,650mAh battery, which charges via the MicroUSB port on the bottom. It also comes with an NFC sensor. The front and rear cameras both pack 8 megapixels, though the primary one has an LED flash. This Nokia 3 runs Android 7.0 Nougat, and it’s likely to get upgraded to 7.1.1, as the company said it would be committed to timely version updates from Google. There are white, black, blue, and silver color options, and the phone will only cost 139 euros, or about $147. Nokia 6 The Nokia 6 debuted last year in China, but it will finally be available globally. If you need a refresher on the specs, the 5.5-inch device is the only one of the trio to feature a Full HD display. The phone’s immersive sound comes via dual speakers and a dedicated amplifier with Dolby Atmos certification. The extra metal protection along the sides of the phone make it feel very durable, and the Nokia 6 truly does feel like a high-end phone, both hardware- and software-wise. Running Android 7.1.1 Nougat, the Nokia 6 is powered by the same processor in the Nokia 5 — the Snapdragon 430 — but it has an extra gigabyte of RAM. It also has more storage — 32GB to be exact, and MicroSD card support. It also carries the same 3,000mAh battery. You get a primary 16 megapixel camera with dual-tone flash, along with an 8 megapixel front-facing camera. There are five colors to choose from, but the the glossy Arte Black was specially made for the phone’s global release. It’s quite the fingerprint magnet, though. Other available colors are black, blue, silver, and copper. The Nokia 6 will cost 229 euros ($242), but if you want the fancy Arte Black special edition, you’ll have to shell out 299 euros, or $316. All three devices seemed to perform well, but what’s unique is their build quality. HMD seems to have gone extra lengths to make sure Nokia devices are still known for their durability. The devices also seem to have big batteries — when paired with low-end specs, that usually means you’ll see great battery life. We’ll have to dig deep when we get our review units. All three phones have launched in India, and are expected to launch in other countries in the near future, though we don’t yet know where. The Nokia 3 is available in India for 9,499 rupees, or $148, while the Nokia 5 is available for 12,899 rupees, or $200, and the Nokia 6 for 14,999 rupees, or $233. Highs Excellent build quality Stock Android Promise of monthly security updates, timely version updates Snappy performance Lows Design can be a little plain Poor internal storage capacity
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback HomeTop Share show ad Once valued at £2bn but now sold for £70m: British tech pioneer Monitise snapped up near rock bottom after losing battle with Apple and Google Monitise's shares were chased up by investors as a star of the UK tech scene But mobile phone payment pioneer hammered by Apple and Google stepping in Shares in the London firm have sunk 98% on their all-time high  By James Burton and Matt Oliver For The Daily Mail Published: 17:18 EDT, 13 June 2017 | Updated: 05:41 EDT, 14 June 2017 e-mail View comments A former darling of Britain's tech scene is being snapped up by American buyers after losing a battle with Apple and Google. Monitise pioneered mobile phone payments and was once a £2billion business which many expected to dominate the industry. But its value collapsed after giants Apple and Google muscled in with rival software backed by all the wealth Silicon Valley could muster. Rise and fall: Monitise's value collapsed after giants Apple and Google muscled in with rival software backed by all the wealth Silicon Valley could muster Shares in the Soho-based firm have crashed 98 per cent since their peak in early 2014, and the business is now being bought by Fiserv for just £70million. 'The tech sector is a particularly savage place to be because it moves so fast,' said Hargreaves Lansdown analyst Laith Khalaf. 'The likes of Apple, Google's parent company Alphabet and Facebook are so big they can afford to throw resources at designing their own stuff and buying competitors. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The £51bn tech stock sell-off: Second day of panic hits the... How Google shares smashed the $1,000 barrier: The tech... Google, Facebook and other digital giants could be forced to... How to fund your brilliant business idea: Six ways to raise... Share this article Share HOW THIS IS MONEY CAN HELP How to find and compare the best online broker or DIY investing platform 'If they decide to enter the market then competitors should beware because they have such deep pockets – Monitise might have been a £2billion company but Google and Apple can draw on hundreds of billions.' Founded in 2003, Monitise floated four years later and quickly became the toast of the City, winning backing from big hitters such as Visa, MasterCard and Telefonica. The firm developed a star-studded list of clients, with payment systems for Santander and most other UK banks, and tie-ups with well-known names including Premier Inn.  But envious eyes were watching from across the Atlantic – and in 2013, Apple began top-secret talks with Visa, MasterCard and US lenders about its own service. The proposals were deemed so sensitive that one firm involved, Wall Street giant JP Morgan, held all discussions in a windowless 'war room' to prevent details from leaking out. Of the 300 people who the bank set to work on the project, only 100 were told that Apple was the partner. Apple Pay is a sign of how the tech giants have their eyes on the lucrative finance world The iPhone maker finally announced its plans to enter the market with Apple Pay on September 9, 2014.  Nine days later, Visa said it was looking to reduce its stake in Monitise – sending shares crashing around 35 per cent. Google launched its Android Pay system the same year, hammering another nail into the company's coffin. Meanwhile, losses were stacking up and bosses were jumping ship.  Monitise issued three profit warnings in 12 months, co-founder Alastair Lukies – a former professional rugby player – quit, and his replacement Elizabeth Buse departed soon afterwards, quickly followed by chief finance officer Brad Petzer. Since midway through 2015, it has lost £528million.  The firm put itself up for sale two years ago. Chief executive Lee Cameron, who earned £344,000 in the year to June 30, 2016, said Monitise clients would be 'served well' by Wisconsin-based Fiserv whose offer of 2.9p per share is 26 per centmore than the company's 2.3p closing price before the deal was announced.  Fiserv, whose boss Jeffery Yabuki was paid £7.8million in 2015, is the latest foreign firm to buy a UK company after the fall in the pound following the Brexit vote made British companies look cheap.  There are concerns the UK is bad at supporting tech companies once they get beyond being a start-up. Many struggle to find the billions of pounds needed to reach the next level in the City, and are forced into the arms of the Silicon Valley giants so they can carry on growing. TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS 0.25% funds fee £1.50 fund dealing Free fund dealing Master portfolios £80 flat annual fee Fees back in trades Free fund dealing £7.50 share dealing £4.95 dealing No annual fee   Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched Money videos Jaguar Land Rover teases the opening of its classic car tour Unsettling digital safety advert will make you think twice online Is this the best car used advert ever? Vitara gets CGI treatment Instant karma!: Thief stopped by lorry driver's quick thinking Investing Show: Are stockmarkets too expensive? The world's largest luxury car 'Vending Machine' in Singapore Rolls-Royce showcases its bespoke capabilities in stylish car Jaguar Land Rover introduces Andy Wallace as it's new test driver Sterling plummets after a hung parliament is announced Footage showing the amazing evolution of the Porsche 911 Carrera How should investors deal with the UK election result? Honda Civic Type R smashes Nurburgring lap record The energy deal that promises you'll never be ripped off:... Sofa retailer DFS sees its shares tank after it warns... MARKETS CLOSE: Interest rates held at 0.25% but committee... Is a rate hike closer than we thought? Pound jumps as... Majestic Wine suffers £1.5million loss as overhaul... MARKET REPORT: Stores sink as FTSE 250 has its worst day... Anger as tycoon snatches back tech firm Fusionex from... H&M reports slowing sales as 'tough conditions' and... Vince Cable accuses Nationwide of behaving like a... ALEX BRUMMER: Why interest rates will soon rise as the... Interest rates held at 0.25% but THREE of the eight Bank... Fallen digital star Monitise in takeover dispute as... DAILY BRIEFING: Gemfields makes record revenues of £42.9m... Google launches £235m medical fund to back drug pioneers... Fast fashion label Quiz gears up for £200m float as it... The £51bn tech stock sell-off: Second day of panic hits... Shamed insurance claims firm facing High Court battle... End of cheap cash as US hikes rates: Fed raises its... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 0 Share what you think No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Newsletter Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Online investing tool Buy and sell shares and ETFs from £5 Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance No platform fee £4.95 dealing, £15 min quarterly trading fee Low annual charge 0.25% funds fee and £1.50 fund dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge THE INVESTING SHOW Is it time to invest in Europe? It's not fixed yet, warns Tom Becket John Redwood: Has the French election rescued the euro? Will shares go off the boil or keep on rising? Tips to choose the best funds for your Isa Can you profit from the growing Chinese middle-class? We meet Fidelity China Special Situations manager Dale Nicholls Asset allocation - how to make sure all your eggs are not in one basket Emerging markets manager who returned 60% in a year: We meet Templeton's Carlos Hardenberg Where to invest for income and how to spot the best dividends How to profit from property in the world's best cities Should investors worry about political upheaval? Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Is now a good time to buy emerging markets?             DON'T MISS Don't get stuck in the inheritance tax maze We answer the questions you must ask to pass on as much as possible. The Jaguar designed for shopping excursions, dogs and golf weekends The new XF Sportbrake is the British brand's new (and only) big-booted car. 'Brexit bonds' launched offering savers 3% interest - but only if they can correctly guess if leaving the EU will leave the pound higher or lower Jaguar Land Rover takes us inside its new £7m home where iconic British cars will be restored, recreated and serviced The factory where classic car dreams are made. Care homes probed over fears some charge families after a resident has died and ask elderly people to leave at short notice Rise in prices outstripping savings rates Blow to savers as inflation hits 2.9% a year. Three mobile snatched £616 from my bank AFTER contract ended because I didn't use the right code ASK TONY. HMRC warning over rebate text scam Taxpayers told to ignore messages claiming they're owed a payment.. Lenders charging homeowners up to £225 just to close account once mortgage is repaid Banks' nice little earner. Avoid the travel money card traps You may think they make you a savvy spender but beware fees for not using them, weekend spending - and cash. Beware this phishing email sent by scammers who pretend to be the DVLA offering you a £240 car tax refund 'Mix and match' Isa that lets you split your cash between multiple accounts launched by challenger bank Charter Savings. Could a message sent to you on social media lead to fraud? How criminals are combing online profiles to scam you  Inflation is NOT always the enemy... it can actually be good for savings and business ALEX BRUMMER Aren't house prices meant to be cooling? Property inflation is highest since October And it's Dartford that is the hotspot Are stockmarkets too expensive to invest right now? The Investing Show takes a look and we reveal CAPE ratios MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Seek dividends from the brands that won't let you down in a crisis MIDAS SHARE TIPS: With bad old days behind it, Lloyds is a solid income play MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE:Shares in overdrive as music retailer Gear4music pumps up volume MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Specialist insurer Global Benefits Group proves it's really going places MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Data-gathering specialist GB Group soars SIXTEEN fold MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Infrastructure giant HICL drives up income from Denver toll to the Home Office MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Ambitious cyber security firm ECSC is booming as sales team launches own attack MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Financial adviser Mattioli Woods spreads its wings and sees shares surge MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Wellness firm Venture Life Group expands as it appeals to well-heeled over-40s MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Rising sales (and a facelift) inject new life into Botox rival Sinclair Pharma MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Sirius Minerals digs deep to mine in the Yorkshire Moors MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Plug in to infrastructure fund International Public Partnerships as it raises £250m         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS L&G UK SPECIAL SITUATIONS: The fund that rewarded investors with returns of almost 50% over the past three years BLACKROCK STERLING STRATEGIC BOND: The fund that takes advantage of credit 'sweet spot' MITON UK VALUE OPPORTUNITIES: Andrew Jackson pilots fund away from UK to take advantage of weak pound SMITH & WILLIAMSON ENTERPRISE: Fund aims for certainty on returns, but has cut its target SANLAM FOUR MULTISTRATEGY: Stay positive... the principle that guides a diverse fund SECURITIES TRUST OF SCOTLAND: How bricks and mortar are helping fund rebuild its fortunes WAVERTON PORTFOLIO: Fund increases UK exposure in anticipation of a stronger pound SVM UK OPPORTUNITIES: The outperforming minnow fund that lives in the shadow of 'super-tankers' JP MORGAN JAPANESE INVESTMENT TRUST: Forget laptops, my Japanese trust fund is all about robots and ski slopes ARTEMIS GLOBAL INCOME: Heading west with Wells Fargo - the successful Danish fund manager on a golden trail FOREIGN & COLONIAL INVESTMENT TRUST: 'Conductor' Niven keeps world's oldest trust in perfect harmony CRUX EUROPEAN SPECIAL SITUATIONS: The new kid on the block run by an old hand (who loves Playing FTSE) JUPITER EMERGING EUROPEAN OPPORTUNITIES: Fund fights back as the revolution begins for Russian share values         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   Property inflation hits highest level since October   What is euro clearing and why does it matter?   'DVLA' email scam promises car tax refund   Best ways to avoid travel money rip-offs   Are stock markets now too expensive to invest in?   'My dad deferred his pension - can we claim it?' Latest from Markets MARKET REPORT: Stores sink as FTSE 250 has its worst day in a year, tumbling by 2.1% DAILY BRIEFING: Gemfields makes record revenues of £42.9m in ruby auction CITY DIARY: The Kate effect wanes for Temperley as the fashion house posts £4m in losses Anger as tycoon snatches back tech firm Fusionex from investors as its value plunges £116m MARKETS CLOSE: Interest rates held at 0.25% but committee is now split 5-3 due to inflation fears; FTSE finishes in red and pound at $1.28 H&M reports slowing sales as 'tough conditions' and strong competition from rivals takes a toll Majestic Wine suffers £1.5million loss as overhaul continues leaving shareholders with a bitter aftertaste Sofa retailer DFS sees its shares tank after it warns profits will be hit by 'economic uncertainty' End of cheap cash as US hikes rates: Fed raises its benchmark 0.75% and 1% to between 1% and 1.25% Wealth firm Charles Stanley gets back in the black as turnaround strategy starts to reap rewards MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Andy Rubin on AmbientOS, future Essential products and AR [Interview] Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far June 13 GOOG: 953.40 10.50 Pixel Launcher passes 1 million installs on Play Store, (very) roughly depicts device sales Abner Li - Jun. 13th 2017 1:43 pm PT @technacity Google Pixel Pixel Launcher View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Yesterday afternoon, the Pixel Launcher surpassed one million installs according to its Play Store listing. You might assume this means Google has sold 1 million Pixel phones, and for that you’d be partially correct. For a variety of reasons, it’s unlikely that this install count directly correlates to sales figures for the Pixel and Pixel XL. Nintendo Switch Since the Pixel release last October, the install count for the Launcher has slowly grown before staying firm at the 500,000 – 1,000,000 range for past few months. In passing into the 1-5 million tier, it’s safe to assume that somewhere in the realm of a million Pixel and Pixel XLs have installed the device-specific launcher. Here’s how Google defines this figure: Total number of unique users who have ever installed this app on one or more of their devices. Only one install is counted per user, regardless of how many different devices they installed it on. Includes users who uninstalled the app later. So it goes without saying that this install count doesn’t actually correlate to the real number of units that Google sold in the past eight months. It could be a bit higher in theory, but it’s probably lower. Anecdotally, upon setting up my Pixel last October, the Pixel Launcher did not appear in my app library until I manually searched for the listing to accept an update. Similar cases could occur depending on people’s update settings. On the other hand, some resold Pixel devices could see two downloads for one device. Or people could be using multiple accounts on a single device. Or custom ROMs could allow installs on non-Pixel devices. Assuming a ~1 million figure, sales estimates from the fourth quarter of 2016 alone tell us that that’s when the bulk of these sales happened. Estimates for the US from investment bank Evercore ISI predicted that Google shipped 552,000 units during the three month period that included the holiday season. Abner Li @technacity Is interested in the minutiae of Google and Alphabet. Tips/talk: abner@9to5g.com Favorite Gear Fitbit Charge 2 Breath of the Wild Jaybird X3 Guides Google Pixel View THe Guide Pixel Launcher View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Andy Rubin on AmbientOS, future Essential products and AR [Interview] Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far June 13 GOOG: 953.40 10.50 Google is testing out a new Material Design look for notifications on Chrome OS Ben Schoon - Jun. 13th 2017 1:24 pm PT @NexusBen Apps & Updates Chrome/OS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The Chrome OS Canary channel is full of things that Google is testing out for the future of Chrome OS, and right now there are quite a few adjustments to the UI based on Google’s Material Design. The latest, just recently discovered, is a UI revision for notifications. The best gifts for Android users First spotted by Chrome Story, the Canary channel of Chrome OS has recently added a new flag which changes the way notifications look. Before enabling the flag, notifications have the same look they’ve had since Chrome OS debuted, and the same one seen with Chrome on Windows. With the redesign, notifications get a more streamlined look with rounded corners and cleaner icons, as well as condensing actions into that notification. In a way, things look a bit unfinished, but this is a change in its very early days. It’s entirely possible that things could change by the time this hits other Chrome OS channels, but the overall Material-inspired look will probably remain. To test this out on your machine, you’ll need to be on the Canary channel (not recommended) and enable the flag #enable-message-center-new-style-notification. Ben Schoon @NexusBen Ben is a writer for 9to5Google who can also be found over on the 9to5Google YouTube channel and on Twitter @NexusBen. Favorite Gear Pixel XL Gear S3 Frontier Huawei Mate 9 Guides Chrome/OS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Jakarta reaches tax settlement with Google for 2016 On the tax settlement with Google, Indonesia Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati told reporters yesterday: “We already have an agreement with them based on 2016. But we can’t disclose the figure.” PHOTO: REUTERS PublishedJun 14, 2017, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4bhQ Copy Unclear if both sides still locking horns over search giant's taxes for other years JAKARTA • Indonesia has reached a tax settlement with Google for 2016, the country's finance minister said, following a months-long dispute over allegations the search giant had not made enough annual payments to the government. A senior tax official had said in September that Indonesia planned to pursue Google for five years of back taxes and the firm could face a bill of over US$400 million (S$553 million) for 2015 alone if it were found to have avoided payments. "We already have an agreement with them based on 2016. But we can't disclose the figure," Indonesia Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati told reporters yesterday. It was unclear if both sides were still locking horns over Google's taxes for other years. Google did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Indonesia is eager to ramp up tax collection to narrow its budget deficit and fund an ambitious infrastructure programme. Other governments worldwide are also clamping down on what they see as corporate tax avoidance. Last year, Google agreed to pay £130 million (S$228 million) in back taxes to settle a probe by Britain's tax authority, while Thailand is studying plans to toughen tax-collection rules for Internet and technology firms. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up According to Indonesian tax officials, most of Google's revenue generated in the country is booked at its Asia-Pacific headquarters in Singapore. They also estimated that total advertising revenue for the industry in Indonesia was US$830 million, with Google and Facebook accounting for around 70 per cent of that. But Google has pointed to a joint study by the company and Singapore investor Temasek Holdings that estimated the size of Indonesia's digital advertising market at US$300 million for 2015. Senior executives from Google's Asia-Pacific headquarters also met Indonesian tax officials in October to discuss its tax bill, a person with knowledge of the matter said. A senior tax official had said in September that Indonesia planned to pursue Google for five years of back taxes and the firm could face a bill of over US$400 million (S$553 million) for 2015 alone if it were found to have avoided payments. REUTERS A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on June 14, 2017, with the headline 'Jakarta reaches tax settlement with Google for 2016'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  INDONESIA GOOGLE More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4bhQ Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content noble_a126226_2017june12_300x200_st_native.jpg Bangkok is now a desirable living, investment choice starhub_a126125_2017june05_strosnative.jpg French Open…here’s what you never knew vitagen_a126212_2017jun05_300x200_st_native.jpg IBS: What you need to know and how to seek help Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Gerson Bakar, developer behind SFMOMA and Mission Bay, dies SF planners OK Market-Van Ness condo high-rise Trump says Congressman Scalise ‘in some trouble’ after Motive elusive in UPS shooting; witness says gunman said nothing News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Tech stocks trip away from highs, but few expect bigger drop Australia to hold first nationwide gun amnesty in 21 years From bleeps of 'Pong' and 'Mario,' game music comes of age Conspiracy theorist vows to release full Kelly interview Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors A’s fire longtime pitching coach Curt Young 'Champs Again': Own Tuesday's historic Chronicle page The prodigy: Judge on display in Oakland Matt Chapman’s callup a big step in A’s youth movement Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF California clamps down on natural gas leaks from pipelines Nursing facility at St. Luke’s to close Business News Roundup, June 16 SF’s Codeword club closes in bid to keep DNA Lounge afloat A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do How to enjoy Monterey while at this year’s Monterey Pop The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife ‘Book of Henry’ a warm family portrait undermined by Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Alicia Silverstone urges Ghirardelli Chocolate to go dairy-free Locol closes Uptown Oakland location Bay Brews: Local, Temescal celebrate birthdays and GABF nixes New Bay Area restaurant serves eight diners per night, for $400 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities How to celebrate the Summer Solstice in the Bay Area Woman moves NASA T-shirts from boys' section to girls' at big-box Contemporary living at Potrero's ‘jewel on the hill’ 1st public rock climbing wall unveiled at renovated Glen Canyon Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Shasta-Cascade lodging comes with lore Explore Hawaii Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Grand views in SF’s Cow Hollow neighborhood Carmel Valley home listed for $1.6 million comes with its own Fire damaged Seacliff fixer-upper manse lists for $3M Calistoga estate exudes Napa style Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Modern cars aren’t hurt by idling to warm up Saluting Bakersfield car culture with Mustang Bullitt Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to leave your job gracefully Your summer job is really a long interview Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Google-retiring-self-driving-bubble-car-11217265.php Google retiring self-driving bubble car By David R. Baker Updated 1:58 pm, Tuesday, June 13, 2017 Photo: Eric Risberg, Associated Press Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Waymo, the self-driving division of Google’s parent company Alphabet, announced this week that it will retire its classic bubble-shaped autonomous cars. Instead, Waymo will use a fleet of self-driving Chrysler Pacifica minivans to continue perfecting the technology. less Waymo, the self-driving division of Google’s parent company Alphabet, announced this week that it will retire its classic bubble-shaped autonomous cars. Instead, Waymo will use a fleet of self-driving ... more Photo: Eric Risberg, Associated Press Google retiring self-driving bubble car 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Google’s bubble-shaped, robotic car — for years viewed as a glimpse of the future — will soon be a thing of the past. Waymo, the self-driving unit of Google’s parent company Alphabet, reported this week that it will retire its fleet of the tiny cars, which it designed and built from scratch to test autonomous technology. Instead, the company will rely on its new fleet of 600 specially built Chrysler Pacifica minivans to continue self-driving tests. The bubble-shaped prototype, nicknamed Firefly by its creators, captivated public attention when it first appeared in 2014. The initial version lacked a steering wheel until California officials insisted the company add one. An early design even included a backwards-facing front seat, pointed at passengers in the rear instead of the road. Fears of motion sickness led the designers to cast that feature aside, according to a post published Monday on the Medium website by YooJung Ahn, Maymo lead industrial designer, and Jaime Waydo, lead systems engineer. Geek.com has reported that Self-driving car development firm Waymo reportedly inked a deal with ride-hailing service Lyft to bring autonomous vehicle technology to the public. A Lyft spokeswoman, told the New York Times that “Waymo holds today’s best self-driving technology, and collaborating with them will accelerate our shared vision of improving lives with the world’s best transportation. Media: WochIt Media The Firefly has become a frequent sight on the streets surrounding Waymo’s Mountain View offices. But Silicon Valley residents nostalgic for the car will still be able to see it. Waymo is donating some of the cars to the Computer History Museum in Mountain View and the Design Museum in London. “Firefly has taken us on an incredible journey over the last three years, and we’re looking forward to sharing this bit of self-driving history with the world,” Ahn and Waydo wrote. David R. Baker is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: dbaker@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @DavidBakerSF Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. SHOOTING AT SF UPS BUILDING Motive elusive — witness says UPS gunman didn’t say a word Slain driver Wayne Chan was ‘UPS at its best’ UPS shooting victim Louie was beloved coach Police identify UPS gunman as SF man LATEST NEWS Bat-Signal lights up LA in tribute to Adam West Dept. of Energy to close climate technology office For the first time ever, climbers ascend El Capitan naked Ex-Antioch cop admits using dead people’s IDs Time magazine story 'Uber Fail' features company's woes Legislature OKs $125B budget with unuusal provision Jury awards $1M to man bit by police dog while rescuing cat Woman who stole $187K from SF high school pleads guilty Draymond spices up Warriors’ celebration Who was pregnant fan at Warriors parade? Warriors fans' signs get creative, throw shade Crowds pack streets to celebrate Warriors Dray spills the beans on Klay's 'trap house' Warriors parade spawns championship-caliber memes Draymond trolls the Cavs with T-shirt, LeBron responds Special counsel is investigating Kushner's business dealings Trump lashes out at Russia probe; Pence hires a lawyer After a crippling fire, El Gran Taco Loco rises in the Excelsior Chef circles back to childhood with Iranian breads TODAY'S TOP PICKS Inside the most rebellious Victorian in Alamo Square Marin County teen has saved nearly $100,000 The most titillating items being sold at Kink.com porn prop sale Most Popular 1 Who was that pregnant Warriors fan attending the parade? 2 Big surprise: Green spices up Warriors’ celebration 3 Motive elusive in UPS shooting; witness says gunman said nothing 4 Was the crowd at the Warriors parade really bigger than the... 5 Draymond trolls the Cavs with his parade T-shirt, sparking a... 6 Here's what Steph's 'Made That Old' shirt means 7 Yosemite bear tries to cross creek, gets swept into waterfall 8 Ted Nugent Promises to Stop ‘Hateful Rhetoric’ After... 9 Slain driver Wayne Chan was ‘UPS at its best’ 10 Martins Beach gate closure seems to draw little sympathy in court View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google has only sold about one million Pixel devices, according to Pixel Launcher download figures from the Play Store Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/06/13 1:07pm PDTJun 13, 2017 87 Plus 1 on G+ 179 Share on Facebook 35 Share on Twitter Total Shares301 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Of all the smartphones and tablets that Google has released in recent years, those from the Pixel line have likely sold the most. I've personally seen more "regular people" using Pixel phones than any Nexus devices, and that can be attributed in large part to Verizon officially carrying the Pixel and Pixel XL. However, since Google never releases sales figures for its mobile devices, it's been difficult to tell precisely how many Pixels have been sold - until now. Our old friend Ron over at Ars Technica first noted this after noticing that the Pixel Launcher had just crossed the one million download threshold. Now, we couldn't make this connection with, say, the Google Now Launcher and Nexus devices since the GNL was only exclusive to the Nexus 5 for a little while, but the main version of the Pixel Launcher can still only be downloaded on two devices via the Play Store: the Pixel and the Pixel XL (the Pixel C gets its own, separate APK). Yes, there are nearly 1.4 million Pixel Launcher downloads on APK Mirror, but those obviously don't count towards Play Store numbers, and we highly doubt that Pixel users are going to APKM to download something they can easily get from the Play Store. So, does this mean that there have been one million Pixels sold? Nope, the actual figure is less. The Play Store counts installs by the "(t)otal number of unique users who have ever installed this app on one or more of their devices. Only one install is counted per user, regardless of how many different devices they installed it on. Includes users who uninstalled the app later." Here are a few scenarios that would cause that one million figure to get inflated: Devices being resold and signed into by other accounts (this is probably the most common situation). Developers using multiple accounts to test their apps out (more common that you might think). Custom ROMs like LineageOS for other devices allowing non-Pixel devices to trick the Play Store. Modders tweaking their build.props to get the Play Store to recognize their device as a Pixel (similar to above). Other scenarios such as installing new custom ROMs and having multiple accounts on one device wouldn't actually count since the Play Store only records one install per Google account, no matter how many times it's installed on however many devices, so the one million number probably isn't all that far off; however, it is literally impossible that there are more Pixel devices that have been sold than however many Pixel Launcher installs off the Play Store there are. In roughly eight months, Google has sold less than one million Pixel phones. For comparison, Samsung reportedly sold five million Galaxy S8s in the first month, and Apple sold 50.8 million iPhone 7s in the last quarter. One million in eight months is nothing in comparison to those numbers. So while the Pixel is probably Google's best-selling phone yet, the company still has a ways to go before truly competing with the major players in the segment. Download QR-Code Pixel Launcher Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Via: Ars Technica Tags downloads Google pixel pixel launcher pixel xl play store Sales subscribe ... Previous Story Zelle, a new mobile payments network, announces integration with 34 banks ... Next Story Google launches quarterly 'Android Excellence' picks in the Play Store Trending 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments trixnkix637 I wonder if the author realizes the Pixel Launcher comes preloaded on Pixels and I'm not sure those count as most people would just install a third party launcher. TL:DR - I don't think there's any correlation in this case between hardware sales and software installs. Richard Gao Err... what? That's the whole premise of this article. And of course those downloads count. How else would apps like Talkback have one billion downloads? Frisi Automatic updates? God knows. Tomáš Petrík Exactly. That means that the app updated automatically on that number of devices, because that number of devices have it preinstalled. Just like this Pixel Launcher case. trixnkix637 That's assuming the person updates the Pixel Launcher instead of installing Nova or something. demarcmj Unless they go to the trouble of freezing the pixel launcher app, it's still going to update even if it's not being used. Frisi You wouldn't believe the number of people that turn off automatic updates for all apps. demarcmj I bet there's a pretty sizeable percentage that don't even know how to do that. We're not talking about AP readers here. This is the general public. Frisi I get your point, HOWEVER, in my social circle, or work circle, name it, each time someone asks me "Why Whatsapp doesn't have x new feature like other people do" I check their Play Store and they have dozens of stacked app updates. This is a regular thing, with different people. demarcmj Fair enough. FWIW... I don't subscribe to this mapping of pixel launcher downloads to pixel sales anyway ¯_(ツ)_/¯ PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ When you've been computing as long as I have ('97) you eventually learn not to update anything "automatically" and wait until you read reviews/look for problems being reported. Can't even begin to recount how many things have been broken and caused massive headaches because of taking updates blindly. TLDR: if it ain't broke, don't fix it. EcE Most people update everything that's installed on their phone. The only app I have an update pending on, is that nasty new Skype. trixnkix637 I typically freeze/disable about 3-4 apps whenever I get new phone, before updating anything. I thought I was a part of the norm. Guess not. Chroosy I only remember the pixel launcher getting updated once and it was just a couple of weeks ago for me. The rest were google app and play services, but not pixel launcher ... as far as I remember. Tomáš Petrík Wouldn't it receive updates despite not being used? (I know you can disable an app, but minority of people do that IMHO.) trixnkix637 I'm not stating my opinion as fact. I even used the phrase "I'm not sure". So if preinstalled apps count, it's news to me. But assuming they don't update the Pixel Launcher and instead download say Nova, does that still count as one install for the Pixel Launcher? PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ So if automatic updates (not via Play Store) count toward the total, then it could be much lower number of units if each unit received multiple updates. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Not sure that helps or hurts your argument. How many active Android devices are there in the wild - 2 billion or something? Does that mean that about 1/2 of them aren't taking updates? Very interesting article. Good job! demarcmj As long as the pixel launcher app was updated at least once between the release of the device and now (which it certainly has been), all Pixel devices should have had to download it at least once from the store. HeCareth The last time it was updated before 4 days ago was 10/20/16. Joe Kovacs If it's preinstalled it counts as a download. SomeGuy112 I think it only counts as a download once the app is updated through the Play Store. Unless they add 1 download for everyone Pixel phone produced before even selling it, which doesn't sound likely. blindexecutioner When you log into your phone the first time the play store auto updates unless you go in and turn that off fast. That means most people will have probably downloaded the update. Frisi Question, does the Pixel Launcher show on the update section? I remember having to search for it when the update for the weather arrived. destinyhud thats only if the pixel has older version of the launcher than whats on the play store. google update the launcher via system update and there has only been 2 update ever one during inital release and another June 6th. besided that most pixel get launcher update via security update as well. tim242 As soon as the device is activated with a Google account, it registers as a download HeCareth Completely Wrong. Try Again. destinyhud it counts as download when its preinstalled and when someone update it from play store. else it wont count. thats why i think this number is way off because google update the pixel launcher via system update and only once they updated it few months ago. their last update was in june 6 before any software update and thats probably why the numbers started climbing back up./ tim242 It counts. Just like Gmail having over a billion downloads. It comes preinstalled. Frisi You know, this is where I find those Play Store counts not accurate at all. https://www.androidcentral.com/google-says-there-are-now-14-billion-active-android-devices-worldwide 2015 Article, 1.4 billion android devices worldwide. http://www.gizbot.com/apps/news/gmail-crosses-1-billion-downloads-google-play-store-android-app-041662.html 2017 Gmail finally reaches a billion. tim242 Because you know, Gmail does not come preinstalled on phones in China. Serge Cebrian and if they sold it world wide and had a marketing campaign accordingly they would sell way more... in MEXICO Phones are subsidized so it would be easy to get one :) but no they decided to exclude everyone as usual ... demarcmj How exactly would they have sold "way more" when they couldn't even keep up with demand in the limited regions they were selling them in. OrionBeast by increasing inventory channels and keeping up with demand instead of being conservative. EcE Which has nothing to do with the original comment of "of it was sold in Mexico they would've sold more" Not if they don't increase inventory... Etc Zsolt V Man, these Google guys? Couldn't they just pick up the phone and order more? Almost as if a lot of this were beyond their control. Indianajonze i skipped it. and i'll skip the next one too if they don't meet my demand of bigger screen size, not smaller. nexus 6>6p>pixel. not a good trend lolololololololol On the desktop/web you can see that it says 1.000.000 - 5.000.000 and i had also the possibility to download the pixel launcher on my n5x with lineageos on it without owning a Pixel or modifying anything https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6bff32b4959fb3df177ac205bff8c33853a667ad3b25189cd94fe5efbf193a11.png Richard Gao Yes, Google doesn't show exact download figures, just ranges. But since the Pixel Launcher just crossed into that "1,000,000 - 5,000,000" install range, we know that it has a little over one million downloads as of right now. As for the LineageOS thing, that's interesting. I'll add that into the article, M. Luciano I'm not faulting your methodology, however the internal unofficial sales numbers are around 6 million shipments. Not sure how to reconcile that with the Play Store data. demarcmj Source? tim242 That is a lie. M. Luciano It's possible, but it's also consistent with the same type of statements over the past several months. So unless this person is totally misinformed, I take them as more credible than a random guess. tim242 Number of downloads is not a random guess. Shipments would include those setting in Verizon stores unsold. I highly doubt there are 5 million in stores, when stock has been such an issue for Google M. Luciano Right, I'm saying a person who ought to know is better than random. The number of downloads is not a random guess either, but I'm not sure yet how to reconcile those two values, since they're so far apart. M. Luciano Verizon alone accounts for over one million as of and there's no evidence to suggest that Verizon sold the bulk of devices. In the first two months Verizon reported 500-600k shipments and we can infer, given that we know Verizon's marketshare and the % of activation on the other big 3 carriers, that their 65% and that they shared that the Pixels accounted for about 2% of their activation in that same period, that there were another 450k on the other three carriers in the first two months. That puts us north of a million before the end of November 2016, just in the US. Duder12 Reading Android news sites lately makes you think all the editors are now just apple fans. saying the Pixel 2 will bootloop bc of lg? Reporting official sales numbers based on playstore downloads? Christ. EcE Well, to be fair, LG has had issues with the G3, G4, G5, V10, V20 & 5X. That's 6 out of their last 7 devices counting the recently released G6, who knows how that one will do in a few months. I know, it's speculation and I see your point, but still. I had issues with a G3 & G4 and I'm never buying an LG ever again. Dabu r/Androidcirclejerk is waiting for you, sir. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Wow. MLP avatar and all. You're not a krApple troll at all, are you? lol http://krapps.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/apple_gauged_ear_headsetFF.jpg xyz No, some of us actually have lives and we don't spend them worshiping companies. You wouldn't happen to be 5 years old, would you? PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ http://sealpond.net/jpegs/2bfee2f0143457a64345ba5227cca8d2.jpg Pixelexel Their logic isn't wrong at all. The Play Store numbers do give a good approximation of the no. of Pixel phones sold. NinoBr0wn But how? The launcher is preinstalled on every Pixel. Never mind the launcher now able to be installed on other devices or the sell through numbers that were reported last year. What am I missing in this report that's been going around the internet? Does an update count as a download/install? Lucas de Eiroz ™ yes. Timothy Vreeland Yeah but they also said themselves, it only counts once per user. So if I have two Pixels, I'm only counted once. Or if I have a lazy non tech family member that uses a shared Gmail to sign into the Play Store, a whole family of Pixels isn't counted. If I'm a reviewer covering both models of the Pixels or perhaps showing off every color Pixel, I'm only counted once. I think those numbers would far surpass the number of developers signing in with multiple accounts. xyz Someone needs to buy cream for their bum. Lars Pixel was released in a limited number of regions, and that must have affected sales. I'm from Scandinavia, for example, and all the Nexus phones were released there. But no Pixel. Asani Viriyaakavuthi Apple sold iPhone 7 Plus sir! not 7s. EcE 7s as in more than one iphone 7, not as "iphone 7S" demarcmj Interesting he didn't call out the Galaxy "S8s" Asani Viriyaakavuthi ahh I made another embarrass comment again. Thanks for correction. EcE No worries just a little clarification tim242 Which is why adding just an "S" after a single number or letter is not a good idea. Ideally, you would say "iPhone 7 devices". But even "iPhone 7's" is a better way. EcE 's implies possession. tim242 Not always. Using 's to pluralize after a single letter or number is very common, and leads to less confusion. But the ideal option is to add a pluralized noun after the proper name. Instead of saying "iPhone 7s", it is best to say "iPhone 7 devices", or some other noun. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Using 's to pluralize after a single letter or number is very common, and leads to less confusion. Profoundly ignorant statement. EcE Wrong. Rule 2b. Do not use an apostrophe + s to make a regular noun plural. Incorrect: Apostrophe's are confusing. Correct: Apostrophes are confusing http://www.grammarbook.com/punctuation/apostro.asp Apostrophes and plural forms The general rule is that you should not use an apostrophe to form the plurals of nouns, abbreviations, or dates made up of numbers: just add -s (or -es, if the noun in question forms its plural with -es). https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/punctuation/apostrophe tim242 I said single letters and numbers, not the noun itself. It is less confusing to use the 's after single letters and numbers. General rules are not concrete. As I said, adding a pluralized noun is ideal, when it makes sense to do so. The two best ways for this instance would have been iPhone 7 devices, or even iPhones 7. Using iPhone 7's would have been better than iPhone 7s. That is just confusing. EcE Apparently writing S8s wasn't confusing since it hasn't been mentioned at all. It's just your preconception of there being a device called iPhone 7S. Plus, you're taking it completely out of context. It shouldn't be confusing if you're reading the sentence and not rushing to the comment section. Gregor Smith Another year, another inventory problem. Having to wait over 6 months for a XL 128GB to become available is ludicrous. At this point I may as well wait for the next round of Pixels or whatever they release in October and do the stupid dance again EcE and wait another six months from then Gregor Smith Exactly. I got the 15% off email for a Pixel the other day... Why would I even look at a phone that's being replaced in about 4 months? And if I can't get a Pixel by, say, January after it's released then it's almost like a lost sale. They really need preorders, or a way to fulfil the orders that are being left when it's out of stock, the XL 128GB is a classic case of when the "notify me" method doesn't work. I wonder how many people ready to spend $869 they simply cast aside LineageOS for exynos! The stupid dance again.. blindexecutioner Yes, at this point it would be foolish to buy a Pixel phone right now. The OnePlus 5, for example, is better in almost every way and will probably be much cheaper. EcE *hopefully will be much cheaper steb0ne Except if you want monthly security updates and OS updates when released it wouldn't be foolish at all, lol! OnePlus support sucks! Master Yates For the last year, One Plus OS updates have been excellent for the 3/3T. The arrival of the 5 will be the true test for 3/3T owners. Kyle Gospodnetich You mean I can get less than half the support for 3/4 the price? Yeah baby sign me the fuck up. iOnePlus 7 Plus here I come! MicroNix That's the spirit. Because after having inventory issues this long, it will all change with the Pixel 2. You can wish in one hand.... makapav Google hardware realization cycle follows the Android upgrade cycle for OEMs. Two sides of the same coin. Kit Tihonovich And this is exactly why I never bought one. I wasn't wanting to wait 8 weeks at launch assuming "as always" someone else would get them before then and sell and I'd be fucked for buying direct from google once again. Happened with the Chromecast, various phones, Nexus 10, Nexus 7...So I waited. It never became available for no wait. I'm not OK with that. Ray It's not so much the wait for me... it's the outrageous price tag of $1400 Aussie Dollars. mike shwilly Who else is feeling special now? 😎 Alberto I highly doubt the Pixel has been the most sold Google phone. Nexus 5 was a huge success and had a worldwide release. AFAIK, for instance, the only European countries where the Pixel is being sold are Germany and the UK. Plus, it has suffered from inventory problems everywhere. Considering all of this I don't think those numbers are that bad. Chris On top of that, most people in the U.S. think it only works on Verizon, because in their commercials it says "only available at Verizon". A friend's boyfriend had the Pixel, and I mentioned to him that it was cool because I hadn't seen anyone with one before. And she said that she was going to switch from her iPhone to the Pixel, but she saw the commercials and thought it only worked on Verizon. Once I told her she could have bought it unlocked, she was kinda upset. I REALLY hope they can get it in all the carriers, and really get the name out. It'll be nice to see phones that aren't iPhones or Galaxies in the wild. Denis Wagner I don't think that eiter, even in other European countries like Germany. I am from Germany and have only seen a Pixel Phone outside of a store once, but I still see a lot of people with a Nexus 5 demarcmj If they had the device in stock, perhaps they could have sold some. Victor Stuber And if didn't cost twice as much as a nexus enoch861 Geez. Apple really does move those iPhone's. Frisi I find it hard to believe they just moved a million in just 8 months. Verizon (the number 1 US carrier with around 114 million clients) pushed hard on ads, Google pushed hard on ads. Even randomly people on the street see my phone and go "Oh you have a Pixel, how is it?"(bare in mind I live in Puerto Rico, the only way to get it here is via the Google Store online, yet people know about it). So there's word of mouth, at least. So I don't know, until there's hard copy even pre-loaded installs count (meaning no updated version by any means), I'll take the Play Store count with a grain of salt. Plus, too bad Google doesn't release sales data. tim242 Verizon stores sell in large numbers: 1. iPhone 2. Samsung 3. Random Droid branded Moto 4. HTC once in a blue moon 5. Prepaid phones 6. A Pixel, if the stars align just right, while standing on just one foot with fingers crossed, and possibly being drunk. Duder12 Verizon isnt even carrying the new HTC. NeverrKnowsBest You'd think after the whole Ars/Xbox shit show, we'd be a bit more hesitant to put any real stock in these public facing numbers... blindexecutioner Doesn't surprise me. It's very expensive and ugly. Also goes to show Google chose the wrong partner if HTC can't even keep this small number of phones in stock. raffr I'm not sure the issue is htc. This is "google's phone" after all.. The Nexus 4 was hard to get also. My guess is google didn't expect to sell even 1 million phones and clearly they don't want to appear as threat to their partners. If google wanted to sell these phones in large numbers they could have sold them through all carriers. demarcmj He didn't say anything about HTC EDIT: Nevermind... he edited his post. It previously just said "Doesn't surprise me. It's very expensive and ugly." tim242 Yes he did... "...chose the wrong partner if HTC." demarcmj See my edit... the OP edited his comment. Don't you just love Disqus. tim242 Ahhh. I see that now : ) needa HTC is the reason it is ugly, not the reason they can't keep it in stock. HTC is the ODM. Sir_Brizz What? HTC is manufacturing the phones. Why would they not fulfill the requests? needa That's what I'm saying. I think. A bit confused on your end. Sir_Brizz Did you write what you meant backwards then? My point is that they can't keep up with the requests, because why wouldn't they try to if they could? needa Ahh. KK. I was unaware that HTC wasn't capable of keeping up with building the Pixel . The guy from Google said they had issues sourcing. Kind of like OnePlus. Like OnePlus they will do better next year, and even will probably be able to keep up with production in year three. HTC should be capable of producing much more than they have, as they have the facilities. Albeit old facilities. MicroNix What? It is a Google designed phone. HTC designs were much better than that ugly thing. Zratul No, the Pixel is almost a slightly redesigned HTC A9 which has been flagged as an iPhone clone since launch. Google wanted to go with Huawei but they refused the deal because their brand would not be displayed. There are various sources that indicate that HTC was chosen only 10-12 months as the last resort scenario. before the release meaning little time to customize anything. xyz Nice deflection, Google fanboy. needa He who comments on the Hollywood Reporter and Wrestling Inc. should not throw stones. Lazu Gheorghe It's no wonder they sold so few tho. The price is ridiculous, in Romania it still costs 100€ more then a galaxy s8+, and availability is limited. They haven't been marketed here at all, a galaxy s8 is so much better and cheaper, and they simply aren't known as "cool" phones, so spoiled kids won't waste their money on it. I can't blame them tho, I can't imagine why anyone in his mind would spend such money on last year's hardware, no water resistance and a very mediocre design. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman They've sold as many as they've made, though. They can't stay in stock. matteventu Loool who cares about its price in Romania. It's not sold officially there. Zsolt V You are paying for the person who grey-market imported the phone for you, so you don't need to drive to Germany. Sounds fair. Frisi https://www.pressreader.com/usa/the-washington-post/20170307/281891593069031 Found this article. States that Google managed to move 556,000 units by December 2016 (so in two months). Did it really take a bit over 5 months to move another 444,000? Richard Gao I wouldn't be surprised at all, most phones sell more at launch while they're still the new hot thing. It's also worth noting that that's an analyst estimate. M. Luciano Unofficially, they sold around 6 million so far. Patrick Smithopolis No one knows how many were sold. Everything is just speculation. M. Luciano Well, some people know, I just asked a friend and got a guesstimate. To be clear though, he said "shipments" not necessarily consumers activating devices. Not sure where they'd be shipped to though if not to be sold to consumers. EcE I asked a friend the other day how many burgers McDonald's sells everyday. He guesstimates it's about 5,000,000. He must be right. M. Luciano Yeah you guys are missing the point here by a mile. I can see when I'm unwelcome. To be clear, I am not lying and I don't appreciate being trolled, so ya'll can fuck off. Have a good night folks. matteventu Don't wate your time with these people... EcE ROFL Cody Toombs I just asked a friend and he said the world was flat. I guess I should believe that, too? Let's have a credible source before taking it as fact. M. Luciano I get your point, can't help with it. Guess I can just be full of shit today. I mean I can send you a screenshot, but I could also just make up a screenshot. The source is credible, but I understand that since you didn't read it you can't take it at face value. M. Luciano To add to that; I do have a few dozen people that can verify that I tested the first Pixel prior to release and prior to the tech blogs getting review units, tested Google Wi-Fi prior to release and tested several unreleased apps last year for Google and that I am routinely in the loop on some of these projects. Obviously that doesn't help you, but I'm not just coming out of the blue. tim242 Verizon stores. MadMartigan No way it's over 9000. Truth. Heard it from the homeless guy who hangs out in front of our coffee shop. He used to work for Google, ya know... Ryne Hager The bones tell me nothing! Shawn Spring If this was a Willow reference in 2017, you win the internet for today sir. destinyhud pixel launcher rarely gets updated via playstore(most update comes as a system update). if people dont update via play store they dont count as a install. as per previous report it sold about 2 million pixel as of feb 2017 Leif Sikorski I wouldn't want one as daily driver. They're still good devices for developer, but otherwise Google still has much to learn from other OEMs. The bugs their updates have year after year are something a user shouldn't have to deal with. They need to slow down updates and test them better before releasing them to the average user. They can rename their phones like they want, but since the first Nexus they treat them more like developer devices Anu6is I've not had any issues with my pixel throughout the various updates. Ron Amadeo The Pixel Launcher is not compatible with the Pixel C. Right? As least that's why my O Preview Pixel C says. M. Luciano Correct, there is a separate app for it called PixelCLauncer or something to that effect. Richard Gao Ah, I think you're right. That's my bad, thanks for the correction. SomeGuy112 I honestly don't think the first gen Pixel was meant to sell a lot, I think it was more about getting the Pixel brand name out there and gauging demand for the brand, as well as achieving other things behind the scenes, like building relationships with carriers Google had a interview with "The Verge" website when the Pixel was first revealed. I screenshotted part of the article and attached it to this post, they talk about the goals of the first gen Pixel https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d71b8b45589057ccbfd54ff11c88d114733ccc53c260df12108a29cc161c1d45.png Mix I think they dropped the ball with satisfaction thing. I have a 128gb Pixel XL and went through 2 breaking and being covered under warranty. My brother bought,and sold his within 4 months of ownership for $600. ZERO of my friends (890% Android users) want one because of what I went though, they made fun of this 'super expensive phone' that sucked balls and kept breaking. My 3rd one, so far, has been great but but I feel that my entire experience was not worth the $1,400 price tag and so do my friends. Jingwei Zhang Your experience might very well be an outlier. Everyone I know who got a Pixel loves the user experience and silky smooth interaction. Some of them, like me, really hate how ugly the phone is, but decided to live with it because the user experience is unmatched by any other Android phones. Mix Probably true! I like my phone now and have no issues but going through two phones in under 2 months was a huge kick, felt like I bought the worlds most expensive lemon! My brother hated his & had no issues but he didn't want to risk anything like what I went though. My friends only see the Pixel though my experience and it's not a good one! The phone look decent from the back but as soon as you turn it around, it's pretty scary. but that with my experience? I am not at all sold on the idea of owning a Pixel 2. SomeGuy112 All phone models will have lemons, it's just the nature of mass producing a product I believe. I exchanged three Galaxy S3s back in the day because two had these horrible inky blobs all over the screen and the other one just bricked suddenly out of no where, which became known as the infamous "Sudden Death" bug around the S3 community. Mix Ouch, yeah that sucks! I've just never had these kind of issues with any other phone but I know lemons happen, just sucks that out of all the lotteries I won this one, lol. MicroNix Telling the truth, how often do you reboot your Pixel to keep it working silky smooth? Jingwei Zhang To tell you the truth. I haven't kept my phone on long enough to find out when it starts to really lag. The longest run I had so far is 1 month between the monthly OTAs. By around 20th day, the Google Now/Cards app would occasionally stop loading and I had to restart the app. Other than that, nothing really lagged in a conventional sense. I had various bugs show up the first 3 months owning the phone, like adaptive brightness stops working or charging very slowly about 15 days in, but they have since been fixed. Sootie I share the same sentiment as the guy above and I think I have rebooted my pixel twice since I got it on launch day, current up time is over 400 hours DanG That "silky smooth" is what got me to get one. it is by far the smoothest phone I've ever used, including iPhones. Duder12 You have shitty friends. SetiroN At least he has some, unlike you. Mix Lol Duder(your age here) you are a funny person. xyz You have shit for brains. Ahhh yeahhhh Mix isn't being truthful Mix You caught me! Mix isn't my real name but as for buying a Pixel and having to RMA 2 under warranty through Google? Very real. someone755 How the fuck do you expect to pay $1400 for a phone and expect to be satisfied. Even in the best case scenario, which the Pixel is far from, at that amount, you're just setting yourself up for disappointment. This is why the people loved the Nexus line -- it showed that Android and its OEMs are not a mature platform, and provided phones at the right prices for what the platform could offer. Mix I had the Nexus 4 and 5 but got off the bus with the Nexus 6 (due to cost...) and went with a Samsung S6 but, man, do I hate Touchwiz. The only reason I came back to the Nexus line, I mean, Pixel was work helped with the upgrade costs. I picked my wife up an Axon 7 and that thing has been a crazy solid phone! I would rather have two of those than an single Pixel! ddevito Found a fanboy Đức Thành Doesn't being on Android Police automatically make us all fanboys tho xyz No, some of us are here to troll the fanboys. SomeGuy112 If giving a comment based off interviews Google did with tech websites makes me fanboy then so be it. Sorry if I don't post "alternative facts" to please haters. DragoCubed Pixel brand? I have only seen about three ads and that was when it first launched. I haven't seen anyone in person with one. The only people that I've seen who've heard of the google pixel are online. I'm in Australia if that means anything. SomeGuy112 And yet you still know what the Pixel brand is and who makes it, that means the marketing did its job right. Besides, Pixel ads are all over Google owned YouTube and millions of people use YouTube daily. DragoCubed HTC makes it. Well anyways, I know about it because I'm an Android Police reader but yeah, I still would've known it existed if I wasn't one. I haven't seen any Pixel ads on YT. It's just my experience though. xyz lol. So after years of the "Nexus" brand, Google decided to change the name and test another brand name, eh? Google fanboys are some of the dumbest people ever. SomeGuy112 The Nexus program had different goals, it wasn't meant to be a direct competitor to the iPhone. If you don't know what the Nexus program was for then your argument is invalid. mxwp clearly it wasn't since they have supply problems destinyhud i dont think i agree with this play store count. googles other revenue increased 1.3 billion in Q4 2016 compared to Q4 2015. its increased 1 billion from Q3 Sep 2016 --> Q4 Dec 2016. so even if u take in to account normal play store growth probably its 900 million dollars in hardware sales(approx). assuming google sold lets say optimistically 2 million google home. (probably not 2 million but lets put worst case scenario) yet the amount would add up to $200 million removing all middleman cuts etc. that brings it down to 700 million. take out $50 for other hardwares like wifi, chromecast, daydream. thats brings that amount to 650 million. now looking at average selling price since mostly sold by Verizon and Verizon takes a cut. its def more than 1 million sold in Q4 2016 alone. then there is Q1 2017 demarcmj That's A LOT of guestimation Duder12 So is this entire article. demarcmj Not really. They're pointing at one available figure and saying "If this is to be believed, then ______." You're saying... "They made ______ revenue so If I pull a bunch of numbers out of my butt and assign them to things, I came out with definitely more than 1 million sold" Duder12 This entire article is based on app downloads in the playstore. Has every pixel updated their launcher? Do different pixels in different regions auto update off this listing? Are their different listings for this launcher? This article is very much speculation. It is not sales figures. demarcmj I'm not saying that I agree with their mapping of pixel launcher downloads to pixel sales (I don't). It's a theory though. They're saying "If you subscribe to this mapping theory, then here's what that says about pixel sales." Again, I don't subscribe to that theory. Your method is literally just pulling a bunch of figures out of thin air. Duder12 Mine? Wtf are you talking about? I didnt write the OP you are ranting against. demarcmj My bad destinyhud guessing all worst case scenario still comes out better for pixel hardware. that 1 billions def has to be accounted for something. if it was not for pixel what else can it be?? even if u take 500 million out(for wifi,chromecast,daydream and growth) and make 500 million for pixel hardware that could still be close to around 1 million sales for pixel considering average selling price might be lower than actual selling price BroadcastJunkie I can confirm, they sold one. I have it... that is all I know LineageOS for exynos! Bezel xl.. No Wonder Scott Harris Most casual phone buyers, which will be the vast majority of consumers, don't care about bezels. tim242 Until they see the S8. Shawn Spring Yes...because clearly a phone that was released on October of 2016 suffered when compared design-wise to a phone that was released in Q2 of 2017. Smh - just come out and say you're a "hater" and call it a day plz. Wayren Going to have to agree with some of the folks I'm seeing here. The Pixel phones being perpetually out of stock probably had a serious hand in this. tim242 They have been in abundance at Verizon stores. Nate Tinner All that said, the count almost certainly isn't precise. It probably shows "1 million downloads" even if it's really 1,999,999 downloads, before finally showing "2 million" after that next download (and does it even show increments other than 1, 5, and 10?). tim242 Nope. Try harder. It just went over the 1 million mark. Now it will show 1-5 million. Luxferro I think they count everytime the app updates as a download. I doubt they even sold close to 1/2 a million. Artem Russakovskii Except it just changed from 500k-1mln to 1mln-5mln the other day. AndTheWorldMayNeverKnow Carrier exclusivity to Verizon and having to buy it in full directly from Google or finance through Synchrony is part of the reason. Galaxy's and iPhones have been available on so carriers for some time now plus they offer monthly fees straight through carriers. I don't think they wanted to sell that many Pixel phones, it's a beta for the next Google Pixel phone. I think they next Pixel will be on all carriers. That check from Verizon was lovely I'm sure. wade_county I've seen 1 Pixel out in the wild in Miami. It's all Apple, Samsung, some old LG flagships (G2/G3) and prepaid android phones down here. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ So if automatic updates (not via Play Store) count toward the total, then it could be much lower number of units if each unit received multiple updates. IOW, is each DL shown on GPS a unique device or include multiple DLs for each update? Plus those who DLed Pixel Launcher on non-pixel devices. I had it on my N6P for a while. TLDR: need to see more data to determine if this a valid accounting estimate. Sir_Brizz I think the more important thing is that it creates a relative upper bounds for sales. 1 million units in the wild is pretty abysmal, but I think it's obvious Google didn't care about selling much. What's more depressing is that the Pixel doesn't seem to have outsold the Nexus devices and moreover has seemed to have several issues the equivalent of owning a Nexus device. So they haven't done much of a job of leaving that brand in the past with the Nexus Pixel. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Well stated. And also it makes me remember the Motorola exercise where Google was doing magical things and then just dropped it to be rhaped and butchered by Lenovo. Why do they keep playing around in hardware if they can't see anything through and don't seem to like it very much? Luxferro It's not just hardware, it's everything Google does. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ PSA: NEVER take automatic updates. When you've been computing as long as I have ('97) you eventually learn not to update anything "automatically" and wait until you read reviews/look for problems being reported. Can't even begin to recount how many things have been broken and caused massive headaches because of taking updates blindly. TLDR: if it ain't broke, don't fix it. Samsung Defense Force I've been computing since 1985 (Atari 8 bit 😄) The second thing you learn is make backups for your backup and in this day and age keep your backup backups local not cloud. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Two types of people in the world: those who have lost data and those who will. Dmitry Stepanushkin Or those who not yet making backups and those who already making 😀 JohnyNoLegs If you were actually into computing, you would always want the latest thing. So doesn't make sense.FYI got first computer in 93. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ If you were actually into computing, you would always want the latest thing. Erm... sure, ace. But for those of us who actually earn a living from them, you don't risk effing up your machine or a client's just to have "the latest thing." JohnyNoLegs I don't earn a living off my phone or home PCs. Out of the 4 PC's I have, 2 run linux, One Windows and one hacintosh. I have to say that all of them are up to date, and all have the latest security patches. If there is one thing I have learned, is always update. If it's a server, then that's a COMPLETELY different kettle of fish and doesn't relate to this post AT ALL. Having a single PC that you rely on is probably a mistake anyway. I can dev on any of the machines I listed, BACKUP! PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ There's always exceptions, security being one of the most frequent, but in mission-critical, enterprise or even casual home users there's nothing imprudent or less than professional about waiting and seeing reports about what the updates do to *other*people's machines before you install them on your own. JohnyNoLegs If you are not a techie, you wouldn't research this, and if you were a techie, you would update first and ask questions later. Only in a corporate environment would someone wait. If something went wrong with my machine due to an update, I would simply revert to a backup. Easy. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You're confusing "techie" with "hobbyist" - they're not the same. There are people other than "corporations" who value their time and would rather be doing other things on their machine or otherwise than restoring from backup because they foolishly took an update when there's no reason not to wait and see before applying it. Your argument is invalid. JohnyNoLegs "foolishly took an update". How can you be a techie without being a hobbyist. You become techie by stuffing things up and breaking them, then fixing them. From experience of stuffing things up so many times, I've learnt that updates are important, and backups are more important. Having my OS on a separate disk without my user profile or apps means I can restore or even install a fresh copy of Win10 as an example without any real loss at all (except maybe recent files). Anyway all is good. I learnt my lesson of not updating a while ago with Win Vista. Given that Win10 now has priority updates which can be dealt with differently, I just set the critical ones to install asap, then the others to install every Friday night so if there are any issues I have sat to start my scripts of restoring etc which take approx 10 mins to get back to normal. --> the number of times I used the scripts due to updates breaking things are 0 btw. The number of times I used it because I stuffed something up is greater than I can report. Samsung Defense Force lol, 😄 more proof that once again, nobody cares about stock Android--Samsung and TouchWiz are where it's at!! Maybe Google could make an Android version that's light enough and flexible enough to be installed on all phones with the option to dual boot. Users can boot into whatever skin they want and then without having to restart--switch into the other. VAVAMk_2 Ouch Roberto I'm sorry but to say that you see more people around with a Pixel than any of the previous nexuses is a clearly biased american pov. Come in any other contry in Europe and you'll see that the Pixel sold nothing, Verizon extra marketing efforts are restricted to one country alone and cannot hope to match a less marketed phone that was available to buy from so many more customers tmartin For the record, in NYC on the subway I see way more N4s and N5s than anything that came after including Pixel. Farid Amin They should have kept the price around £500 to sell more not £749 D13H4RD2L1V3 That's....not a very high number. C64 After 8 months i still think it's an ugly overpriced iPhone clone. Dmitry Stepanushkin Me too. Toys Samurai Don't make up excuse for the low number, guys. It's low, and Google has no one to blame but itself. That said, I am not sure if the Play Store number includes pre-install then updates. Since the Pixel Launcher is pre-installed, technically there's no download. The question is whether a subsequent auto update will count as 1 download. ddevito Eat your heart out Apple /s moneytrain So, you think it is more likely that modded build prop users of other devices account for a high figure than the apkmirror download figures being legit.... HeCareth https://thenextweb.com/apple/2013/05/16/billions-how-exactly-do-apple-and-google-count-app-downloads/ PreInstalled Apps do not count towards Play Store Downloads. This was confirmed by Google almost 4 years ago. Not sure why we keep pushing that narrative. tim242 That is a lie. How else would Gmail, Hangouts, and Drive have over a billion downloads? By the way, the only way to get the Pixel launcher from the Play Store IS TO OWN A PIXEL, WHICH IT IS PREINSTALLED ON. Go home, you are drunk and high. HeCareth That article says exactly that taken straight from Google. Also CM13 and CM14 can install the Pixel Launcher direct from the playstore. I'm sure countless other ROMS can do the same thing. With CM at an install base of more than 10 million​ it actually makes a level of sense. tim242 Wrong. The article is talking about total apps downloaded, not number of individual app downloads. Reading comprehension fail. HeCareth LOL What?!? Funniest thing I've read to date. What's the difference bro? Let me qoute the article for you since maybe you have issues understanding words in text. It's cool it happens. "Pre-installed apps Both companies told me that they do not count pre-installed apps among their numbers. Many Android devices come with apps pre-installed that can also be downloaded via the Google Play store, but those do not count towards Play Store downloads. Only apps downloaded from the Play Store with a user account are counted." tim242 Let me break it down for you. Let's just say that there have been 100 billion apps downloaded from the Play Store. All this article is saying is that Google's preinstalled apps would not count toward THAT NUMBER. But preinstalled apps do count toward the individual number of downloads for an app. If you don't know the difference, I don't know what to tell you. I suppose you think that over a billion people went to the Play Store and downloaded Google Fucking Plus. HeCareth Yep I do think that over a billion people downloaded Google Plus i the course of 6 years. Why? Because people used it for services that were not Google Plus....you like Google Photos. Or do you forget that photos was a Google Plus service for years before it was pulled out. Also let me just break this down. Let’s start with a few facts Sep 2016 – Nexus Launcher became the Pixel Launcher Oct 2016 – Pixel Launcher released exclusively on Pixel and Pixel XL Nov 2016 – Pixel Launcher is found to be actually available for download to CyanogenMod 13 (6.0) and 14 (7.0) from the Play Store. Jan 2017 – Pixel Launcher downloads at 500k – 1 Million Downloads June 2017 – Pixel Launcher Update moves stats into 1 Million to 5 Million Downloads Now lets fill in the blanks. Using logic. Yeah I know…we tend not to use that here. If CyanogenMod 13 had the Pixel Launcher available in the Playstore that could account for the 500k initial installs. Cyanogen’s install base is over 10 Million devices so this would not be surprising if these devices all downloaded the new Pixel launcher when the update hit before the Pixel was released. All this falls in in line with what Google previously said that PreInstalled Apps do not count toward the number. tim242 You are an idiot. Blocked. HeCareth Lol. Goodbye. HeCareth So you seem to be obtuse I will give you more quotes from the same article. "Both Apple and Google tabulate unique downloads of apps per user account. This means that they count only one download of an app no matter how many devices that you install that app on after you purchase it. Neither company counts updates in its app download numbers. These are purely single downloads from their stores." Chroosy It may count if you update you apps once in your lifetime of your phone, many people do and these apps get updated way more than the Pixel Launcher did. I only got one update a couple of weeks ago. tim242 Preinstalled apps don't count toward total downloads from the Play Store. They are counted in the app downloads. jeebus Personally, I don't know anyone with a Pixel. None. Zip. Zilch. I've got a 6p and I have a number of friends with them. I've known many to have the Nexus 5, and some (including myself) had the Nexus 6. But no pixels. Weird. J.J. Still have not seen a pixel in the wild! Gautham Suki✓ⱽᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ 128 GB XL is always out of stock in India. Ryan Johnson I was able to install the Pixel Launcher from the Play Store using Lineage OS on my OnePlus One o.O ralphusion Seriously AndroidPolice? Before second guessing what seems like sound enough logic, get some firm ground on how things work on these Stores. Play Store numbers show app installs initiated from the Store. They do not include counts of pre-installed apps or any updates thereon. The installs you see (i.e. the 1M+) will likely cover supported non-Pixel devices and Pixel devices on non-stock ROMs (Lineage and the rest), but not the pre-installed factory set ones (with or without updates). You should have at least gotten a measure of App Annie (or similar Store Analytics cos.) store stats when Google opened the Pixel Launcher for other devices on the Store (which happened a few months after the sale of these devices). The counts on Store were zilch then. HeCareth Thank you. Somebody with some sense. Ron puts out this unverified article and blogs jump on it like it's pure fact, without even understanding how things work. TSON1 That can't be the case... else why would all of the Google apps have hundreds of millions of installs when all devices with native play store access have them preinstalled? ralphusion Many reasons for this, although most notably this revolves around how and what Play Store considers as an install w.r t. user accounts that actually affect that install. Bear in mind, not all Google apps come pre-installed, even on prominent OEM devices, let alone the cheaper Chinese siblings that hot sell in global markets. Once again, it's best to check reputed sources that capture App and Play store statistics to give clear measures of installs before or after individual Gapps came to light. Just bringing these points here because I'm in the business of knowing how these numbers come to be. But honestly, its simply appalling that half thought-of, unverified research goes into articles on popular tech news sites like Android Police, which are then copied across the internet to spread statements like the aforementioned. Doesn't qualify as great practice in journalism, in fact falls flat into the other side without actually going into fake news territory. Fake news is at least intentional; this is just poor journalism. Abhijeet I have seen literally one pixel phone out in the wild here in Mumbai (in my limited circle), whereas the no. of people who had Nexus 5, and for than matter galaxy s6/7, oneplus 3 or even lg flagships is visibly higher. I don't think they ever intended to manufacture or sell a large quantity of pixel devices in the first place. M3D1T8R How times have changed. I remember when it was considered a big success when the original PlayStation passed 100,000 units within it's first few months. Now 1mil is considered not great. Romek Nowak I'm not quite sure about whether it really is all Pixels. I run Resurrection Remix on my phone, which ships with the Pixel Launcher and got an update from the Play Store just the other day. SAM Meanwhile in India, there are lot of unsold pixels and to clear the stock, they are being heavily discounted. Still sales are not picking up. dontsh00tmesanta Given the lack of carrier subsidy and it's price duh.... Thanh Le meh. At the price point they are offering, they will never sell shit. The value proposition of android is completely demolished in these thousand dollar models. Wtf happened to consumer electronics, why the hell does all of these all of a sudden was in the 300-400 range 4 years ago now they are all 800-1k+? LOL what the hell? Goran Pixel is an overpriced good android phone, difficult to buy, followed by to many controversies, missing to many features for its abnormal price. I am not surprised at all. That phone never could have been success having in mind what it offered for asked price, inspite some obvious advantages in terms of fast updates and smooth performance. Peter Silie Also I heard it helps sales if a product is available worldwide and not in just five countries ;-) Ivan Carapovic First of all, they sell it only online and only in selected countries. Many people have no way of buying it. Second, its expensive. They have no cheap version of this phone, and not many carriers offer it with a contract/discount. Third, low stock. Theres always some waiting involved which leads people to other OEMs that can deliver immediately. LondonLeedsFan Regardless of what we all 'think' it's worth and how it matches to other phone specs, the Pixel and XL were both just far too expensive to buy. Someone that doesn't really come to places like AP will not swap out their old phone for one that they have never heard of and just see in the shop, and pay an extra £5/10 per month for it. I don't know how it works in the US, but at some stages, the Pixel has been more expensive than a iPhone. Plus if someone says 'you can order it today and we'll deliver in 4 weeks' , that's a no. lomsha Yet they can't properly keep them in stock. someone755 It's definitely not just Pixels that can download that. This screenshot is from a while back, taken on a device with few similarities with the Pixels. Smaller, lower-resolution screen, one Android version lower etc, all that kinda stuff. http://i.imgur.com/e1i2Z68.png http://i.imgur.com/YOEL93r.png Zee That's it? Less than a million and they couldn't even meet demand? Filipe Santos No because this phone was an experiment... Kwetsima Maluleke One mega Pixel 🌚 DanG I hope Google learned their lesson. They should never work with HTC again. xyz Eat shit, Pixel fanboys. Your overpriced bezel phone sucks and the sales reflect that. Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 172 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 33 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 395 1 Year Ago Today Editorial: iOS 10 is Apple’s not-so-secret love letter to Android 2016/06/15 4:50pm PDTJun 15, 2016 52 2 Years Ago Today Google Maps Now Warns You If You Are Navigating To A Place That Will Be Closed When You Arrive 2015/06/15 2:52pm PDTJun 15, 2015 43 3 Years Ago Today PSA: No, The OnePlus One Is Not Waterproof, So Don't Try This At Home 2014/06/15 11:20am PDTJun 15, 2014 2 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Emancy: Borderline War, Shelter, And Beejumbled 2013/06/15 5:49pm PDTJun 15, 2013 21 5 Years Ago Today Zombies, Run! Spices Up Your Running Routine With A Little Undead Uprising 2012/06/15 10:20pm PDTJun 15, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today [Updated] EVO Shift 4G Gingerbread OTA Update Dropping June 17th 2011/06/15 3:41pm PDTJun 15, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today HTC Aria Coming June 20th To AT&T, Initial Hands-On Impressions Surface 2010/06/15 5:50pm PDTJun 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 30 Google adds Play Store support to more Chromebooks from Acer, Dell, ASUS, HP, Lenovo, and Samsung 2017/06/15 11:01am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 176 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 30 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 140 queries | 0.447s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Sprint is offering a year of unlimited service for free if you switch from Verizon +11,685 Andrew Myrick Jun 13th, 2017 The tit-for-tat between US carriers continues to amuse us on an almost daily basis. Each carrier continues to take shots at one another, with T-Mobile being the most vocal, by far. However, we’ll occasionally hear Sprint take a shot at Verizon and the 4th largest carrier has announced a new program which aims to do just that. Starting today and lasting until June 30th, Sprint has announced a new program which offers a year of unlimited data, talk, and text for free. Sprint is claiming that you’ll be able to keep your phone AND phone number, meaning that you will be forced to port the number from Verizon and into Sprint. From there, you can order a SIM card from Sprint and it will be overnighted to you, allowing for you to quickly activate your new line(s) of service. Naturally, the device that was being used on Verizon must be owned by you and you can’t owe any more to Verizon for it. But if you’re worried about which devices are compatible, here’s a list provided by Sprint: Apple iPhone 5C (Verizon only) Apple iPhone 5S (Verizon only) Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6S Apple iPhone 6S Plus Apple iPhone 7 (Verizon only) Apple iPhone 7 Plus (Verizon only) Apple iPhone SE Google Nexus 5 (Verizon only) Google Nexus 5X Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 6P Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola E4 Motorola Z2 Play Motorola G4 Motorola G4 Play Motorola G4 Plus Motorola G5 Plus Motorola X Pure Edition Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Special Edition Samsung Galaxy S7 Special Edition Samsung Galaxy S8 Special Edition Samsung Galaxy S8+ Special Edition If you plan to only temporarily use your current device before upgrading to another one, you’ll have to wait until October 1st before you’ll be able to lease a new device through Sprint. From there, you still won’t pay anything for monthly services but will be required to make the monthly lease payments for the device. All-in-all, if you’re looking to save more than just a few bucks and are looking to remove yourself from Verizon, this seems to be a great deal. I mean, even if you don’t opt into Sprint’s AutoPay services, you’ll only be required to pay $5 per month, per line. Once the free year of service has passed, you’ll be forced to pay the following: Line 1: $60/mo. Line 2: $40/mo. Lines 3-5: $30/mo/line Pricing shown with AutoPay. Add $5/mo./line without AutoPay Despite Sprint’s shortcomings in terms of network reliability and speed, this really seems like a great deal, especially if you already own your phone and don’t plan on switching anytime soon. Let us know what you think about this new promotion and if you’ll be interested in joining. [Sprint] local_offer    Sprint   Verizon   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (15) stars Further Reading Galaxy S8 devices receive Bixby improvements The Galaxy Tab S2 gets Android Nougat on Verizon and T-Mobile Sprint will carry the Essential phone Sprint offers 6 months of Tidal for free Gear S3 at Verizon stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertTop 5 Apps of the Week closeTop 5 Android Apps of the Week (June 9, 2017) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 2 more_vertTurn old phone into Google Home closeHow to turn an old phone into a Google Home You probably already have a device with Google Assistant (or the old Google voice search) built-in. Why not save $130 and make your own Google Home? 3 more_vertGoogle posts support deadline for Pixel, Nexus hardware closePSA: Google stops guaranteeing support for Pixel and Nexus devices the day they stop receiving updates Google has updated their support documents to note the time period which Pixel and Nexus owners can expect to receive support for their devices, both online or over the phone. 4 more_vertThe OnePlus 5 will start at $479 closeReport: The OnePlus 5 will be priced at $479 and will include 6GB RAM A new report claims that the OnePlus 5 will come in two variants; one with 6GB of RAM and another with 8GB of RAM. Pricing for the device is claimed to start at $479. 5 more_vertWhy US Sony phones don't use fingerprint sensors closeWe might finally know the real reason Sony couldn’t bring fingerprint sensors to the US, and it’s all Apple’s fault We’ve known that something was keeping Sony from using fingerprint sensors in the US, but now we know. It’s all Apple’s fault. Of course it’s Apple’s fault. 6 more_vertSamsung working on GPU closeSamsung is rumored to have created its own GPU for phones Samsung makes a lot of their smartphone components in-house, including the display and processors (in some models). A new rumor suggests they’re working on their own GPUs as well. 7 more_vertHTC U11 unboxing and first impressions [VIDEO] closeHTC U11 unboxing and first impressions [VIDEO] The HTC U11 is now officially available for purchase and with that, the Samsung Galaxy S8 just met its biggest competition yet. For more on our first impressions with the device, check out the post. 8 more_vertAndroid Auto experiencing a music bug closeGoogle Play Music on Android Auto not working? Google knows, and here’s a workaround Many Android Auto users have been chiming in regarding an issue that throws out an error message anytime they try to play music through Google Play Music, but Google is on the case, and here’s a workaround for you in the meantime. 9 more_vertGalaxy Note 8 may be first Snapdragon 836-powered smartphone closeSamsung Galaxy Note 8 rumored to be powered by Snapdragon 836 Rumors suggest the Galaxy Note 8 will be the first phone to arrive powered by the Snapdragon 836 processor. 10 more_vertGear S3 at Verizon closeSamsung Gear S3 Frontier and Classic are finally available at Verizon After nearly six months of waiting, the Samsung Gear S3 family is available at Verizon. Both the Gear S3 Frontier and Gear S3 Classic are on sale for $400 or $350 with a two-year contract. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Apps Tech Google Play’s new Android Excellence collections highlight the very best in apps New, 18 comments What Google deems the cream of the crop by Dani Deahl@danideahl Jun 13, 2017, 4:26pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Photo by Chris Welch / The Verge Today, Google announced an expansion to its Play Store with its new Android Excellence program. Curated by Google’s editorial team, Android Excellence features rotating collections of apps that deliver a superb Android user experience, utilize many of Google’s “best practices,” and “have great design, technical performance, localization, and device optimization.” Broken down into two categories of apps and games, Android Excellence appears in Google’s newly revamped Editor’s Choice section. The announcement comes after Apple’s recent WWDC debut of its overhauled App Store, with a new interface and shifted focus on discovery and how-tos. It also has a new way to highlight apps — the App Store’s upgraded landing page will feature one new app a day, opening possibilities for up-and-coming developers and encouraging daily visits. While Google’s Android Excellence program is more extensive, the lists will only be updated quarterly, a move that might not serve users as much as it does developers (who can reap exposure for months). Also a bummer — there are no descriptions to explain why editors select apps for Android Excellence, the way they do for other Google Play categories, like “5 Travel Apps for Your Next Adventure.” Regardless, if you want to see what Google deems the best of the best, Android Excellence kicks off today in the Google Play Store. Below, their first round of selects. Android Excellence Apps AliExpress by Alibaba Mobile B&H Photo Video by B&H Photo Video Citymapper by Citymapper Limited Drivvo by Drivvo drupe by drupe Evernote by Evernote Corporation Hotel Tonight by HotelTonight Kitchen Stories by Kitchen Stories Komoot by komoot GmbH Lifesum by Lifesum Memrise by Memrise Pocket by Read It Later Runtastic Running & Fitness Tracker by Runtastic Skyscanner by Skyscanner Ltd Sleep as Android by Urbandroid Team Vivino by Vivino Android Excellence Games After the End Forsaken Destiny by Nexon M Inc. CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars by ZeptoLab Golf Clash by Playdemic Hitman GO Square Enix Ltd Horizon Chase – World Tour by Aquiris Game Studio S.A Kill Shot Bravo by Hothead Games Lineage Red Knights by Ncsoft Corporation Nonstop Knight by flaregames PAC-MAN 256 - Endless Maze by Bandai Namco Entertainment Europe Pictionary by Etermax Reigns by DevolverDigital Riptide GP: Renegade by Vector Unit Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes by Electronic Arts Titan Brawl by Omnidrone Toca Blocks by Toca Boca Transformers: Forged to Fight by Kabam Next Up In Tech Amazon granted a patent that prevents in-store shoppers from online price checking The CIA has lots of ways to hack your router Jeff Bezos asks Twitter for philanthropy ideas that can help ‘right now’ DirecTV Now’s latest attempt to draw new subscribers is a free Roku Premiere US government awards millions to HPE, Intel, and others in hopes they’ll build next-gen supercomputers Facebook says it wants ‘to be a hostile place for terrorists’ Now Trending Amazon granted a patent that prevents in-store shoppers from online price checking Well, isn’t that ironic Sony's excuse for blocking PlayStation and Xbox cross-platform play is hostile and stupid Sony head, meet desk Microsoft Surface Pro review: the new normal Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 10. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Amazon granted a patent that prevents in-store shoppers from online price checking by Dani Deahl 26 comments / new Super Mario Odyssey has co-op, will let you play as Mario’s hat by Chaim Gartenberg 6 comments / new The CIA has lots of ways to hack your router by Russell Brandom 14 comments / new How The Last of Us' expansion impacted Uncharted: The Lost Legacy by Megan Farokhmanesh God of War director used John Woo’s masterpiece to sell the developer on his huge idea by Chris Plante 2 comments / new Bill Nye Saves the World will be back for a second season by Shannon Liao 15 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land Limiting cookies How Apple's Intelligent Tracking Prevention works Repeat buyers 95% say a positive return experience drives e-commerce loyalty Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Local Get the most important digital marketing news each day. Google rolling out GMB simple website creator Designed for developing markets, it may become popular in the US, where large numbers of SMBs still don't have websites. Greg Sterling on June 13, 2017 at 4:12 pm More According to Mike Blumenthal, Google is now broadly rolling out its simple website creator for small businesses: websites. It first appeared in January and can be accessed through the Google My Business dashboard. It’s an even simpler tool than Google Sites and was reportedly designed for developing markets (e.g., India). However, it’s also accessible to US businesses. It takes advantage of the local business data already in GMB to pre-populate certain content on the site (hours, location, phone and so on). However, as Mike points out, it’s a very basic (but visually polished) solution for new businesses or those that have no website. In the US, a substantial minority — in some surveys approaching 50 percent — of small businesses don’t have a site. While it’s not going to work for sophisticated e-commerce and B2B sellers, it may be sufficient for many business categories — and it’s responsive. Indeed, something slightly more than a landing page may be all that is now required for a large number of SMBs in this mobile-centric universe. Notwithstanding the rise of “answers not links,” position zero and voice-first user interfaces, websites do remain important to both local businesses and to consumers. (Surveys typically show that most SMBs want better websites.) As yet, however, nobody has cracked the code on how to make DIY websites dead simple to develop and polished enough to be “professional.” Google may be approaching that balance here. Google’s first attempt at a simple website creation tool was “Page Creator” in 2006, which was followed by Google Sites in 2008 and recently refreshed. Google’s main competitor, Facebook, has been pitching SMBs on the idea that a Facebook Page should be their main online presence. About The Author Greg Sterling Greg Sterling is a Contributing Editor at Search Engine Land. He writes a personal blog, Screenwerk, about connecting the dots between digital media and real-world consumer behavior. He is also VP of Strategy and Insights for the Local Search Association. Follow him on Twitter or find him at Google+. Popular Stories Why content matters (no matter what type of marketer you are) How to market your brand using interactive native content — Part 3 Facebook brings value metrics to campaigns to help advertisers target the best customers Twitter rolls out new apps; iOS versions support Apple’s ad blockers Related Topics Channel: LocalGoogle: MapsGoogle: Mobile Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events White Papers The Definitive Guide to Engaging Email Marketing The Definitive Guide to Marketing Automation Top 5 Techniques for Converting Leads Through Cohesive Landing Pages The Multiplier Effect of Integrating Search and Social Advertising State of Digital Advertising 2017 See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google adds more Local Guides levels and ways to earn points Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/06/13 11:41am PDTJun 13, 2017 27 Plus 1 on G+ 122 Share on Facebook 35 Share on Twitter Total Shares184 Applications Google News Videos Google Maps has a lot of data, some of it contributed by users. Google is keenly aware that you can get people to contribute to a service rather easily as long as you give them points. The points don't even have to be good for anything, although Local Guides points do come with some rewards. Today, Google is adding new levels to the Local Guides program and offering new ways to earn points so you can reach these higher levels. Previously, there were only five Local Guides levels, but now there are ten of them. Levels four through ten also have a cool badge system. Badges are even better motivators than points. It's a scientific fact. As before, you can get perks after hitting level two that include nearly access to new features, and occasional discounts from Google and its partners. At levels four through ten, you get three free months of Play Music and 75% off a movie rental. Certain activities in Maps give you more point, like being the first to add a location. Starting now Local Guides can earn a smaller number of points from rating locations or fact checking other Guides. That's great, but can we get some more badges? Googleplz. Source: Google Blog Tags apps Google google maps local guides maps video subscribe ... Previous Story Google hires ex-Apple chipset veteran to help design SoCs for Pixel phones ... Next Story HMD Global launches Nokia 3, 5, and 6 in India Trending 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Chris Thurber Dang. I am only level 2, but those badges make me want to hit 10. (Not sarcastic) FelschR So what about past actions? Will we get the point difference? Frederico Silva Yes, they will convert the old points to the new system. johnforamerica Good! Since you can only add a location if you're the first to do so, ALL my added locations are worth more points. Wonder when these updated calcs are gonna hit... FelschR they hit me today^^ Nicholas Conrad I prefer the 2 years of 1tb of drive storage, thanks. MrCalifornia Yeah, make fun of it all you want but I saved $240 by agreeing to attach a bunch of my generic pics to places. Vlad I did that by modifying the schedules of all the McDrives in my country. They're 24/7. Just changed that from the lack of any at all. exadeci Google wins in the end, the storage doesn't cost them $240 and you are cheaper than a minimum wage worker. Nicholas Conrad Who's making fun? I genuinely prefer the free tb of drive storage I got. thomas sim I would prefer 'permanent' Drive storage upgrade, even small one. I have 19GB now, after my 2 years 100GB storage from HTC phone bundle expired free months ago. Daniel Do you need a credit card for the three free months of GPM? Chris Walton From the UK conditions - "Valid form of payment required at sign-up but will not be charged until the trial period expires" Daniel Darn, I was hoping they weren't gonna do that. LOL Fuск badges and points, give me free shiт you cheap basтards. One t-shirt and that's it? Wtf, I got 700 points already Suicide_Note Pfft. Amateur. JG I wouldn't complain if Google opted to convert our free bonus Drive space into free permanent Drive space... 1.019TB of cloud storage would be amazing! Or maybe some kind of discount on the new Pixel phones. If they want us submitting photos of local business, what better device to use to take the pictures than a Pixel 2 (considering Google has stated they plan to improve upon Pixel 1's already great camera)... EcE Nice wishlist. It would be great to keep the storage. I barely use it because I know it's going away. LOL Discount on Pixel 2..... keep dreaming :) 😆😄 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0bd6a2b693ce856e5dda0e36f8dbb306db6c0db24c441ef9a43fe5e2aad1b778.gif EcE "Valid for ONE 75% discount on a movie rental from eligible titles on Google Play" PFFT!! when I started three years ago, I was promised a yearly gift. Raymond Hawkins I know, right? Couldn't they at least have made it a free rental rather than 75% off? Really does not make it feel rewarding in any way. But then, maybe that's the idea -- they got too many people doing it for rewards and decided it was going to cost more than they wanted to spend. Or else that people would do it for less so why give more. EcE that's why they got rid of the Drive storage reward. I think they should've made it harder to get instead of removing it altogether. Chris Walton 3 months of google music.. for new subscribers only! Really? So the loyal users who put all this work into maps, and also likely to be into other google products, like music, get naff all Bit of a pointless incentive scheme nxtiak Yup... I've subscribed to Play Music since day one at $7.99, I've bought ALL the Nexus/Pixel phones and I don't get to take advantage of the free months they all come with. Wayren Wow. They really trashed the incentives for this program. catalysto They hardly do any events for Local Guides anymore either. They kind of dumped that onto us to organize for ourselves which is kind of lame. Tim Harman Of course, they're gotten all the data they wanted from us. It was always clear this would happen. In a few years when the map is super populated, they'll shutdown the LG scheme. catalysto I doubt that's the case; their data still pales in comparison to Yelp, for example. I think it's just Google's typical lack of follow-through. Adam Margeson Not so much lack of follow-through as always trying to take the lazy-man approach. Whatever method is most efficient and requires least effort on their part, including crowd-sourcing, and scrapping data if they find a slightly-more-efficient way, even if they can't use the existing data. EcE BTW #corrections: "nearly access to new features" early access to new features "Certain activities in Maps give you more point" points JG How about a "competition"... To see who gains the most when the new system is officially rolled out and our scores are modified to reflect the new system... At the moment, under the old system, I have 1,036 points... I'm predicting probably somewhere in the 5-6k range. YouNex No XerBlade No. That having been said, I jumped from 502 to 11807. A direct before and after based entirely on changing the way it's calculated, no new stuff added in between. Adam Margeson Funny. I jumped from 268 to only 1655. @JG: You've got too much time on your hands if you had over 1000 points on the old system. Or you live in an area that no one has filled in. Living in a well-mapped city leaves little to add without spending large sums of time nitpicking things. XerBlade The really big jump in my case was for one simple reason. Answers. Points are now counted per instance instead of per location. I've always answered every single question it gave me for every location in my timeline. On the old system, these were only counted once, meaning I was getting on average only 1 point for nearly every 40 answers. With the new weighted system, answers may be worth only 1 point, less than everything else, but that ceases to matter as much when I've got nearly 10000 of them. I had 264 points from them before. It doesn't take any fancy math to see where the big jump in overall points came from. Both before and after, answers have accounted for the majority of my points. Even moreso after than before. This is the potential of just the mere change of per-location to per-instance scoring. And considering in the past Google's little graphic that shows you how many total questions you've answered was from the very beginning of its implementation not capable of showing even a tiny fraction of my true total (it topped out at 3 digits before showing ">999", which it always showed for me from when it was first added), it's very possible Google was not expecting my sort of situation to happen. JG I probably do have too much free time... But I haven't really (I don't think at least) gone out of my way for this. Most of my points came from submitting pictures or as @XerBlade:disqus mentioned, answering questions. Whenever I went somewhere new I'd make sure to snap a pic of the store front and/or a pic inside. It was especially easy when my shop-a-holic aunt came with on a beach vacation the other year and we had to go to every souvenir shop on the island - even though a sane person should have noticed after the second or third shop they all had the same shirts, beer cozies etc... [And of course, on the way back home, we had to listen to her complain how my taking pictures (not her spending hours in each shop inspecting every shirt individually) caused her to only get to the beach twice the entire week we were there...] The only time I really went out of my way to submit stuff was semi-recently when Google had some contest to see which cities could be the most active. Spent the better part of an afternoon one weekend running around town submitting first-ever photos and filling in store hours/phone numbers etc using the "Discover Missing Info" feature. I figured my little middle-of-no-where town wouldn't make the list, but I had like 875 points or so... Figured I'd challenge myself to get to (or over) a thousand. YouNex 10 freaking levels ??? Adam Margeson Yup. We're doing the whole World of Warcraft thing and giving higher level caps now. /s Tomáš Petrík Is the new point-awarding retroactive? Will I get 5 points for each photo I have previously uploaded and 15 points for each place I have previously added? Karthik B yes you will. your earlier points would have been upgraded now Tomáš Petrík Yes, I just noticed a few hours ago. It wasn't converted yesterday, when I asked. I am suddenly Level 7 :) Jens Törnblad I really hope they convert our existing points to the new system. I have added a lot of missing places. Also the rewards are really bad now. I was promised an annual gift and put in a lot of work, but never got any gift other than the 1TB Drive for 2 years. Adam Margeson Check your points again. Looks like people's points are being recalculated based on all of your answers and edits. ast00 They should be giving people free Play cards. Andy I've given up contributing entirely since they reneged on their promise of an annual gift and stopped hosting events (it's maybe been 2 years since the last event they organised...) Why should I waste my time contributing to Google's content for free, in return for nothing? I know you're making money off this stuff Google ... how about sharing some of that? Or at least making me feel as though I'm important to you? No? Ok bye then! XerBlade Why should you? I don't know. For the good of your fellow Google Maps users maybe? You know, the only reason you should've been doing it from the start? [email protected] I don't care for this, but really active users should be able to get a Pixel phone/tablet for free. Shouldn't be that expensive for them. XerBlade It's live for me, but I've noticed something a bit off with it. It's fine on the Contribute page in the Google Maps app, but on the web, well, it looks like they forgot to replace a couple of the old strings. http://i68.tinypic.com/55mses.png oningam Regardless of incentives I keep on adding places and info useful to me and others mostly not related to commercial activities. BTW where are "Missions" for desktop? Brett Hayward I was a level 3 under the old system (almost 4) and just checked out my points. I am now a level 6 so ya, bonus. Captain_Invisible This updated system just got me from Level 4 to Level 6 😄 Michael D. I started adding places and correcting maps before the local guides program was announced. I just liked correcting and adding data I found useful. Then google started offering perks through the program. And some day they took them away. The truth is that all this data would be costly for google and they are getting it for free. I never cared much for those benefits, but removing them altogether is a joke. A true recognition of local guides' efforts would be giving them some, even small, PERMANENT storage space in Drive. 20 or 50 GB would do. All google have managed to do so far is remind me that the data I help them gather would otherwise cost them. A lot. PatQQ There should be some points awarded for the amount of views from your photos. Gautham Suki✓ⱽᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ From level 5, I'm promoted to level 7!! Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 173 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 34 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 148 1 Year Ago Today 5 years later, ADW Launcher 2.0 has been released - no, you are not dreaming - and it's insane 2016/06/16 7:10pm PDTJun 16, 2016 51 2 Years Ago Today Google Releases Topeka Demo Project For Android 2015/06/16 11:24am PDTJun 16, 2015 87 3 Years Ago Today Insult Your Friends In Style – Unicode 7.0 Standard Has 250 New Emoji, Including A Middle Finger 2014/06/16 4:21pm PDTJun 16, 2014 99 4 Years Ago Today [Weekend Poll] What's Your Preferred Tablet Display Size? 2013/06/16 12:08pm PDTJun 16, 2013 4 5 Years Ago Today Review: For Those Willing To Part With The EVO LTE's Paper-Thin Frame, Seidio's Surface, Active, And Convert Combo Cases Offer A Full Spectrum Of Protection 2012/06/16 12:56pm PDTJun 16, 2012 37 6 Years Ago Today Editorial: Android Tablets - Is It Just A Summer Fling, Or Are Manufacturers Here To Stay? 2011/06/16 5:30pm PDTJun 16, 2011 14 7 Years Ago Today Google Wants The Next Version of Android’s UI to Blow Your (And Manufacturers') Minds 2010/06/16 7:00pm PDTJun 16, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 176 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 90 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 30 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 115 queries | 0.817s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us How to turn an old phone into a Google Home +25,236 Joe Fedewa Jun 13th, 2017 publishUpdated   Jun 14th, 2017, 11:44 am Smartphones have been coming out at a rapid pace for over a decade now. You’ve probably upgraded from a perfectly fine phone for something shiny and new in that time. So what do you do with the old device? Unless you sell everything when you’re done, there’s a good chance you have a capable old phone lying around. We’ve shown you things to do with old phones before, but now we have something new. Google Home is a pretty cool device, but it’s really just a speaker with Google Assistant built-in. The same Google Assistant that is available on Android phones. You probably already have a device with Google Assistant (or the old Google voice search) built-in. Why not save $130 and just plug your old phone into a speaker of your own? It’s really that easy. What You Will Need To replicate Google Home as best we can, you will need a phone that supports Google Assistant. It’s currently available on Marshmallow and Nougat devices with Google Play Services. The device will also need at least 1.5GB of memory and a 720p display. If your old device is really old, it might not meet those requirements. In that case, you may be able to use the old Google voice search. The next thing you’ll need is a speaker. Any speaker will do (Bluetooth or wired) as long as it can stay powered on when plugged in. Some speakers will automatically turn off after extended inactivity. You want your speaker and phone to be able to listen and speak back at any time. Something like this cheap $35 speaker will work. How to Set Up The most important thing we need to do is make sure Google is listening at all times. Yes, that does sound creepy, but that’s how these home assistant speakers work. Make sure the Google app is up to date Open the Google app Go to Settings > Voice Select “Ok Google” Detection Follow the instructions to train your voice model Enable Say “Ok Google” any time Go back and select Hands-free Enable For Bluetooth devices and For wired headsets Go back and make sure Speach output it On Next, we’ll make sure Google Assistant is properly set up. Go back to the Google app settings Select Settings under Google Assistant Select Phone Make sure Google Assistant is enabled Under Preferred input, make sure Voice is selected The Google Assistant Settings is also where you can add smart home devices and customize a bunch of other stuff you might want to ask about. Put it all together Now that we have all the necessary components, we can assemble our Google Homebrew. Connect your phone to the speaker via Bluetooth or auxiliary cable. A wired connection is probably better for this situation. Both the phone and speaker will need to be plugged in at all times. Make sure the auto-off feature is disabled on the speaker. You’re ready to say “Ok Google.” Any command that would work with Google Home should work with your hacky set-up. Not everything will work perfectly, though. Some things will require action on the phone. If that’s something you don’t mind, this is a pretty easy way to make your own Google Home. If you find that this is really handy, you can go out and buy a real one. local_offer    Google Home   how to   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (4) stars Further Reading How to use Lite apps Google Home to get voice calling soon New Google Home ad published Hompod vs Google Home vs Amazon Echo Apple announces the Homepod stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertTop 5 Apps of the Week closeTop 5 Android Apps of the Week (June 9, 2017) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 2 more_vertTurn old phone into Google Home closeHow to turn an old phone into a Google Home You probably already have a device with Google Assistant (or the old Google voice search) built-in. Why not save $130 and make your own Google Home? 3 more_vertGoogle posts support deadline for Pixel, Nexus hardware closePSA: Google stops guaranteeing support for Pixel and Nexus devices the day they stop receiving updates Google has updated their support documents to note the time period which Pixel and Nexus owners can expect to receive support for their devices, both online or over the phone. 4 more_vertThe OnePlus 5 will start at $479 closeReport: The OnePlus 5 will be priced at $479 and will include 6GB RAM A new report claims that the OnePlus 5 will come in two variants; one with 6GB of RAM and another with 8GB of RAM. Pricing for the device is claimed to start at $479. 5 more_vertWhy US Sony phones don't use fingerprint sensors closeWe might finally know the real reason Sony couldn’t bring fingerprint sensors to the US, and it’s all Apple’s fault We’ve known that something was keeping Sony from using fingerprint sensors in the US, but now we know. It’s all Apple’s fault. Of course it’s Apple’s fault. 6 more_vertSamsung working on GPU closeSamsung is rumored to have created its own GPU for phones Samsung makes a lot of their smartphone components in-house, including the display and processors (in some models). A new rumor suggests they’re working on their own GPUs as well. 7 more_vertHTC U11 unboxing and first impressions [VIDEO] closeHTC U11 unboxing and first impressions [VIDEO] The HTC U11 is now officially available for purchase and with that, the Samsung Galaxy S8 just met its biggest competition yet. For more on our first impressions with the device, check out the post. 8 more_vertAndroid Auto experiencing a music bug closeGoogle Play Music on Android Auto not working? Google knows, and here’s a workaround Many Android Auto users have been chiming in regarding an issue that throws out an error message anytime they try to play music through Google Play Music, but Google is on the case, and here’s a workaround for you in the meantime. 9 more_vertGalaxy Note 8 may be first Snapdragon 836-powered smartphone closeSamsung Galaxy Note 8 rumored to be powered by Snapdragon 836 Rumors suggest the Galaxy Note 8 will be the first phone to arrive powered by the Snapdragon 836 processor. 10 more_vertGear S3 at Verizon closeSamsung Gear S3 Frontier and Classic are finally available at Verizon After nearly six months of waiting, the Samsung Gear S3 family is available at Verizon. Both the Gear S3 Frontier and Gear S3 Classic are on sale for $400 or $350 with a two-year contract. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DoD wants 2.1 percent pay raise•Top execs leave GSA•Big COLA for retirees? Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Timeline: Uber's rough year… Timeline: Uber’s rough year leads to CEO’s leave of absence By The Associated Press June 13, 2017 3:50 pm 3 min read Share Uber has had a rough year, largely of it its own making. There have been lawsuits, allegations of sexual harassment and a profanity-laced outburst by its CEO that was caught on video. On Tuesday, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick said he will take a leave of absence for an unspecified period to grieve for his mother — who died last month — and become a better leader. Here’s a timeline of Uber’s troubles so far this year. __ Jan. 28: After President Donald Trump releases his first executive order on immigration, New York taxi drivers protest by refusing to pick up passengers at Kennedy Airport for an hour. Some protesters say Uber tries to capitalize on the protest by picking up passengers anyway, prompting a Twitter protest urging people to delete Uber’s app from their smartphones. Sponsored Content - Download our Executive Briefing to learn how agency and industry experts are hoping to reduce insider threats. Advertisement — Feb. 2: Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits President Trump’s council of business leaders amid mounting pressure from employees and customers over the immigration order. — Feb. 19: A former Uber engineer, Susan Fowler, discloses sexual harassment and sexism claims in a blog post about her year at Uber. Fowler says her boss propositioned her and higher-ups ignored her complaints. Kalanick calls Fowler’s accusations “abhorrent” and hires former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to investigate. — Feb. 23: Waymo, a self-driving car company spun off from Google, sues Uber. Waymo alleges that Anthony Levandowski — a former top manager for Google’s self-driving car project — stole pivotal technology from Google before leaving to run Uber’s self-driving car division. — Feb. 28: A video emerges of Kalanick arguing with an Uber driver. It includes yelling and profanity and ends with a combative Kalanick dismissing the agitated driver’s claims that sharp reductions in fares forced him into bankruptcy. In an email to employees, Kalanick admits he needs leadership help. “I must fundamentally change as a leader and grow up,” he says. — March 3: The New York Times reveals that Uber used a phony version of its app to thwart authorities in cities where it was operating illegally. Uber’s so-called Greyball software identified regulators who were posing as riders and blocked access to them. The U.S. Justice Department is investigating Uber’s use of the Greyball software. — March 19: Uber’s president, Jeff Jones, resigns less than a year after joining the company. He tells the tech blog Recode that his approach to leadership is at odds with what he experienced at Uber. When will Congress approve another round of Base Realignment and Closures (BRAC)? Check out the latest defense news. __ April 18: Sherif Marakby, a global vice president who leads Uber’s self-driving car program, leaves the company. — April 27: Levandowski announces he is stepping aside while Uber defends itself against the allegations from Waymo. — May 11: A federal judge in San Francisco rejects Uber’s request for arbitration and refers Waymo’s case to the U.S. Attorney’s office for a possible criminal investigation. Days later the judge bans Uber from using technology taken from Waymo, but doesn’t order Uber to halt its self-driving vehicle program, as Waymo requested. The case is set for trial in October. __ May 26: Kalanick’s mother dies in a boating accident. His father is seriously injured. __ May 30: Uber fires Levandowski. __ May 31: Uber’s finance chief Gautam Gupta says he plans to leave the company in July. __ June 6: Uber fires 20 people after a law firm, Perkins Coie, investigates complaints of harassment, bullying and retaliation. That investigation, which was separate from Holder’s, checked into 215 complaints; 57 are still under investigation. __ June 11: Uber’s board meets with Holder and adopts a series of recommendations based on his report. __ June 12: Emil Michael, Uber’s senior vice president for business and a close ally of Kalanick, leaves the company. __ June 13: Kalanick tells Uber employees that he’s taking a leave for an unspecified period, but will be available for “the most strategic decisions.” Uber’s board releases Holder’s recommendations, which include removing some of Kalanick’s responsibilities and replacing Uber’s chairman and founder, Garrett Camp, with an independent chairman. Holder also recommends many cultural and policy changes, from establishing an effective complaint process to recruiting more diverse applicants to prohibiting alcohol and drug use during core work hours. Related Topics Business News Technology News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Timeline: Uber's rough year… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories Here’s how agencies are getting ready for the June 30 reorganization deadline Top Story OPM, SBA share responsibility for failed FY14 VERA/VSIP program Workforce EPA’s chief touts state partnerships and efficiency, despite bipartisan criticism of budget Management Defining your retirement objectives: What are you saving for? Commentary Current VA Choice funding drying up, without a replacement in place Veterans Affairs Fed Photo of the Day Interior Secretary Zinke tours national monument by canoe Today in History 1846: Border established between U.S. and Canada THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 15, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9666 -0.0247 2.80% L 2020 25.6837 -0.0658 4.59% L 2030 28.7165 -0.1163 6.52% L 2040 30.9710 -0.1479 7.46% L 2050 17.7841 -0.0965 8.30% G Fund 15.3496 0.0009 0.98% F Fund 17.9449 -0.0225 2.57% C Fund 33.8699 -0.0695 8.67% S Fund 43.8921 -0.2031 4.96% I Fund 27.9573 -0.4279 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google adds more Local Guides levels and ways to earn points Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/06/13 11:41am PDTJun 13, 2017 27 Plus 1 on G+ 122 Share on Facebook 35 Share on Twitter Total Shares184 Applications Google News Videos Google Maps has a lot of data, some of it contributed by users. Google is keenly aware that you can get people to contribute to a service rather easily as long as you give them points. The points don't even have to be good for anything, although Local Guides points do come with some rewards. Today, Google is adding new levels to the Local Guides program and offering new ways to earn points so you can reach these higher levels. Previously, there were only five Local Guides levels, but now there are ten of them. Levels four through ten also have a cool badge system. Badges are even better motivators than points. It's a scientific fact. As before, you can get perks after hitting level two that include nearly access to new features, and occasional discounts from Google and its partners. At levels four through ten, you get three free months of Play Music and 75% off a movie rental. Certain activities in Maps give you more point, like being the first to add a location. Starting now Local Guides can earn a smaller number of points from rating locations or fact checking other Guides. That's great, but can we get some more badges? Googleplz. Source: Google Blog Tags apps Google google maps local guides maps video subscribe ... Previous Story Google hires ex-Apple chipset veteran to help design SoCs for Pixel phones ... Next Story HMD Global launches Nokia 3, 5, and 6 in India Trending 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Chris Thurber Dang. I am only level 2, but those badges make me want to hit 10. (Not sarcastic) FelschR So what about past actions? Will we get the point difference? Frederico Silva Yes, they will convert the old points to the new system. johnforamerica Good! Since you can only add a location if you're the first to do so, ALL my added locations are worth more points. Wonder when these updated calcs are gonna hit... FelschR they hit me today^^ Nicholas Conrad I prefer the 2 years of 1tb of drive storage, thanks. MrCalifornia Yeah, make fun of it all you want but I saved $240 by agreeing to attach a bunch of my generic pics to places. Vlad I did that by modifying the schedules of all the McDrives in my country. They're 24/7. Just changed that from the lack of any at all. exadeci Google wins in the end, the storage doesn't cost them $240 and you are cheaper than a minimum wage worker. Nicholas Conrad Who's making fun? I genuinely prefer the free tb of drive storage I got. thomas sim I would prefer 'permanent' Drive storage upgrade, even small one. I have 19GB now, after my 2 years 100GB storage from HTC phone bundle expired free months ago. Daniel Do you need a credit card for the three free months of GPM? Chris Walton From the UK conditions - "Valid form of payment required at sign-up but will not be charged until the trial period expires" Daniel Darn, I was hoping they weren't gonna do that. LOL Fuск badges and points, give me free shiт you cheap basтards. One t-shirt and that's it? Wtf, I got 700 points already Suicide_Note Pfft. Amateur. JG I wouldn't complain if Google opted to convert our free bonus Drive space into free permanent Drive space... 1.019TB of cloud storage would be amazing! Or maybe some kind of discount on the new Pixel phones. If they want us submitting photos of local business, what better device to use to take the pictures than a Pixel 2 (considering Google has stated they plan to improve upon Pixel 1's already great camera)... EcE Nice wishlist. It would be great to keep the storage. I barely use it because I know it's going away. LOL Discount on Pixel 2..... keep dreaming :) 😆😄 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0bd6a2b693ce856e5dda0e36f8dbb306db6c0db24c441ef9a43fe5e2aad1b778.gif EcE "Valid for ONE 75% discount on a movie rental from eligible titles on Google Play" PFFT!! when I started three years ago, I was promised a yearly gift. Raymond Hawkins I know, right? Couldn't they at least have made it a free rental rather than 75% off? Really does not make it feel rewarding in any way. But then, maybe that's the idea -- they got too many people doing it for rewards and decided it was going to cost more than they wanted to spend. Or else that people would do it for less so why give more. EcE that's why they got rid of the Drive storage reward. I think they should've made it harder to get instead of removing it altogether. Chris Walton 3 months of google music.. for new subscribers only! Really? So the loyal users who put all this work into maps, and also likely to be into other google products, like music, get naff all Bit of a pointless incentive scheme nxtiak Yup... I've subscribed to Play Music since day one at $7.99, I've bought ALL the Nexus/Pixel phones and I don't get to take advantage of the free months they all come with. Wayren Wow. They really trashed the incentives for this program. catalysto They hardly do any events for Local Guides anymore either. They kind of dumped that onto us to organize for ourselves which is kind of lame. Tim Harman Of course, they're gotten all the data they wanted from us. It was always clear this would happen. In a few years when the map is super populated, they'll shutdown the LG scheme. catalysto I doubt that's the case; their data still pales in comparison to Yelp, for example. I think it's just Google's typical lack of follow-through. Adam Margeson Not so much lack of follow-through as always trying to take the lazy-man approach. Whatever method is most efficient and requires least effort on their part, including crowd-sourcing, and scrapping data if they find a slightly-more-efficient way, even if they can't use the existing data. EcE BTW #corrections: "nearly access to new features" early access to new features "Certain activities in Maps give you more point" points JG How about a "competition"... To see who gains the most when the new system is officially rolled out and our scores are modified to reflect the new system... At the moment, under the old system, I have 1,036 points... I'm predicting probably somewhere in the 5-6k range. YouNex No XerBlade No. That having been said, I jumped from 502 to 11807. A direct before and after based entirely on changing the way it's calculated, no new stuff added in between. Adam Margeson Funny. I jumped from 268 to only 1655. @JG: You've got too much time on your hands if you had over 1000 points on the old system. Or you live in an area that no one has filled in. Living in a well-mapped city leaves little to add without spending large sums of time nitpicking things. XerBlade The really big jump in my case was for one simple reason. Answers. Points are now counted per instance instead of per location. I've always answered every single question it gave me for every location in my timeline. On the old system, these were only counted once, meaning I was getting on average only 1 point for nearly every 40 answers. With the new weighted system, answers may be worth only 1 point, less than everything else, but that ceases to matter as much when I've got nearly 10000 of them. I had 264 points from them before. It doesn't take any fancy math to see where the big jump in overall points came from. Both before and after, answers have accounted for the majority of my points. Even moreso after than before. This is the potential of just the mere change of per-location to per-instance scoring. And considering in the past Google's little graphic that shows you how many total questions you've answered was from the very beginning of its implementation not capable of showing even a tiny fraction of my true total (it topped out at 3 digits before showing ">999", which it always showed for me from when it was first added), it's very possible Google was not expecting my sort of situation to happen. JG I probably do have too much free time... But I haven't really (I don't think at least) gone out of my way for this. Most of my points came from submitting pictures or as @XerBlade:disqus mentioned, answering questions. Whenever I went somewhere new I'd make sure to snap a pic of the store front and/or a pic inside. It was especially easy when my shop-a-holic aunt came with on a beach vacation the other year and we had to go to every souvenir shop on the island - even though a sane person should have noticed after the second or third shop they all had the same shirts, beer cozies etc... [And of course, on the way back home, we had to listen to her complain how my taking pictures (not her spending hours in each shop inspecting every shirt individually) caused her to only get to the beach twice the entire week we were there...] The only time I really went out of my way to submit stuff was semi-recently when Google had some contest to see which cities could be the most active. Spent the better part of an afternoon one weekend running around town submitting first-ever photos and filling in store hours/phone numbers etc using the "Discover Missing Info" feature. I figured my little middle-of-no-where town wouldn't make the list, but I had like 875 points or so... Figured I'd challenge myself to get to (or over) a thousand. YouNex 10 freaking levels ??? Adam Margeson Yup. We're doing the whole World of Warcraft thing and giving higher level caps now. /s Tomáš Petrík Is the new point-awarding retroactive? Will I get 5 points for each photo I have previously uploaded and 15 points for each place I have previously added? Karthik B yes you will. your earlier points would have been upgraded now Tomáš Petrík Yes, I just noticed a few hours ago. It wasn't converted yesterday, when I asked. I am suddenly Level 7 :) Jens Törnblad I really hope they convert our existing points to the new system. I have added a lot of missing places. Also the rewards are really bad now. I was promised an annual gift and put in a lot of work, but never got any gift other than the 1TB Drive for 2 years. Adam Margeson Check your points again. Looks like people's points are being recalculated based on all of your answers and edits. ast00 They should be giving people free Play cards. Andy I've given up contributing entirely since they reneged on their promise of an annual gift and stopped hosting events (it's maybe been 2 years since the last event they organised...) Why should I waste my time contributing to Google's content for free, in return for nothing? I know you're making money off this stuff Google ... how about sharing some of that? Or at least making me feel as though I'm important to you? No? Ok bye then! XerBlade Why should you? I don't know. For the good of your fellow Google Maps users maybe? You know, the only reason you should've been doing it from the start? [email protected] I don't care for this, but really active users should be able to get a Pixel phone/tablet for free. Shouldn't be that expensive for them. XerBlade It's live for me, but I've noticed something a bit off with it. It's fine on the Contribute page in the Google Maps app, but on the web, well, it looks like they forgot to replace a couple of the old strings. http://i68.tinypic.com/55mses.png oningam Regardless of incentives I keep on adding places and info useful to me and others mostly not related to commercial activities. BTW where are "Missions" for desktop? Brett Hayward I was a level 3 under the old system (almost 4) and just checked out my points. I am now a level 6 so ya, bonus. Captain_Invisible This updated system just got me from Level 4 to Level 6 😄 Michael D. I started adding places and correcting maps before the local guides program was announced. I just liked correcting and adding data I found useful. Then google started offering perks through the program. And some day they took them away. The truth is that all this data would be costly for google and they are getting it for free. I never cared much for those benefits, but removing them altogether is a joke. A true recognition of local guides' efforts would be giving them some, even small, PERMANENT storage space in Drive. 20 or 50 GB would do. All google have managed to do so far is remind me that the data I help them gather would otherwise cost them. A lot. PatQQ There should be some points awarded for the amount of views from your photos. Gautham Suki✓ⱽᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ From level 5, I'm promoted to level 7!! Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 173 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 34 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 148 1 Year Ago Today 5 years later, ADW Launcher 2.0 has been released - no, you are not dreaming - and it's insane 2016/06/16 7:10pm PDTJun 16, 2016 51 2 Years Ago Today Google Releases Topeka Demo Project For Android 2015/06/16 11:24am PDTJun 16, 2015 87 3 Years Ago Today Insult Your Friends In Style – Unicode 7.0 Standard Has 250 New Emoji, Including A Middle Finger 2014/06/16 4:21pm PDTJun 16, 2014 99 4 Years Ago Today [Weekend Poll] What's Your Preferred Tablet Display Size? 2013/06/16 12:08pm PDTJun 16, 2013 4 5 Years Ago Today Review: For Those Willing To Part With The EVO LTE's Paper-Thin Frame, Seidio's Surface, Active, And Convert Combo Cases Offer A Full Spectrum Of Protection 2012/06/16 12:56pm PDTJun 16, 2012 37 6 Years Ago Today Editorial: Android Tablets - Is It Just A Summer Fling, Or Are Manufacturers Here To Stay? 2011/06/16 5:30pm PDTJun 16, 2011 14 7 Years Ago Today Google Wants The Next Version of Android’s UI to Blow Your (And Manufacturers') Minds 2010/06/16 7:00pm PDTJun 16, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 176 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 90 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 30 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 115 queries | 0.817s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
- The World Login | Register | Subscribe Search Search Stories Search Web Search Classifieds Advanced Search  Privacy About Our Ads Home more QUICK CLICKS: News Police Reports Legals Weather Obituaries Home Delivery Archives RSS Oregon Drift News more News Homepage National/World Police Reports Public Records Legals Weather Business Science / Health Obituaries Archives RSS Sports more Sports Homepage Outdoors National Sports Tide Charts Golf Course Guide Fishing Blog Community more Community Homepage Events Calendar Anniversaries Births Obituaries Cuisine Education Home & Garden Religion Weddings Weird News Entertainment more Entertainment & Arts Local Art Movies Free Games Sudoku Online Forums Opinion more Opinion Homepage Letters to the Editor Editorials Blogs Kudos Cheers & Jeers Blog Multimedia more Multimedia Homepage Photo Slideshows Videos Photo Galleries Special Reports Special Sections Photo Desk Blog Classifieds more Place an Ad Automotive Top Jobs Real Estate Financial Legals Merchandise Notices Rentals Bulletin Board View This Week's Ads Jun 13, 3:50 PM EDT Timeline: Uber's rough year leads to CEO Travis Kalanick's leave of absence Uber has had a rough year, largely of it its own making. There have been lawsuits, allegations of sexual harassment and a profanity-laced outburst by its CEO that was caught on video. On Tuesday, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick said he will take a leave of absence for an unspecified period to grieve for his mother - who died last month - and become a better leader. Here's a timeline of Uber's troubles so far this year. -- Jan. 28: After President Donald Trump releases his first executive order on immigration, New York taxi drivers protest by refusing to pick up passengers at Kennedy Airport for an hour. Some protesters say Uber tries to capitalize on the protest by picking up passengers anyway, prompting a Twitter protest urging people to delete Uber's app from their smartphones. - Feb. 2: Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits President Trump's council of business leaders amid mounting pressure from employees and customers over the immigration order. - Feb. 19: A former Uber engineer, Susan Fowler, discloses sexual harassment and sexism claims in a blog post about her year at Uber. Fowler says her boss propositioned her and higher-ups ignored her complaints. Kalanick calls Fowler's accusations "abhorrent" and hires former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to investigate. - Feb. 23: Waymo, a self-driving car company spun off from Google, sues Uber. Waymo alleges that Anthony Levandowski - a former top manager for Google's self-driving car project - stole pivotal technology from Google before leaving to run Uber's self-driving car division. - Feb. 28: A video emerges of Kalanick arguing with an Uber driver. It includes yelling and profanity and ends with a combative Kalanick dismissing the agitated driver's claims that sharp reductions in fares forced him into bankruptcy. In an email to employees, Kalanick admits he needs leadership help. "I must fundamentally change as a leader and grow up," he says. - March 3: The New York Times reveals that Uber used a phony version of its app to thwart authorities in cities where it was operating illegally. Uber's so-called Greyball software identified regulators who were posing as riders and blocked access to them. The U.S. Justice Department is investigating Uber's use of the Greyball software. - March 19: Uber's president, Jeff Jones, resigns less than a year after joining the company. He tells the tech blog Recode that his approach to leadership is at odds with what he experienced at Uber. -- April 18: Sherif Marakby, a global vice president who leads Uber's self-driving car program, leaves the company. - April 27: Levandowski announces he is stepping aside while Uber defends itself against the allegations from Waymo. - May 11: A federal judge in San Francisco rejects Uber's request for arbitration and refers Waymo's case to the U.S. Attorney's office for a possible criminal investigation. Days later the judge bans Uber from using technology taken from Waymo, but doesn't order Uber to halt its self-driving vehicle program, as Waymo requested. The case is set for trial in October. -- May 26: Kalanick's mother dies in a boating accident. His father is seriously injured. -- May 30: Uber fires Levandowski. -- May 31: Uber's finance chief Gautam Gupta says he plans to leave the company in July. -- June 6: Uber fires 20 people after a law firm, Perkins Coie, investigates complaints of harassment, bullying and retaliation. That investigation, which was separate from Holder's, checked into 215 complaints; 57 are still under investigation. -- June 11: Uber's board meets with Holder and adopts a series of recommendations based on his report. -- June 12: Emil Michael, Uber's senior vice president for business and a close ally of Kalanick, leaves the company. -- June 13: Kalanick tells Uber employees that he's taking a leave for an unspecified period, but will be available for "the most strategic decisions." Uber's board releases Holder's recommendations, which include removing some of Kalanick's responsibilities and replacing Uber's chairman and founder, Garrett Camp, with an independent chairman. Holder also recommends many cultural and policy changes, from establishing an effective complaint process to recruiting more diverse applicants to prohibiting alcohol and drug use during core work hours. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Learn more about our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.   Sponsored by: Current Conditions Marketplace Jobs Cars Homes Top Ads <p></p> Connect with Us RSS Twitter Facebook Mobile Sections Homepage News Sports Community Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Multimedia Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Services Advertise on Our Site Make us your Homepage Contact Us About Us Privacy Policy Subscriber services Events Calendar Home Delivery Yellow Pages Online Jobs at The World Online Forms RSS Other Websites Let's Go Relocation Guide Toast the Coast Bandon Visitors Guide Oregon Go Green Special Sections Other Newspapers Bandon Western World The Umpqua Post Coffee Break Search Lee Enterprises A Lee Enterprises subsidiary Other Lee Websites Add to My Yahoo © Copyright , The World, 350 Commercial St. Coos Bay, Oregon | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Trending Galaxy S8 Android O Pixel XL LG G6 Nougat updates Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google showcases great Play Store apps with new Android Excellence collections Newsby John Callaham2 days ago 5 312 26 With well over a million apps to choose from in the Google Play Store, Android device owners understandably find it hard sometimes to locate the best apps for their phone or tablet. Today, Google announced a makeover of the Editors’ Choice section of the Play Store, with the new Android Excellence collections for apps and games. See also: 10 best facts apps for Android 2 weeks ago The Android Excellence collections will, according to Google, offer a way for phone and tablet owners to find “incredible user experiences on Android”. These apps and games all have features like great design, technical performance, localization, and device optimization. These collections will be refreshed every three months in the Play Store. Here’s a quick look at the apps in the debut Android Excellence Collection: AliExpress by Alibaba Mobile B&H Photo Video by B&H Photo Video Citymapper by Citymapper Limited Drivvo by Drivvo drupe by drupe Evernote by Evernote Corporation HotelTonight by HotelTonight Kitchen Stories by Kitchen Stories Komoot by komoot GmbH Lifesum by Lifesum Memrise by Memrise Pocket by Read It Later Runtastic Running & Fitness by Runtastic Skyscanner by Skyscanner Ltd Sleep as Android by Urbandroid Team Vivino by Vivino The first group of games in the Android Excellence Collection include: After the End Forsaken Destiny by NEXON M Inc. CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars by ZeptoLab Golf Clash by Playdemic Hitman GO Square Enix Ltd Horizon Chase by Aquiris Game Studio S.A Kill Shot Bravo by Hothead Games Lineage Red Knights by NCSOFT Corporation Nonstop Knight by flaregames PAC-MAN 256 – Endless Maze by Bandai Namco Entertainment Europe Pictionary by Etermax Reigns by DevolverDigital Riptide GP: Renegade by Vector Unit Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes by Electronic Arts Titan Brawl by Omnidrone Toca Blocks by Toca Boca Transformers: Forged to Fight by Kabam These collections of apps and games will be included in the Editors’ Choice section of the Google Play Store, which will stick around to offer curated reviews from Google’s editorial team. News Google Play Store Google Play Store  Google John Callaham John was a newspaper reporter before becoming a technology and video/PC gaming writer in 2000. He lives in Greer, SC with his wife and five cats. Show 5 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus International Giveaway! 5 days ago40 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Entertainment More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos Live TV TIMES NEWS - RADIO Modi Government Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Hindi Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Bollywood Bollywood News Previews Did you Know ? Box Office Specials FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT Movie Reviews Music Music News Music Videos Music Reviews Music Events FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT Top 10 FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT Theatre FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT Specials Events Beauty Pageants Photos Videos ALL News Previews Did you Know ? Box Office Specials News » Entertainment » Hindi » Bollywood » News » First-of-its-kind trailer launch for Arjun Rampal Israeli beauty queen's bikini avatar  Mandira's hot Sri Lankan getaway Amy Jackson dares to bare Ileana's gorgeous holiday pics w/ bf Actress found dead in her home 20 years of Border: Success Party Hrudayantar: Music Launch ‘Batman’ star Adam West dies at 88 Priyanka reveals why she chose to be a villain in ‘Baywatch’ Katrina Kaif opens up about her Hollywood debut After Deepika, now Priyanka wants her Hollywood co-star Dwayne Johnson to visit India Oscars 2017: Emma Stone wins best actress, Casey Affleck wins best actor Oscars 2017: Priyanka Chopra stuns in white Ralph and Russo gown Vartika Singh feat. Rahat Fateh Ali Khan's Saware song 'La La Land' creates a record at Golden Globes 2017 with seven wins Anushka Sharma, Virat Kohli to get engaged in Dehradun? First-of-its-kind trailer launch for Arjun Rampal’s 'Daddy' The actor released the trailer of his biopic on Arun Gawli at Google's Headquarters in the US. Also, he's only the fifth Bollywood celebrity to be invited by the international search giant.TNN | Jun 14, 2017, 01.00 AM IST Arjun Rampal Yesterday was rather special for National Award-winning actor, Arjun Rampal. In a first for a Bollywood film, the trailer of his upcoming movie, 'Daddy', was launched at the Google headquarters in California. He is the fifth Indian film personality — after Shah Rukh Khan, AR Rahman, Ajay Devgn and Kajol — to be extended a special invite by the search engine. Besides streaming the trailer, Arjun also chatted live with audiences from across the globe. He says, "It was an honour to be invited by the world's most popular search engine to unveil my film's trailer. With this, I've created maximum reach for my film, and also connected personally with each and every fan of mine. Daddy is special for me because it has a lot of emotions associated with it, both on-screen and off it. Honestly, I couldn't have asked for more." The Ashim Ahluwalia directorial, which will hit screens on July 21, is a biopic on the underworld don, Arun Gawli. It also features Aishwarya Rajesh, Nishikant Kamat, Rajesh Shringarpure and Anand Ingale in pivotal roles. Arjun adds, "From the rough streets and back alleys of Central Mumbai, he scripted his own destiny, eventually going on to become one of India's most feared mobsters. Today, he remains an enigmatic figure; at once a volatile, power-hungry gangster for some and the venerated 'Daddy' or a modern-day Robin Hood for the working-class neighbourhood he belongs to. The story follows the intertwined fates of the world-weary Gawli as he attempts to enter politics and a resentful, frustrated police inspector with a secret history in the mob." During his tour across the US, Arjun also joined hands with an NGO and participated in gala dinners organised by it in Houston, New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco. The actor urged people to help provide food and education to the underprivileged kids in India and also raised a considerable amount for the initiative. Arjun Rampal's 'Daddy' to release on July 21 00:45 Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Know Lung Cancer Treatment Better, Live A Better Life Lung Cancer Info - Sponsored Ads The Most Surprisingly Tall Women in Hollywood Livingly The Most Dangerous Snakes Found On The Planet Greeningz More from The Times of India FYJC admission: Part 2 form filling from Friday Raajakumara takes over Baahubali 2 Tech sector blown fuse can signal volatility power up From the Web More From The Times of India Find a State Farm® agent near you!State Farm Insurance The Best SUV Crossovers of 2017New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads Best Luxury Senior Living Apartments in CliftonLuxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads Have You Seen These Top Crossover SUVs?Crossover SUV - Sponsored Ads Who Says Playing Video Games Is a Waste of Time?WSJ for TAGG Six Capital NRI entrepreneur buys Kohli painting for £2.9 million Let it bleed: Breaking taboos around menstrual hygiene Navi Mumbai airport levelling work begins Kerala women care for their families, but deprive themselves Reliance, BP to invest Rs 40,000cr in gas field Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Subscribe today! Join Our newsletter Follow Us@TOIEntertain Most Popular B'wood actresses who got trolled for their outfit choices Taimur to go on his 1st international trip? 'Sairat' actress Rinku Rajguru clears class 10th exam Actress Rinku Rajguru, who shot to fame overnight with the Marathi blockbuster 'Sairat', has cleared her class 10 exam with 66 percent marks. Dangal producers to get only 25% of massive box-office collections in China Dangal has made history at Chinese box-office but despite movie's successful run in China, the producers of the movie will get only 25% share of the collections. Katrina shares a dance rehearsal video with Ranbir Bollywood actress Katrina Kaif shared a video of herself with Ranbir Kapoor from their dance rehearsal where the two are seen synching their dance steps like a dream. FacebookTwitter Read MoreunderworldTrailerGoogleDaddyBollywood Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Watch: Arjun Rampal slays as a gangster in this trailer of ‘Daddy’ Here’s why Shah Rukh Khan moved his movie dates for Akshay Kumar Harshvardhan Kapoor doesn’t like talking about his love life 1First-of-its-kind trailer launch for Arjun Rampal’s 'Daddy' 2Watch: Arjun Rampal slays as a gangster in this trailer of ‘Daddy’ 3Here’s why Shah Rukh Khan moved his movie dates for Akshay Kumar 4Harshvardhan Kapoor doesn’t like talking about his love life Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Economic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Narendra Modi New 500 rupee note Champions Trophy 2017 GST Rates List Sensex Grenade attack in J&K Virat Kohli Live: Terror attack in J&K Rahul Gandhi Rajnath Singh Kritika Choudhary Mandsaur News Vijay Mallya WWE Results GST News services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web ICC Champions Trophy Dark Circles How to Get Pregnant Ramadan Fasting Rules Sunny Leone Photos XXX Photos Weight Loss Tips Ramadan Festival 2017 Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics Exam Results 2017 UP Board 12th Results UP Board 10th Results MSBSHSE 10th result Raabta Collection xXx UP Intermediate Result UP High School Result IIT JEE Adv Results Maharashtra Board 10th Result Raabta Review Sunny Leone Photos Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service ` The times of india Login now & get a free Dunkin’ Shaken Iced CoffeeGet Free Coffee
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations SF Bay Area Events Calendar SF Bay Area Events Promotion Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer SF Bay Area Events Online Marketing Promotion, By Zennie62Media #SFEvents YT Live ComicCon Oscars ATL CHI CLE DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA PHL SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ads LOG FLS Priv Report: LG Manufacturing Google’s Pixel XL 2 ‘Taimen’ – Android Headlines Posted on Jun 13 2017 - 11:09am by Zennie Abraham Categorized as tech 28 Related Chinese start-up Mobike gains $600 million in biggest financing round to date – Reuters Android Headlines LG Electronics is manufacturing Google’s successor to the Pixel XL codenamed “Taimen,” as suggested by a bug report log that was uncovered in the Android Issue Tracker’s database earlier today. In a short exchange over “USB PD Compliance Failure” that … Google Pixel 2 Concept, Taimen, And Manufacturer UpdateValueWalk Pixel 2 XL has reportedly been canceled for an even bigger Google phoneBGR LG Will Reportedly Be Manufacturing The Google Pixel XL 2Ubergizmo Phone Arena –International Business Times –Neowin –NDTV all 85 news articles …read more Source:: Tech News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Seattle Blog - Cleveland Blog - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . [yourchannel user="Zennie62"] Zennie62 Email List Name Email * Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Talking With Regular Zennie62 Viewers KC Chiefs Jeremy Maclin Release Allows Patrick Mahomes Signing - NFL News New Twitter Same As The Old Twitter For Me #SocialMedia Leigh Steinberg Talks Denver Broncos Paxton Lynch, KC Chiefs Patrick Mahomes NFL Talk Live Draymond Green Talks Quickie T-Shirt At Warriors Parade Leigh Steinberg Talks NFL Patrick Mahomes, Paxton Lynch Live Zennie62 5PM EST Griz Jones Oakland Raiders Forever Oakland Leader Talk NFL Vegas Sen Bernie Sanders Issues Statement On James T Hodgkinson James T Hodgkinson Congressional Shooter's Facebook Page Found - Bernie Sanders Fan Grenfell Tower Fire London Broke Out Middle Of Night Eric Decker Jeremy Maclin Make Joe Flacco Elite NFL QB http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Cities Austin Dallas Houston San Antonio Fort Worth City Guide Events Video Restaurants + Bars Entertainment Arts Society Sports City Life Fashion + Beauty Real Estate Home + Design Innovation Travel Cities Austin Dallas Houston San Antonio Fort Worth GO GO Restaurants + Bars THE LATEST Truck Stop Dining Texas celebrity chef Tim Love gussies up gas station food across U.S. By Teresa Gubbins 'Tis the season 10 amazing soft-shell crab dishes to try now at Houston restaurants By Marcy de Luna Ninfa's On TV Fave TV food show returns with visit to iconic Tex-Mex restaurant By Eric Sandler SPONSORED BY Entertainment THE LATEST Weekend events planner Here are the top 8 things to do in Houston this weekend By Marcy de Luna Staying Put SXSW rejects call to leave Texas over controversial law By John Egan Movie Review The Mummy is a monster way to start off a franchise By Alex Bentley SPONSORED BY Arts THE LATEST Summer Fun Pipilotti Rist creates fantastic voyage of human mind in cool exhibit By Sydney Arceneaux Read All About It Texas' biggest book festival announces 12 top authors for 2017 By Nicole Raney The Review is In Circus offers guilt-free thrills with elephant puppets, exciting show By Lindsey Wilson SPONSORED BY Society THE LATEST Making Literacy Work Heavy hitters honor Astros star at Mayor's Literacy Breakfast By Heather Staible Tee up for charity Young professionals tee off and score big for counseling center By Georgie Ferrell Mother Day Soiree International Soiree celebrates with Bollywood glamour, dazzling gowns By Clifford Pugh SPONSORED BY Sports THE LATEST Deshaun Fever Deshaun fever strikes Houston: Will Watson finish as Texans starter? By Joshua Jordan ESPN97.5 batter up Astros legends lead parade of athletes at Tristar Collector's Show By Ken Hoffman All-Star Bowlers Astros star George Springer's benefit hits a grand slam for kids By Ken Hoffman SPONSORED BY City Guide THE LATEST Entertainment Zoya Tommy Contemporary Restaurants Il Mascalzone - Shepherd Shops American Apparel SPONSORED BY Events THE LATEST 6.16.17 | 9:00 am Holocaust Museum Houston presents "Vedem: the Underground Magazine of the Terezin Ghetto" opening reception 6.16.17 | 10:30 am A.D. Players presents The Lion, The Witch & The Wardrobe 6.16.17 | 1:00 pm Houston Summer Boat Show SPONSORED BY Subscribe City Life THE LATEST Drive-thru Gourmet Meat Lovers Stuffed Hash Browns makes you wonder, how'd they do that? By Ken Hoffman Summer in Houston Here are the most popular places to go in Houston this summer By Nicole Raney Texting and Driving 3 biggest problems with the new ban on texting in Texas By Rani Monson SPONSORED BY Fashion + Beauty THE LATEST Ben Platt's Big Night Tony winner Ben Platt scores style points thanks to Houston shirtmaker By Clifford Pugh Where to Shop Now Where to shop: New summer products, sales, and store openings By Alexandria Williams Adios Utopia Cuban art exhibit sparks creative spirit in Fashion Fusion designers By Clifford Pugh SPONSORED BY Real Estate THE LATEST Best 'Burb Houston suburb declared one of the best places in nation for families By Arden Ward On the Market Celeb chef's Houston home is made for entertaining in style By Clifford Pugh First-Timer Friendly 2 Texas cities land on list of 10 best for first-time homebuyers By Lindsey Wilson SPONSORED BY Home + Design THE LATEST Divine design Renovation of Heights home adds a touch of boho chic for new family By Jess McBride, Houzz Glamping Hits New Heights These amazing Texas treehouses take glamping to new heights By Lauramay LaChance Green Thumb 6 expert ways to save on your garden renovation By Lauren Dunec Hoang, Houzz SPONSORED BY Innovation THE LATEST Forget Tinder Exclusive dating app dubbed 'Tinder for elites' launches in Houston By John Egan Calling all gamers Houston entrepreneurs take online gaming to a new level with GamerWall By Marcy de Luna Love Where You Work Houston hospital giants rank high on list of nation's best employers By Nicole Raney SPONSORED BY Travel THE LATEST Worthwhile Road Trips Unexpected Texas getaways: New adventures in 4 unlikely places By Julia Bunch Get Your Passport Ready Grand Cayman getaway: Beautiful beaches, great diving in the Caribbean By Jayme Lamm Lake Getaways Best Hill Country lake getaways to beat the heat — and escape crowds By Deborah Hamilton-Lynne SPONSORED BY Video CM Events Home » City Life Texans Who Party H-Town's best party planners, florists, caterers, venues on elite list This Week's Hot Headlines Restaurant drama and free summer fun lead this week's top stories LATEST NEWS Here are the most popular places to go in Houston this summer Summer in Houston Here are the most popular places to go in Houston this summer Here are the most popular places to go in Houston this summer By Nicole Raney 6.13.17 | 2:10 pm TopGolf comes up twice in the list of top 10 most popular summer bars.  Topgolf/Facebook Houstonians are all about patios, burgers, and outdoor adventures during the summer months. That's according to new data from Google Maps, which shows the top trending summer destinations in the city. Google defines Houston's top trending places as the locations that experienced the highest increase in directions requests during the summertime, from the Friday before Memorial Day through Labor Day. The tech giant provides a breakdown for the most popular bars, restaurants, tourist attractions, and parks in the Bayou City. Some are listed more than once, some are now closed, some don't fit the category, and some aren't even in Houston. What can we say, other than it's our IP address and we'll Google what we want. Read on for the results. Top trending restaurants: Chick-fil-A Kata Robata Sweet Tomatoes - The Woodlands TGI Fridays  Pondicheri Del Frisco's Grille Jolllibee Twin Peaks - Kirby  PDQ Taco Bell Top trending bars: TopGolf Hopdoddy Burger Bar Karbach Brewing Co. Dave & Buster's Main Event Entertainment  Drink Houston Conservatory Underground Beer Garden & Food Hall TopGolf 5th Amendment Bar Champps Top trending tourist attractions: Space Center Houston JPMorgan Chase Waugh Drive Bat Colony Boardwalk Inn San Jacinto Museum of History Memorial Hermann Medical Plaza Battleship Texas State Historic Site Cockrell Butterfly Center Six Flags Mickey Leland Federal Building  Top trending parks: Hermann Park CityCentre Oyster Creek Park Eleanor Tinsley Park Gerald D. Hines Waterwall Park Sylvan Beach Park Meyer Park - dog park Water Hall Park Clear Lake Park Sesquicentennial Park  Read These Next Hawaii's ultimate thrill ride: View of erupting volcano from lava boat Unexpected Texas getaways: New adventures in 4 unlikely places These amazing Texas treehouses take glamping to new heights Hawaii's ultimate thrill ride: View of erupting volcano from lava boat Unexpected Texas getaways: New adventures in 4 unlikely places These amazing Texas treehouses take glamping to new heights Comments Latest News Trending Now Brewery explosive growth, restaurant news are hot topics on podcast Sports talk: No time to panic but Astros need another starting pitcher Steakhouse to the stars celebrates anniversary with a big blowout bash Shortage of nitros oxide makes visit to dentist no laughing matter Houston billionaire lands Catch with celebrity NYC-based seafood spot See All Latest News > Where to Eat Now: 10 new restaurants to try in June and one to avoid 10 amazing soft-shell crab dishes to try now at Houston restaurants Fave TV food show returns with visit to iconic Tex-Mex restaurant Here are the top 8 things to do in Houston this weekend Here are the most popular places to go in Houston this summer 6/15 Why everyone's clamoring to live in Houston's impressive new high-rise 4/18 How this modern Houston high-rise is redefining apartment living 6/12 Why now is the right time for millennials to buy a home 12/30 Why business is about more than the bottom line for Houston's AmCap 10/7 Here’s why you don’t want to wait for a lower mortgage interest rate 6/6 Vital Houston nonprofit receives $100,000 donation and recognition from Reliant 12/20 Reliant’s tech toys keep your home safe and secure this holiday season 9/28 Nifty stations ensure every Houstonian’s mobile phone stays charged 6/15 Shortage of nitros oxide makes visit to dentist no laughing matter 6/14 Meat Lovers Stuffed Hash Browns makes you wonder, how'd they do that? 6/13 Astros legends lead parade of athletes at Tristar Collector's Show 6/15 Where to Eat Now: 10 new restaurants to try in June and one to avoid 6/13 10 amazing soft-shell crab dishes to try now at Houston restaurants 6/5 21 exciting bars and restaurants coming to Houston this summer Home | About Us | News Tips & Suggestions | Submit An Event | Advertise | Jobs | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy © 2017 CultureMap LLC. All Rights Reserved. We will not share or sell your email address Newsletters for exploring your city Please verify your e-mail by following the link we just sent you. Look for an e-mail from CultureMap <mailer@culturemap.co> Get a higher interest rate on your account
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Here are the first 32 Android apps and games Google thinks are amazing +13,165 Quentyn Kennemer Jun 13th, 2017 We knew this was coming, and now Google is putting things into motion. They have announced Android Excellence, the name of their new Google Play category which highlights the top Android apps and games. The team curates a specific list of apps and games which conform to best practices, are well optimized, have great and unique layouts, and more. Some of the apps and games you’ll know, while others may be new to you. This is a great incentive by Google for developers to create the best apps they can in every way imaginable. It’s not just enough to have a good idea — you have to execute on that idea, and execute exceptionally well. Google took 16 apps and 16 games to highlight, and this list will be refreshed as time goes on as the company has stated they’ll be changing it every quarter. Have a look ahead. AliExpress by Alibaba Mobile B&H Photo Video by B&H Photo Video Citymapper by Citymapper Limited Drivvo by Drivvo drupe by drupe Evernote by Evernote Corporation HotelTonight by HotelTonight Kitchen Stories by Kitchen Stories Komoot by komoot GmbH Lifesum by Lifesum Memrise by Memrise Pocket by Read It Later Runtastic Running & Fitness by Runtastic Skyscanner by Skyscanner Ltd Sleep as Android by Urbandroid Team Vivino by Vivino After the End Forsaken Destiny by NEXON M Inc. CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars by ZeptoLab Golf Clash by Playdemic Hitman GO Square Enix Ltd Horizon Chase by Aquiris Game Studio S.A Kill Shot Bravo by Hothead Games Lineage Red Knights by NCSOFT Corporation Nonstop Knight by flaregames PAC-MAN 256 – Endless Maze by Bandai Namco Entertainment Europe Pictionary™ by Etermax Reigns by DevolverDigital Riptide GP: Renegade by Vector Unit Star Wars™: Galaxy of Heroes by Electronic Arts Titan Brawl by Omnidrone Toca Blocks by Toca Boca Transformers: Forged to Fight by Kabam You’ll be able to see all this under a new category on the Google Play Store on your phone, or on the web right here. [via Google] local_offer    Google   Google Play   Google Play Store   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (1) stars Further Reading Google Now transparent design Pixel Launcher crosses 1 million downloads Google hires former Apple SoC architect Android Auto experiencing a music bug Google will keep two devices in the Pixel 2 lineup stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertTop 5 Apps of the Week closeTop 5 Android Apps of the Week (June 9, 2017) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 2 more_vertTurn old phone into Google Home closeHow to turn an old phone into a Google Home You probably already have a device with Google Assistant (or the old Google voice search) built-in. Why not save $130 and make your own Google Home? 3 more_vertGoogle posts support deadline for Pixel, Nexus hardware closePSA: Google stops guaranteeing support for Pixel and Nexus devices the day they stop receiving updates Google has updated their support documents to note the time period which Pixel and Nexus owners can expect to receive support for their devices, both online or over the phone. 4 more_vertThe OnePlus 5 will start at $479 closeReport: The OnePlus 5 will be priced at $479 and will include 6GB RAM A new report claims that the OnePlus 5 will come in two variants; one with 6GB of RAM and another with 8GB of RAM. Pricing for the device is claimed to start at $479. 5 more_vertWhy US Sony phones don't use fingerprint sensors closeWe might finally know the real reason Sony couldn’t bring fingerprint sensors to the US, and it’s all Apple’s fault We’ve known that something was keeping Sony from using fingerprint sensors in the US, but now we know. It’s all Apple’s fault. Of course it’s Apple’s fault. 6 more_vertSamsung working on GPU closeSamsung is rumored to have created its own GPU for phones Samsung makes a lot of their smartphone components in-house, including the display and processors (in some models). A new rumor suggests they’re working on their own GPUs as well. 7 more_vertHTC U11 unboxing and first impressions [VIDEO] closeHTC U11 unboxing and first impressions [VIDEO] The HTC U11 is now officially available for purchase and with that, the Samsung Galaxy S8 just met its biggest competition yet. For more on our first impressions with the device, check out the post. 8 more_vertAndroid Auto experiencing a music bug closeGoogle Play Music on Android Auto not working? Google knows, and here’s a workaround Many Android Auto users have been chiming in regarding an issue that throws out an error message anytime they try to play music through Google Play Music, but Google is on the case, and here’s a workaround for you in the meantime. 9 more_vertGalaxy Note 8 may be first Snapdragon 836-powered smartphone closeSamsung Galaxy Note 8 rumored to be powered by Snapdragon 836 Rumors suggest the Galaxy Note 8 will be the first phone to arrive powered by the Snapdragon 836 processor. 10 more_vertGear S3 at Verizon closeSamsung Gear S3 Frontier and Classic are finally available at Verizon After nearly six months of waiting, the Samsung Gear S3 family is available at Verizon. Both the Gear S3 Frontier and Gear S3 Classic are on sale for $400 or $350 with a two-year contract. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google adds more Local Guides levels and ways to earn points Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/06/13 11:41am PDTJun 13, 2017 27 Plus 1 on G+ 122 Share on Facebook 35 Share on Twitter Total Shares184 Applications Google News Videos Google Maps has a lot of data, some of it contributed by users. Google is keenly aware that you can get people to contribute to a service rather easily as long as you give them points. The points don't even have to be good for anything, although Local Guides points do come with some rewards. Today, Google is adding new levels to the Local Guides program and offering new ways to earn points so you can reach these higher levels. Previously, there were only five Local Guides levels, but now there are ten of them. Levels four through ten also have a cool badge system. Badges are even better motivators than points. It's a scientific fact. As before, you can get perks after hitting level two that include nearly access to new features, and occasional discounts from Google and its partners. At levels four through ten, you get three free months of Play Music and 75% off a movie rental. Certain activities in Maps give you more point, like being the first to add a location. Starting now Local Guides can earn a smaller number of points from rating locations or fact checking other Guides. That's great, but can we get some more badges? Googleplz. Source: Google Blog Tags apps Google google maps local guides maps video subscribe ... Previous Story Google hires ex-Apple chipset veteran to help design SoCs for Pixel phones ... Next Story HMD Global launches Nokia 3, 5, and 6 in India Trending 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Chris Thurber Dang. I am only level 2, but those badges make me want to hit 10. (Not sarcastic) FelschR So what about past actions? Will we get the point difference? Frederico Silva Yes, they will convert the old points to the new system. johnforamerica Good! Since you can only add a location if you're the first to do so, ALL my added locations are worth more points. Wonder when these updated calcs are gonna hit... FelschR they hit me today^^ Nicholas Conrad I prefer the 2 years of 1tb of drive storage, thanks. MrCalifornia Yeah, make fun of it all you want but I saved $240 by agreeing to attach a bunch of my generic pics to places. Vlad I did that by modifying the schedules of all the McDrives in my country. They're 24/7. Just changed that from the lack of any at all. exadeci Google wins in the end, the storage doesn't cost them $240 and you are cheaper than a minimum wage worker. Nicholas Conrad Who's making fun? I genuinely prefer the free tb of drive storage I got. thomas sim I would prefer 'permanent' Drive storage upgrade, even small one. I have 19GB now, after my 2 years 100GB storage from HTC phone bundle expired free months ago. Daniel Do you need a credit card for the three free months of GPM? Chris Walton From the UK conditions - "Valid form of payment required at sign-up but will not be charged until the trial period expires" Daniel Darn, I was hoping they weren't gonna do that. LOL Fuск badges and points, give me free shiт you cheap basтards. One t-shirt and that's it? Wtf, I got 700 points already Suicide_Note Pfft. Amateur. JG I wouldn't complain if Google opted to convert our free bonus Drive space into free permanent Drive space... 1.019TB of cloud storage would be amazing! Or maybe some kind of discount on the new Pixel phones. If they want us submitting photos of local business, what better device to use to take the pictures than a Pixel 2 (considering Google has stated they plan to improve upon Pixel 1's already great camera)... EcE Nice wishlist. It would be great to keep the storage. I barely use it because I know it's going away. LOL Discount on Pixel 2..... keep dreaming :) 😆😄 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0bd6a2b693ce856e5dda0e36f8dbb306db6c0db24c441ef9a43fe5e2aad1b778.gif EcE "Valid for ONE 75% discount on a movie rental from eligible titles on Google Play" PFFT!! when I started three years ago, I was promised a yearly gift. Raymond Hawkins I know, right? Couldn't they at least have made it a free rental rather than 75% off? Really does not make it feel rewarding in any way. But then, maybe that's the idea -- they got too many people doing it for rewards and decided it was going to cost more than they wanted to spend. Or else that people would do it for less so why give more. EcE that's why they got rid of the Drive storage reward. I think they should've made it harder to get instead of removing it altogether. Chris Walton 3 months of google music.. for new subscribers only! Really? So the loyal users who put all this work into maps, and also likely to be into other google products, like music, get naff all Bit of a pointless incentive scheme nxtiak Yup... I've subscribed to Play Music since day one at $7.99, I've bought ALL the Nexus/Pixel phones and I don't get to take advantage of the free months they all come with. Wayren Wow. They really trashed the incentives for this program. catalysto They hardly do any events for Local Guides anymore either. They kind of dumped that onto us to organize for ourselves which is kind of lame. Tim Harman Of course, they're gotten all the data they wanted from us. It was always clear this would happen. In a few years when the map is super populated, they'll shutdown the LG scheme. catalysto I doubt that's the case; their data still pales in comparison to Yelp, for example. I think it's just Google's typical lack of follow-through. Adam Margeson Not so much lack of follow-through as always trying to take the lazy-man approach. Whatever method is most efficient and requires least effort on their part, including crowd-sourcing, and scrapping data if they find a slightly-more-efficient way, even if they can't use the existing data. EcE BTW #corrections: "nearly access to new features" early access to new features "Certain activities in Maps give you more point" points JG How about a "competition"... To see who gains the most when the new system is officially rolled out and our scores are modified to reflect the new system... At the moment, under the old system, I have 1,036 points... I'm predicting probably somewhere in the 5-6k range. YouNex No XerBlade No. That having been said, I jumped from 502 to 11807. A direct before and after based entirely on changing the way it's calculated, no new stuff added in between. Adam Margeson Funny. I jumped from 268 to only 1655. @JG: You've got too much time on your hands if you had over 1000 points on the old system. Or you live in an area that no one has filled in. Living in a well-mapped city leaves little to add without spending large sums of time nitpicking things. XerBlade The really big jump in my case was for one simple reason. Answers. Points are now counted per instance instead of per location. I've always answered every single question it gave me for every location in my timeline. On the old system, these were only counted once, meaning I was getting on average only 1 point for nearly every 40 answers. With the new weighted system, answers may be worth only 1 point, less than everything else, but that ceases to matter as much when I've got nearly 10000 of them. I had 264 points from them before. It doesn't take any fancy math to see where the big jump in overall points came from. Both before and after, answers have accounted for the majority of my points. Even moreso after than before. This is the potential of just the mere change of per-location to per-instance scoring. And considering in the past Google's little graphic that shows you how many total questions you've answered was from the very beginning of its implementation not capable of showing even a tiny fraction of my true total (it topped out at 3 digits before showing ">999", which it always showed for me from when it was first added), it's very possible Google was not expecting my sort of situation to happen. JG I probably do have too much free time... But I haven't really (I don't think at least) gone out of my way for this. Most of my points came from submitting pictures or as @XerBlade:disqus mentioned, answering questions. Whenever I went somewhere new I'd make sure to snap a pic of the store front and/or a pic inside. It was especially easy when my shop-a-holic aunt came with on a beach vacation the other year and we had to go to every souvenir shop on the island - even though a sane person should have noticed after the second or third shop they all had the same shirts, beer cozies etc... [And of course, on the way back home, we had to listen to her complain how my taking pictures (not her spending hours in each shop inspecting every shirt individually) caused her to only get to the beach twice the entire week we were there...] The only time I really went out of my way to submit stuff was semi-recently when Google had some contest to see which cities could be the most active. Spent the better part of an afternoon one weekend running around town submitting first-ever photos and filling in store hours/phone numbers etc using the "Discover Missing Info" feature. I figured my little middle-of-no-where town wouldn't make the list, but I had like 875 points or so... Figured I'd challenge myself to get to (or over) a thousand. YouNex 10 freaking levels ??? Adam Margeson Yup. We're doing the whole World of Warcraft thing and giving higher level caps now. /s Tomáš Petrík Is the new point-awarding retroactive? Will I get 5 points for each photo I have previously uploaded and 15 points for each place I have previously added? Karthik B yes you will. your earlier points would have been upgraded now Tomáš Petrík Yes, I just noticed a few hours ago. It wasn't converted yesterday, when I asked. I am suddenly Level 7 :) Jens Törnblad I really hope they convert our existing points to the new system. I have added a lot of missing places. Also the rewards are really bad now. I was promised an annual gift and put in a lot of work, but never got any gift other than the 1TB Drive for 2 years. Adam Margeson Check your points again. Looks like people's points are being recalculated based on all of your answers and edits. ast00 They should be giving people free Play cards. Andy I've given up contributing entirely since they reneged on their promise of an annual gift and stopped hosting events (it's maybe been 2 years since the last event they organised...) Why should I waste my time contributing to Google's content for free, in return for nothing? I know you're making money off this stuff Google ... how about sharing some of that? Or at least making me feel as though I'm important to you? No? Ok bye then! XerBlade Why should you? I don't know. For the good of your fellow Google Maps users maybe? You know, the only reason you should've been doing it from the start? [email protected] I don't care for this, but really active users should be able to get a Pixel phone/tablet for free. Shouldn't be that expensive for them. XerBlade It's live for me, but I've noticed something a bit off with it. It's fine on the Contribute page in the Google Maps app, but on the web, well, it looks like they forgot to replace a couple of the old strings. http://i68.tinypic.com/55mses.png oningam Regardless of incentives I keep on adding places and info useful to me and others mostly not related to commercial activities. BTW where are "Missions" for desktop? Brett Hayward I was a level 3 under the old system (almost 4) and just checked out my points. I am now a level 6 so ya, bonus. Captain_Invisible This updated system just got me from Level 4 to Level 6 😄 Michael D. I started adding places and correcting maps before the local guides program was announced. I just liked correcting and adding data I found useful. Then google started offering perks through the program. And some day they took them away. The truth is that all this data would be costly for google and they are getting it for free. I never cared much for those benefits, but removing them altogether is a joke. A true recognition of local guides' efforts would be giving them some, even small, PERMANENT storage space in Drive. 20 or 50 GB would do. All google have managed to do so far is remind me that the data I help them gather would otherwise cost them. A lot. PatQQ There should be some points awarded for the amount of views from your photos. Gautham Suki✓ⱽᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ From level 5, I'm promoted to level 7!! Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 173 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 34 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 148 1 Year Ago Today 5 years later, ADW Launcher 2.0 has been released - no, you are not dreaming - and it's insane 2016/06/16 7:10pm PDTJun 16, 2016 51 2 Years Ago Today Google Releases Topeka Demo Project For Android 2015/06/16 11:24am PDTJun 16, 2015 87 3 Years Ago Today Insult Your Friends In Style – Unicode 7.0 Standard Has 250 New Emoji, Including A Middle Finger 2014/06/16 4:21pm PDTJun 16, 2014 99 4 Years Ago Today [Weekend Poll] What's Your Preferred Tablet Display Size? 2013/06/16 12:08pm PDTJun 16, 2013 4 5 Years Ago Today Review: For Those Willing To Part With The EVO LTE's Paper-Thin Frame, Seidio's Surface, Active, And Convert Combo Cases Offer A Full Spectrum Of Protection 2012/06/16 12:56pm PDTJun 16, 2012 37 6 Years Ago Today Editorial: Android Tablets - Is It Just A Summer Fling, Or Are Manufacturers Here To Stay? 2011/06/16 5:30pm PDTJun 16, 2011 14 7 Years Ago Today Google Wants The Next Version of Android’s UI to Blow Your (And Manufacturers') Minds 2010/06/16 7:00pm PDTJun 16, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 176 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 90 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 30 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 115 queries | 0.817s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
msn back to msn home money web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices The legacy of Marissa Mayer USA TODAY Jon Swartz 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The value of a dollar in each state 50 most valuable brands in the world Click to expand Replay Video UP NEXT Popular German grocery store chain opens to much fanfare in US The German grocery chain Lidl opened its first 10 US stores on Thursday after years of preparing to enter the American market. Business Insider How the Fed rate hike will affect your finances June's quarter-point increase in the federal funds rate has far-reaching consequences for consumers. CNBC Complaints against US airlines up 70% After the video of a United Airlines passenger being violently dragged off a plane went viral, complaints against airlines in the U.S. soared 70%. Susana Victoria Perez (@susana_vp) has more. Veuer 1 Cancel SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Verizon deal for Yahoo closes CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Popular German grocery store chain opens to much fanfare in US Business Insider1:30 How the Fed rate hike will affect your finances CNBC0:58 Complaints against US airlines up 70% Veuer0:59 US blames North Korea for spree of global hacking Reuters1:14 Snap eyes augmented future for spectacles Wochit Tech0:44 The 'most interesting man in the world' is back – and he's no longer drinking beer Business Insider1:05 Your airline coach seat is shrinking. Here's why The Wall Street Journal.1:57 Board member's comment about women highlights Uber's troubles – again Newsy0:57 Arab rift with Qatar is causing operational problems, IEA warns CNBC0:45 Why we spend so much time and money at Target Veuer0:56 United employee shoves elderly man CNN Money2:08 Don't be a fool for gold The Wall Street Journal.2:05 When Sears sold cars CNN Money0:57 Watch rock turn into steel at 3,000 degrees CNN Money1:55 The fabulous life and career of 33-year-old Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg Business Insider2:27 Bill Gross says all financial markets are 'increasingly at risk' CNBC0:47 UP NEXT Video by CNBC Quotes in the article Yahoo! Inc YHOO ▼ 52.58 -0.05 -0.10% Verizon Communications Inc VZ ▼ 46.64 -0.05 -0.11% Nokia Oyj NOK ▼ 6.33 -0.05 -0.78% The slow demise of Marissa Mayer as Yahoo CEO reached its inexorable end Tuesday. Nearly five years after she took on the job of turning around the gasping Internet icon, Mayer exited the scene with the completion of Verizon's acquisition of Yahoo. A new business, combining Yahoo and Verizon property AOL, called Oath, will be run by AOL CEO Tim Armstrong. Mayer resigned when the transaction closed. "Verizon wishes Mayer well in her future endeavors," Oath said in a statement. In a Tumblr post titled "Nostalgia, Gratitude & Optimism," Mayer said, "Looking back on my time at Yahoo, we have confronted seemingly insurmountable business challenges, along with many surprise twists and turns." She said Yahoo had successfully navigated those hurdles "and mountains in ways that have not only made Yahoo a better company, but also made all of us far stronger." The 42-year-old Mayer is expected to land her more than $186 million in total compensation — far beyond the golden parachute of $23 million Yahoo said she would receive — according to securities filings. Mayer, who all but vanished the past year after a highly-visible start at Yahoo, had no further comment. Her resignation was inevitable, analysts say, once Verizon agreed to buy Yahoo's digital assets for $4.8 billion — since amended to $4.48 billion following reports of two large customer-account hacks under her watch — and the remnants of Yahoo was renamed Altaba. "Mayer took on a challenge that may not have been solvable," says Jeff Kagan, an independent tech analyst. "She tried her best, but it wasn’t good enough." The legacy of Mayer, once hailed as a Google-trained savior when she was tapped as Yahoo CEO in July 2012, was decidedly mixed. Under Mayer, company shares rocketed 254%, from $15 to $53.12,  outpacing the tech-laden Nasdaq Composite's 112% gain.  The stock performance was all the more remarkable, tech analysts say, when considering the circumstances under which Mayer joined Yahoo. She was the Silicon Valley company's seventh CEO, a list that included Scott Thompson (disputed resume), Ross Levinsohn (interim) and Terry Semel (who commuted from Southern California.) And she was inheriting a ship taking on water: Google and Facebook had eviscerated Yahoo's once-healthy share of online advertising worldwide. Yahoo's net ad revenue is projected to decline to $3 billion this year from $3.32 billion in 2015, according to eMarketer. "She had a fairly good run, but got all the bad breaks," says Bill Klepper, a management professor at Columbia Graduate School of Business. "How can you stop a Russian hacker? And she got hit twice." As Yahoo scrambled to compete in an era increasingly dominated by mobile apps and social media, it welcomed a charismatic figure in Mayer who had earned her bona fides as an early Google employee. She hit the ground running with an aggressive strategy of acquisitions and executive hires, and graced a magazine spread in Vanity Fair as one of the world's most recognizable female CEOs. But Mayer's Sisyphean task was undercut by a series of miscues, some of which she had a hand in. There were two massive data breaches that affected hundreds of millions of Yahoo accounts. The wisdom of acquisitions such as the $1.1 billion purchase of social media site Tumblr were questioned. And high-salaried employees like Katie Couric, paid a reported $10 million a year, didn't bring in viewers or generate much buzz. "She came in with a very, very daunting task," says Greg Sterling, a contributing editor at Search Engine Land, a site that covers the search industry. "She was asked to revive the ad business when Facebook came along with superior technology and Google made a push into display ads." Yahoo’s core business was squeezed by chief rivals Google and Facebook, and by upstarts Instagram and Snapchat. "Every successful company rides the growth wave until it crests and falls. The secret is to create the next growth wave before the first one collapses," analyst Kagan says. "This has been the challenge of so many companies like AOL, BlackBerry, Nokia and more. It was the challenge of every Yahoo CEO — they all failed."  No matter how one sliced the numbers, it didn't add up for Mayer & Co. Google and Facebook last year owned 33% and 14%, respectively, of the $190.6 billion digital advertising market worldwide. Yahoo and Verizon's AOL and Millennial Media units owned 1.6% and 0.7%, respectively, according to research firm eMarketer. Then were the internal politics at Yahoo, where former executives criticized Mayer's management style as brusque and inflexible.  And yet a strong personality and vision was necessary for Yahoo to move on — and Mayer provided it, Sterling and others argue. "She did a good job in building a search business that didn't exist, and re-establish Yahoo's credibility in the market," Sterling says. "She re-invigorated flagging morale and the brand name. People, in time, will see her as someone who shepherded the company to its next phase, as part of Verizon." For Mayer, the next phase is anyone's guess. While some expect here to lay low for a while and make tech investments, others foresee an eventual comeback as CEO. "She's young; we haven't seen or heard the last of Marissa," Sterling says. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Most Trump real estate now sold to anonymous buyers USA TODAY Man gets unexpected Father's Day gift USA TODAY Brides dish on Trump stopping by their weddings USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Best-in-class laptop! Surface Pro (now shipping) Long live the boombox! On sale $69.99 Pre-order the latest games featured at E3 This ASUS has a blazing fast 256GB SSD, $479 Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
msn back to msn home money web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Big investors, unfazed by techs' roller coaster, buy 'FANG' stocks Reuters By David Randall 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The value of a dollar in each state 50 most valuable brands in the world © REUTERS/Regis Duvignau/File Photo FILE PHOTO: The Apple logo is seen on a computer screen in an illustration photo taken in Bordeaux, France Large investors, whose high exposure to large-cap technology stocks boosted their returns during the first quarter of the year, are doubling down on their investments even as stocks like Apple Inc and Facebook Inc stumble. Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 144.29 -0.87 -0.60% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 964.17 -12.30 -1.26% Facebook Inc FB ▼ 149.80 -0.45 -0.30% T. Rowe Price Group Inc TROW ▲ 73.25 +0.01 +0.01% AdChoices Fund managers such as T Rowe Price and Federated Investors, who were already overweight the sector, said they were buying beaten-down so-called 'FANG' stocks – Facebook, Amazon.com Inc, Netflix Inc and Google-parent Alphabet Inc - during a two-day selloff that marked the largest tech sector decline in nearly a year. Google, Apple and other large tech stocks rose modestly in morning trading Tuesday. Jeff Rottinghaus, portfolio manager of the T Rowe Price Large-Cap Core Equity fund, said he has been adding money to existing tech holdings such as Facebook and Amazon because they are positioned to continue to grow over the next few years regardless of the direction of the overall economy. With other secular growth stories hard to find, "It's getting to the point where you have to say, 'What else do you want me to own?'" he said, adding that these companies continue to be up significantly year-to-date despite recent declines. Analysts expect the S&P 500 technology index to grow its earnings by 12.4 percent this year, better than the S&P 500's 11.6-percent expected growth, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. About 40 percent of the stocks in the S&P 500 information technology index rose on Monday, including Qualcomm Inc and International Business Machines Corp, which have lagged in 2017. "This tech selloff is a great buying opportunity," said Navellier & Associates Chairman Louis Navellier, who bought shares of Micron Technology Inc, Applied Materials Inc, Arista Networks Inc and STMicroelectronics NV. In the 8-year-old bull market, investors have consistently been 'buying the dips,' taking advantage of brief pullbacks in prices, so large-cap stocks have not seen a 10-percent correction in well over a year. Although stocks are expensive by historical measures, bullish investors say they are justified by growth in earnings and the U.S. economy, while historically low bond yields are also making stocks more appealing. © REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger/File Photo FILE PHOTO: A zoomed illustration image of a man looking at a computer monitor showing the logo of Amazon is seen in Vienna COMEBACK OF THE 'TRUMP TRADE?' The stumble in tech comes a time when both mutual funds and hedge funds have taken outsized bets on the sector, helping push Facebook, Amazon, Apple and Microsoft to add a total $600 billion in market cap year-to-date. Tech stocks in the S&P 500 rallied 21 percent for the year through June 2nd, with the largest companies accounting for 46 percent of the S&P 500's 9-percent gain, according to Goldman Sachs. That rally sent some tech-heavy tech funds soaring. In May, Light Street Capital Management's $1.2-billion Halogen fund was up 11 percent and is up 42.6 percent this year through the end of May. The head of the fund, Glen Kacher, started his career at Tiger Management, Julian Robertson's famous fund. Yet concerns that fund managers had piled into the same stocks and stretched their valuations helped prompt a selloff that began Friday and continued through Monday, sapping 5 percent or more from companies such as Apple. Momentum-based technology stocks have "built a valuation air pocket underneath [them] creating cause for pause," Goldman Sachs wrote in a note Friday. Steve Chiavarone, a portfolio manager at Federated Investors in New York, said he saw the tech selloff as a sign that investors were feeling more confident that the Trump administration could pass infrastructure or tax legislation later this year. Last week's testimony by former FBI chief James Comey did not contain the sort of bombshell that investors had feared, Chiavarone said, prompting fund managers to rotate out of tech into sectors that have lagged. "It allowed folks to believe once again that Congress isn't going to be bogged down in a massive impeachment effort and could get some policy work done," he said, which would benefit energy and financial stocks that initially rallied following Trump's unexpected victory but lost their gains following Inauguration Day. (Additional reporting by Noel Randewich and Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Jennifer Ablan, Megan Davies and Nick Zieminski) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Rolls-Royce says 2017 started well, all units performing in line Reuters Highlights - BOJ Governor Kuroda comments at news conference Reuters Sterling expects Manchester City to 'punish' opponents Reuters Reuters View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Events Writers Projects Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Create account Your account Sign in Sign out Newsletters Audio Life Timeline Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription The Smartphone Psychiatrist Frustrated by the failures in his field, Tom Insel, a former director of the National Institute of Mental Health, is now trying to reduce the world’s anguish through the devices in people’s pockets. Michael Friberg Most Popular Memo to Trump: This Is Why You're Losing Yoni Appelbaum Jun 15, 2017 A Resolution Condemning White Supremacy Causes Chaos at the Southern Baptist Convention Emma Green Jun 14, 2017 An Artificial Intelligence Developed Its Own Non-Human Language Adrienne LaFrance Jun 15, 2017 Why Is Robert Mueller Probing Jared Kushner's Finances? Matt Ford Jun 15, 2017 Beauty and Color: Scenes From Ethiopia Alan Taylor Jun 15, 2017 David Dobbs July/August 2017 Issue Health Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size Sometime around 2010, about two-thirds of the way through his 13 years at the helm of the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH)—the world’s largest mental-health research institution—Tom Insel started speaking with unusual frankness about how both psychiatry and his own institute were failing to help the mentally ill. Insel, runner-trim, quietly alert, and constitutionally diplomatic, did not rant about this. It’s not in him. You won’t hear him trash-talk colleagues or critics. Listen to the audio version of this article:Download the Audm app for your iPhone to listen to more titles. Yet within the bounds of his unbroken civility, Insel began voicing something between a regret and an indictment. In writings and public talks, he lamented the pharmaceutical industry’s failure to develop effective new drugs for depression, bipolar disorder, or schizophrenia; academic psychiatry’s overly cozy relationship with Big Pharma; and the paucity of treatments produced by the billions of dollars the NIMH had spent during his tenure. He blogged about the failure of psychiatry’s Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders to provide a productive theoretical basis for research, then had the NIMH ditch the DSM altogether—a decision that roiled the psychiatric establishment. Perhaps most startling, he began opening public talks by showing charts that revealed psychiatry as an underachieving laggard: While medical advances in the previous half century had reduced mortality rates from childhood leukemia, heart disease, and aids by 50 percent or more, they had failed to reduce suicide or disability from depression or schizophrenia. “You’ll think that I probably ought to be fired,” he would tell audiences, “and I can certainly understand that.” It was unsettling—as if the kindly captain of the world’s biggest ocean liner had sat down with his guests at dinner one evening and told them that their ship was unexpectedly lost and, if the crew could not soon correct course, they might well run aground, founder, and die. Around this time, Insel told me recently, he’d just finished a talk describing the wonderful things the NIMH was discovering about the brain when a man in the audience said, “You don’t get it.” “You’ll think that I probably ought to be fired,” Insel would tell audiences, after explaining the paltry progress in treating the mentally ill, “and I can certainly understand that.” “Excuse me?,” Insel said. “I don’t get what?” “Our house is on fire,” the man said, “and you’re telling us about the chemistry of the paint. We need someone to focus on the fire.” “I heard that,” Insel told me. “I went home and thought, There’s truth to that. It’s not just that we don’t know enough. The gap between what we know and what we do is unacceptable.” For decades, most psychiatric research, and the NIMH’s in particular, had followed leads—clues about the brain’s hidden connections, the genome’s elusive secrets—that took decades to pay off. It was necessary work. But it had done far too little for those who were ill today. Not long after that talk, at a conference in June 2015, Insel met Andy Conrad, who led Google’s new health spin-off, Verily. The two hit it off. That July, Insel visited Google’s Mountain View, California, headquarters. Conrad asked him: How would you like to run Verily’s new mental-health team? Instead of focusing on connections among neurons and genes, how about focusing on the connections between people that Google can track, analyze, and organize—the signals flashing across our world’s digital synapses—to better understand and treat mental illness? Insel was in his mid-60s. Many people would have been thinking about retirement. But five months later, he had traded a kingdom of some 3,000 NIMH-funded researchers for a staff of one assistant, and he began working out of Google’s headquarters. He found in California’s digital culture a freedom he could previously only dream of. “We are wildly ambitious,” he says. Insel hopes to use data—especially the rich, ongoing streams of data that a smartphone can provide—to detect a deteriorating state of mind faster and more reliably than we can now, and then to respond and turn things around more quickly. He believes a smartphone can be both a diagnostic instrument and, through the links it gives us to others, a life-saving mode of connection and treatment. At any given moment, roughly one in seven of the world’s 7.5 billion people is struggling with mental illness. “We’re not going to reach all those people by hiring more psychiatrists,” says Insel. But we might reach them with smartphones. Insel believes that a smartphone can be both a diagnostic instrument—it can detect a deteriorating state of mind—and a life-saving mode of treatment. Already, some 5 billion people worldwide have mobile phones. By 2020, it’s expected that 6 billion will use smartphones with the capability of capturing mental-health data and apps that can provide a form of treatment. Insel wants to make those phones the central hub in a new way of delivering mental-health care. Former longtime colleagues speak of him the way baseball players speak of an ace pitcher who just signed with a rising franchise: I’m eager to see what he does. Things always seemed to come easy to Tom Insel. His father, H. Herbert Insel, an eye surgeon in Dayton, Ohio, told him and his three brothers that they could do anything they wanted to as long as they became doctors first. As the youngest, Insel says, “I learned early on that the path to success was finding something others weren’t into.” He found his first niche outdoors, collecting crawly things that he kept in the basement. He did so well in school that when he was 15, he left high school and—without a diploma—entered a six-year B.A./M.D. program at Boston University. Then, at 17, he did something that announced a pattern: Moving smoothly along an enviable track, he jumped off of it. With his bachelor’s work done and med school waiting for him, he got a year’s leave from the university; married his college girlfriend, Deborah Silber; and took off. They spent the 1969–70 school year skirting the Vietnam War, alternating stints of service work (a Hong Kong tuberculosis clinic for boat people; a Mennonite hospital in India) with travel around Nepal, Cambodia, and Thailand. Then he returned to Massachusetts, finished medical school and a year-long internship, took another year off to travel and study philosophy, and spent another three years in a psychiatry residency at UC San Francisco. After that, he presented himself, at age 27, for employment at the massive National Institute of Mental Health campus in Bethesda, Maryland. Working in Bethesda as a research psychiatrist—increasingly studying patients, rather than treating them—Insel soon made a mark by running a drug trial that helped turn psychiatry away from talk therapy and toward chemistry. The trial showed that the antidepressant clomipramine helped people with obsessive-compulsive disorder faster and in more cases than psychoanalysis or standard talk therapy did. Today such a finding would go unnoticed. But this was the early 1980s, before Prozac and other selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors took over the world. At the time, OCD was seen as “the classic neurotic illness,” Insel recalls, Freudian anxiety run amok—“the prototype of what you got psychoanalysis for.” Yet Insel’s trial showed that a drug worked better and faster. The papers Insel and others wrote about clomipramine over the next few years “really launched the field” of using antidepressants to treat OCD, he says, and helped pave the way for the Prozac era. This irked some people. Freud may have been going out of fashion, but he still dominated psychiatry. His followers did not like losing to molecules. Insel hadn’t meant to stoke controversy. He liked Freud. That the drug became part of this turf war surprised him. But as he followed up with other papers on the neurobiology of OCD, he soon found himself a leader in anti-anxiety-drug research. At 30, just three years into the job, he had his own research unit. “I could have just done drug trials for the next 20 years,” he says, “become a full professor, spent my time giving lectures and doing drug-company gigs.” Instead, he jumped the track. He closed his lab in Bethesda to study neuroscience at Johns Hopkins for a year, then returned to the NIMH. But rather than going back to Bethesda, he went to the sticks to work with one of the oddest people in neuroscience. Surrounded by farm country, the National Institutes of Health’s facility outside of Poolesville—a scattered collection of low-slung labs, barns, and bare-bones offices an hour from Bethesda—was lonesome in a way that’s hard to find in Maryland. Even today, one route between there and D.C. involves a cable-guided ferry that crosses at a languid pace. It was sleepy. “I needed that,” Insel says. “I needed a place where nobody was around.” The man he joined there, a renowned neuroanatomist named Paul MacLean, was, Insel says, “from another era.” MacLean, who died in 2007, had studied English literature at Yale and chemistry and physics in Edinburgh, Scotland, before getting an M.D. back at Yale in 1940. He loved brains. His lab was stuffed with drawers holding hundreds of micro-thin cortical cross sections, and with shelves holding “jars of formaldehyde,” Insel says, “with—I’m not making this up—roadkill.” Whenever MacLean came across something dead on the road, he’d put the carcass in his trunk and drive it to the lab. The idea was that one of his technicians would saw open the animal’s skull, snip its brain free of its spinal cord, and slice, stain, and mount some brain cross sections onto slides. MacLean would then compare the brain’s structure with that of other roadkill. He didn’t much care what kind. “He just wanted to see how, say, the hippocampus of a deer differed from that of a possum.” When one member of a prairie-vole pair dies, the survivor generally foreswears all other voles. Insel discovered the neurochemical reason for this, laying bare the biology of behavior. MacLean named his lab the Laboratory of Brain Evolution and Behavior. “No commas,” notes Insel. “Syntax entirely unclear, so you could read or say it any way you wanted.” Insel had “almost complete freedom,” of a sort you can’t really get now. Insel’s landmark work was a run of vole studies that he started at Poolesville in the late 1980s. Voles are rodents, mouselike but rounder, that live in burrows. In the ’70s, an ecologist at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign named Lowell Getz was trapping small mammals in the Midwest for a population census. He kept catching one particular vole species—the prairie vole—in pairs. This was odd. Voles, like most rodents, generally show up in traps alone. But one out of 10 times that Getz caught a prairie vole, he caught a couple—a male and a female. NIMH, 1993: Tom Insel with a vole, the rodent upon which he established his reputation as a brilliant researcher. (John Keith / NIH) In a string of work requiring several years, much trapping, and many papers, Getz established that prairie voles were monogamous. This monogamy distinguished them from most of the other 150 vole species and, for that matter, about 95 percent of all other mammals. Most voles, for instance, mate and then stay together only minutes (or less) before moving on, and males pay little heed to their pups. But once a pair of prairie voles mates—an event typically triggered when a young female licks the urine of a male—they generally stick together till death. They cuddle and groom each other, and they cooperatively raise up to four litters a year. When one of the pair dies, the survivor generally foreswears all other voles. Getz and Sue Carter, a behavioral endocrinologist, had already identified some of the hormones that drove prairie-vole monogamy. Insel and his lab picked up this thread. In one experiment after another, they outlined the genetic, molecular, and neural mechanisms that led to the prairie vole’s distinctive family life. Collaborating first with Carter and then mostly with his own colleagues Zuoxin Wang and Larry Young, Insel eventually showed how certain genes made the prairie-vole brain especially sensitive to two hormones, oxytocin and vasopressin, that surged at key times in a vole couple’s romance. Their work got heavy, often breathless press, which dubbed oxytocin “the love hormone.” Their best work was astoundingly clever. For instance, by finding ways to bypass or silence some of the genetic signals and neurochemical receptors involved in the voles’ behavior, Insel, Wang, and Young proved the function of those signals and receptors. They’d identify, say, a gene that coded for an oxytocin receptor in the brain and delete the gene in an animal. With the receptor gone, the bonding behavior would disappear. Thus they turned speculative hypotheses into demonstrated findings. They showed that one could lay bare the biology of behavior. The vole work made the careers of Insel, Wang, and Young. It also helped psychiatry with two perennial problems tormenting the discipline. Psychiatry has always struggled to be taken seriously as a science. By the 1980s, the field seemed especially lost. Its best drugs were from the 1950s and ’60s. Most of its hospitals, their failings made infamous by works such as Sylvia Plath’s The Bell Jar and Ken Kesey’s One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest, had been closed. Talk therapy, which often works, but by psychobiological pathways painfully difficult to discern, was frequently lampooned. For these and other reasons, including its penchant for savage infighting, psychiatry in the ’70s was “a collection of diverse cults rather than a medical science,” as Melvin Sabshin, a onetime medical director of the American Psychiatric Association, later put it. The field was also trying to adjust to one of the 20th century’s long, slow pendulum swings between environmental and biological explanations for behavior. In the century’s opening years, behaviorism was dominant in the wider culture, casting environment as the key variable in how people behaved; change a person’s environment, it was argued, and you’ll usually change his or her behavior. By the 1930s, the new science of genetics had bolstered the view that genetic (and thus presumably innate) differences were a crucial variable. After the Nazis exploited this view to help justify murdering 6 million Jews and hundreds of thousands of people with mental illnesses, the pendulum swung back the other way, toward the notion that a stressful environment could create social, educational, and mental-health deficits. Lyndon B. Johnson’s War on Poverty funded studies on the environmental roots of crime, minority-group mental health, and urban discord. By the 1980s, however, this emphasis on the environment had come to be seen as misguided and overdone. It became harder to attribute schizophrenia or autism to emotionally cool “refrigerator mothers,” or youth violence to poverty. These forces, then—the pressure for credibility, the swing toward biology as destiny—encouraged psychiatric research to focus less on environment itself and more on the biological mechanisms that responded to it. Insel’s vole studies did precisely that. They were not the only works to do so, but they were among the earliest, cleanest, and most publicized. Beginning in the mid-’90s, Insel’s work took a place amid a handful of other new studies of social species, such as honeybees, songbirds, and cichlids (a fish), that showed how chains of neurobiological events produce fascinating and sometimes bizarre behaviors involving everything from mating and murder to language acquisition and social dominance. These studies did not really ignore environment. Rather, they explored the interplay of biology and environment by focusing on the former. And while these studies did not involve humans, they often explored humanlike behaviors. These studies were exactly what psychiatry needed, offering to make it a discipline of numbers, mechanisms, circuits, and chemicals. The power of such work was almost certainly one reason Insel would later become the director of the NIMH. He came to represent a new way to explore behavior. But first he had to get fired. “What’d you do?,” I asked Insel when he told me he got sacked. “It wasn’t what I did,” he said, smiling. “It was what I didn’t do”—focus directly on humans. When Insel started the vole work, in the late ’80s, the NIMH did not yet consider animal studies of basic behaviors likely to reveal much about human mental health. Insel’s decade of work on family and social bonds in animals had done little to change that. “You’re talking about why a mother rat takes care of its baby?” says his former colleague Larry Young. “It was too fluffy.” So in 1994, three years after Insel published his first vole paper, he got canned. Getting fired, Insel says, “was actually the best thing that ever happened to me.” It got him to see the importance of telling a clear story with his research, which proved essential in making that research successful. And it let him take another job that ultimately paved the way for his return to the NIMH as director. Just weeks before Insel got fired, the famed Yerkes National Primate Research Center at Emory University had offered him an interview for the job of director. Insel, studying voles in Poolesville, figured he had no real shot at it. But by the time of the interview, he was newly fired, highly prepared, and keenly focused. He got the gig. Insel spent eight years at Emory. While there, he worked with Wang and Young to expand their vole research into the magnum opus it became. Running the primate center, meanwhile, gave Insel “a chance,” he says, “to understand how to build programs, how to build institutions, how to mentor, how to help people grow within an institution.” His changes at Yerkes upset some primatologists and drove some of them away. Yet he managed to get people to follow him, says Young, “not by force, but by being a nice guy and instilling excitement in others.” Insel showed that he could take the helm of an institution and change its course without causing mutiny. In his 13 years as the director of the NIMH, from 2002 to 2015, Insel would become one of the best-known directors the institute ever had. His renown came partly from the length of his tenure, second only to the 15-year run (1949–64) of the founding director, Robert Felix. When he became director, he took custody of a gluttonous giant that was being forced to diet. In the previous two decades, the institute’s budget had effectively tripled. But when Insel arrived, George W. Bush’s administration had just cut taxes and entered one war; it was preparing to enter another. Insel would work his entire tenure with an essentially flatlined budget—one in which, furthermore, 70 percent of each year’s expenditures was determined by prior commitments to ongoing programs. If Insel wanted to change things, he would have to do so slowly, and he did. He devoted more research to the most-serious mental disorders, such as major depression, schizophrenia, and bipolar disorder. Anticipating that pharmacology would produce few effective new psychiatric drugs, he cut NIMH involvement in drug trials. And when, in 2010, he decided that psychiatry’s official diagnostic categories in the DSM no longer served the NIMH’s needs well, he spoke against them. In 2013, he rejected the DSM as a research guide, even though doing so infuriated many in the psychiatric establishment. Throughout his tenure at the NIMH, Insel explicitly defined mental disorders as brain disorders. Critics of this approach expressed several complaints. Allen Frances is one of the world’s most prominent psychiatrists. He led an overhaul of the DSM in the early 1990s, producing its fourth edition, and has since become a vocal critic of psychiatry’s medicalization of normal distress, of its overuse of drugs—and of what he calls the NIMH’s overly brain-centric view of mental health. Emory University, 2001: Insel (top row, center), Larry Young (plaid shirt, in front of Insel), and their research team at the Yerkes Center (Tom Insel) “I think very highly of Tom Insel,” Frances says. “Right motives, decent guy, very smart, honest. But what he did at NIMH is disastrous. He inherited an institution that was already moving to a narrow, bioreductionist view of mental illness, and he moved it even further.” The translational jump from basic science to treatment is big in most of medicine, Frances says, but it’s especially big in psychiatry because the brain is the most complicated thing in the known universe. “Tom was naive about that. It’s not clear that any one patient, even today, has been helped by the neuroscientific advances made under his tenure.” Almost all medical research faces the same challenge: striking the right balance between basic research (how does this work?) and translational research that converts the basic findings into treatments (how can we make this work differently?). To Frances and many other critics, the NIMH had that balance wrong, focusing too heavily on basic neuroscience research. Another criticism leveled by Frances and others is that defining mental disorders as brain disorders underplays what psychiatrists call the psychosocial nature of mental states and mental health—the countless dynamics in social relationships that affect our psyches. A reductive biological model arguably neglects, for instance, the growing evidence that social isolation aggravates mental illness, while social support ameliorates it. Trying to understand mental illness without accounting for the power of social connection, this line of thinking goes, is like studying planetary motion without accounting for gravity. Likewise, defining mental illness as a brain disorder shortchanges the role played by environment in general. Mental illness often occurs when a vulnerable psyche faces stress—sometimes chronic, sometimes sudden and acute. Many brain and large-scale genomic studies ignore this because the researchers don’t think environment is important, or because it’s hard to parse environmental effects into measurable components. Either way, a key element of mental health and illness can go overlooked. Insel and his defenders say he did his best to respond to these problems. They note that he pushed NIMH research to yield more help faster for the sickest patients, and that he funded plenty of research on environment, behavior-based therapy, and social connection. E. Fuller Torrey is a psychiatrist who worked at the NIMH in the 1970s and then became one of its fiercest critics as its emphasis increasingly focused on basic neurobiology in the 1990s. He was not thrilled about Insel’s appointment. “He’d worked on voles,” Torrey says. “My expectations were low.” Torrey, among those who called loudest for the NIMH to generate not just findings but treatments, had developed a metric to tally what percentage of NIMH studies stood a reasonable chance of helping patients. When Insel took over, Torrey told me, that estimate stood at about 5 percent. Insel brought it up into the 20s. “He did a yeoman’s job. I have nothing bad to say about Tom except that he didn’t stay longer.” Insel never wavered from framing the institute’s mission as biological. When I asked him about this directly, he unambiguously defended the NIMH’s biocentric stance. But if you examine the later years of his tenure closely enough, you see signs of vacillation—of someone still believing something, but without as much conviction. This comes across in his 2013 ted Talk. Insel—as at ease, confident, and disarming as ever—opens with his iconic graphs showing how psychiatry has gone nowhere for decades. Then, after telling the audience members that he can understand why they think he should be fired, he pivots to say, “I think we are about to be in a very different world as we think about these illnesses,” and describes the newest wonders the NIMH is discovering about the brain. I keep going back to that talk because, right there on the ted stage, Insel seems to be of two minds. When he embraces his dismay and then sets it aside, I feel I’m seeing a person who is in the process of flipping his allegiance between two contradictory ideas. By the time of his ted Talk, Insel had ceased believing not just in the categories used to describe mental illnesses but in the magic of drugs or genomics to diagnose and treat them. He was essentially saying of psychiatry: We’ve fallen short of our promises for decades, but we’re finally figuring out the brain, so we’ll deliver. Yet even as he described the brain’s wonders, Insel seemed to understand that he was still talking paint chemistry, and not attending enough to the raging fire. “Tom was very blunt” toward the end of his tenure, says Bruce Cuthbert, who worked alongside Insel at the NIMH and served for 10 months as the acting director after Insel left. “He was brave enough to say, ‘Actually, we don’t know much of anything at all that could help individual patients.’ ” Insel is impatient. When he’d been at the NIMH, he told me recently, he’d thought of the results horizon as being 10 to 30 years out. But he is 65, and tired of waiting. “I want to make something happen in three years.” He told me this as we sat in the enormous, airy lobby of the new Verily building in South San Francisco. Early this May, as I was putting the final touches on this story, I emailed Insel to confirm and update a few things—and found that he was leaving Verily the next day. As small and nimble as Verily was compared with the NIMH, he said, he was now joining a far smaller outfit called Mindstrong Health, a start-up co-founded by three people—himself, Paul Dagum, and Richard Klausner—that would pursue an agenda much like the one he’d outlined at Verily. “A similar path,” he told me. Insel had jumped the track again. Two weeks later I visited him at home in Pleasanton, California. “I loved working at Verily,” he told me. It was only after he started there, he said, that he grasped the scale of ambition and possibility that today’s biotech landscape offered. He liked Verily’s CEO, Andy Conrad, whose brash, sometimes profane style has reportedly driven away some other top Verily employees. “It was hard to leave,” Insel said. But the features inevitable in a 500-person company (Verily) that was part of a 74,000-person company (Alphabet, Google’s holding company) made a smaller option look much better. “The speed bumps you have to go over to get something out the door,” Insel said, would now be fewer and lower. As we talked, Mindstrong was remodeling offices in Palo Alto, an hour’s drive away. Insel said he plans to work most days from home, where he can have lunch with his wife, and where a garden, a pool, a chicken coop, and a 350-vine vineyard beckon out back. But Insel didn’t join Mindstrong for the barefoot commute. He likes his co-founders and the greater agility offered by what he calls “a ‘two pizza’ company—small enough to feed with two pizzas.” Currently Mindstrong has about a dozen employees. Talking to me on his second day as Mindstrong’s president, Insel told me he had already found it far easier to strike research partnerships with caregiver or insurer networks to test and refine the patient-monitoring systems that are at the core of the company’s plan. “We actually did one of those last week,” he said, “and the network will start collecting the data this week. We can just move much faster at this size.” Mindstrong’s plan, much like that of Insel’s unit at Verily, is to use the smartphone’s powers to do two things that psychiatry hasn’t figured out how to do: easily detect early, or even predict, the onset of mental illness; and quickly get effective, affordable care to those who need it. Smartphones can track daily behaviors that reflect mental health. A phone can sense the beginning of a crisis and trigger an appropriate treatment response. This idea has been floating around Silicon Valley and mental-health circles for several years. Insel estimates that a good five or 10 other companies or research teams—including Verily—are trying to do something similar. Mindstrong hopes to gain an edge by combining Insel’s expertise and connections in the mental-health field with Klausner’s business experience and Dagum’s data-analysis tools and skills—and by moving quickly. The force they hope to harness is the power of daily behavior, trackable through smartphone use, to reflect one’s mental health. As people start to slide into depression, for instance, they may do several of the following things easily sensed by a phone’s microphones, accelerometers, GPS units, and keyboards: They may talk with fewer people; and when they talk, they may speak more slowly, say less, and use clumsier sentences and a smaller vocabulary. They may return fewer calls, texts, emails, Twitter direct messages, and Facebook messages. They may pick up the phone more slowly, if they pick up at all, and they may spend more time at home and go fewer places. They may sleep differently. Someone slipping toward a psychotic state might show similar signs, as well as particular changes in syntax, speech rhythm, and movement. Insel says such data provide “a more objective, textured picture of people’s lives,” one collected continuously, rather than just at weekly sessions. (A therapist, the joke goes, knows in great detail how a patient is doing every Thursday at 3 o’clock.) With inputs like these, a phone could sense the beginning of a crisis and trigger an appropriate response. Because this response would come earlier, it could be more measured, less jarring, and less medication-heavy. “The earlier you intervene, the better the outcomes,” Insel says. “Instead of detect and treat, it’s predict and pre-empt.” Mindstrong has three patents for a data-collection-and-analysis system built roughly for such purposes. Dagum designed this system, which can harvest some of the smartphone’s scores of data streams. How might MindStrong’s system actually work in practice? Insel points to two prototype examples. The first is a company called 7 Cups, which Insel first learned about because his daughter works there. 7 Cups provides text-based peer counseling and support for people with depression or anxiety or a long list of other conditions. Registering for the simpler services, such as peer connection, takes only seconds, and users can also get referrals to either coaches or licensed mental-health counselors and psychologists. According to the CEO, Glen Moriarty, 7 Cups serves a young, diverse demographic (90 percent are under the age of 35) that is likely to go underserved by traditional mental-health care. When Insel first heard about these demographics, he said, “a light bulb went off. This is about providing access for the first time”—and to people who don’t necessarily want to talk to a psychotherapist. They want to help each other. With a simple smartphone app and website, 7 Cups seeks to quickly and inexpensively connect such people while also providing a range of clinical support. The company collects an astounding amount of anonymized data—a key to increasing its accuracy in detecting mental states, and to the efficacy of its response to signs of worsening illness. When 7 Cups told Insel that it gives everyone who registers the chance to take a standardized screening test for depression, anxiety, and stress, called dass‑21, he asked how long it would take to get him, say, 1,000 of those, scrubbed of identifying information. “They said, ‘We’ll do 2,000 this afternoon. You want all of them, or what part?’ ” A second rough model for Mindstrong’s approach is an app called prime, developed by Danielle Schlosser, a clinical psychologist whom Insel recruited to Verily from the psychiatry department at UC San Francisco. prime (Personalized Real-time Intervention for Motivation Enhancement) was inspired partly by research showing that social connection and peer support can reduce the severity of depression and schizophrenia. Schlosser designed it for people ages 14 to 30 who’d been recently diagnosed with schizophrenia. It could be adapted for use by people diagnosed with or at risk for other mental disorders. Palo Alto, May 2017: Insel with his Mindstrong co-founders, Richard Klausner (left) and Paul Dagum (center). (Michael Friberg) The heart of prime is a Facebook-like mobile app that connects members to both a circle of peers (in this case, others who have had psychotic episodes) and professional clinicians who can assist as needed. Currently about 50 people use prime at any given time, with at least five clinicians logged on and available. Most members use it daily. Members tell Schlosser they gain enormously simply by seeing that other members are perfectly normal people who happen to have schizophrenia. The app has three real functions. One is connecting people so they can turn to one another for help, perspective, and affirmation. Another is providing a set of motivational essays, talks, and interactive modules that help with decisions and dilemmas common among the membership. The third is quickly spotting emerging crises and responding with peer, social-service, and clinician support. Sometimes it works in more dramatic fashion. Schlosser describes one participant who, because he regularly conversed with people in the group, felt free to volunteer something he might not have if he were more isolated: He confessed that he was feeling a bit off, as if he might be sliding back toward psychosis. When Schlosser’s team reviewed his message history, it saw changes in syntax and language use that suggested emerging psychosis. His physician then tweaked his meds, and both his unease and his disordered syntax resolved. A system like prime or the one used by 7 Cups, notes Insel, combines the two components necessary to any approach to mental-health care—assessment, by collecting and analyzing the data a person and his smartphone can provide; and intervention, which might include anything from informal social support to medical support (either inpatient or outpatient). Mindstrong, he says, will first focus on assessment, spending the next year or so testing phone-based data-collection-and-analysis systems; and then explore ways to partner with others to provide intervention through what Insel calls “learning-based mental-health care.” Continuous assessment and feedback would drive the interventions. Likewise, all therapies would use measurement-based practices, which give clinicians and patients steady feedback on what’s working and what isn’t—an approach shown to sharply improve outcomes. To preserve users’ privacy, Insel says, Mindstrong will collect information only on an opt-in basis, and all data will be strongly encrypted. For most services, Mindstrong will save not actual data streams, such as what is said in spoken or typed conversations, but only metadata that reflect state of mind without revealing actual conversation. This might include semantic structures or the repeated use of key words or phrases that can reveal emotional or cognitive states such as depression, mania, psychosis, and cognitive confusion. All data will be firewalled according to strict patient-privacy practices. Even such metadata, of course, might make an attractive target for people who’d want to exploit it. (Picture a digital-era version of the Nixon administration’s bungled attempt to steal the psychiatric records of Daniel Ellsberg, who leaked the Pentagon Papers, so that it could blackmail or smear him.) The only thing stopping such an effort in digital form might be the strength of Mindstrong’s firewall or its willingness to defy a government request for data. This danger is real. Google, for instance, has steadily reduced the proportion of government data requests it responds to, but in the second half of 2016, the company reports, it still produced data for 60 percent of such requests overall, and 79 percent of such requests from the U.S. The company reveals little to the public about which requests it honors or why. For these reasons, some digital-privacy experts think it’s dangerous for any company to collect and keep something as sensitive as psychiatric-patient data. For his part, Allen Frances feels it’s naive to trust any commercial entity to permanently protect such data from other commercial interests, hackers, or a government bent on getting the information. Others argue that this worry is itself naive, since most of us already leave enough footprints with smartphones, computers, phone calls, and credit-card purchases to forfeit the privacy Frances wants to protect. The question may not be whether a Mindstrong firewall would be perfect, but whether it would be stronger than the many porous containers already holding our personal and medical information. I once asked Insel how he saw his move to Silicon Valley in relation to the rest of his career. I expected he’d say it was a complete departure. Instead he said it felt to him like a return to his first concerns—“a return to behavior.” He meant the voles. The fundamental assumption behind the vole work, and behind Insel’s career at the NIMH, was that beneath behavior lay biological mechanisms you could discern and then tweak to change that behavior. The crux of the biological model, in other words, was that you could and should address mental illness from within. Otherwise, why bother with the nearly impossible job of figuring out how it all worked? You looked for mechanisms so you could fix the machine. Now, however, Insel means to address mental disorders not from the inside, but from the outside; and not with something new, but with things at hand. He’s shifting from mechanistic discovery to practical application. He is acting on the epiphany he had when the man at his talk complained that Insel was discussing paint chemistry when he should have been putting out fires. It was then, Insel says, that he began “to realize that the really urgent issue isn’t that our treatments get better, but that we don’t use what we have today.” Insel will always believe in the value of research, of figuring out how things work. But our most pressing problem, he says—what keeps psychiatry from making the huge strides that have been made in disciplines like infectious disease and cardiology—“is not what we don’t know. We know well enough what works. Our problem is that we’re not doing it.” The other big development in Insel’s work today is his embrace of social contact as a basic health necessity. For this he credits Schlosser’s work. “She convinced me that people with psychotic illness really crave social connections,” he said. “This was a great wake-up call for me: to see they want to connect on their own terms, sometimes anonymously, on their own schedule, in a way that they feel they can control”—often with others like them, in relationships that feel equal, rather than only with clinicians who may seem to hold too much power. Why didn’t he come to all this sooner? Why now?, I asked. “I have always believed,” he said, “that to get the most impact, you should go where you get the most traction.” Even five years ago, he said, he could not have gotten traction on the ground that he and Mindstrong are working today. Smartphones weren’t ubiquitous enough; the data weren’t rich enough. “But now,” he said to me, “now we can do this.” He was leaning forward and smiling and holding both hands up in front of him as if he were fixing to catch something—as if he were a basketball player who’d just shook his defender and was calling for the ball to take an open shot. His eyes had the look of someone who felt he couldn’t miss. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video Which Animal Murders the Most? Humans aren't the only mammals who kill each other. So how do we stack up to lions, tigers, and bears? Alice Roth, Ed Yong, Jeremy Raff, and Jackie Lay Jun 15, 2017 About the Author David Dobbs is a writer based in Vermont. He is the author of My Mother's Lover, and his work has appeared in The New York Times Magazine, National Geographic, and Wired. Most Popular Presented by Eric Thayer / Reuters Memo to Trump: This Is Why You're Losing Yoni Appelbaum Why the president, who appears allergic to the logic of bureaucracy, keeps getting defeated by that humblest of technologies, the office memorandum It would be hard to fashion a more exquisite snare for a man like Donald Trump than the modern, institutional presidency. Just five months into his term, he appears trapped by its constraints—and the harder he tries to escape them, the more thoroughly entangled he becomes. On Thursday morning, President Trump again lashed out at the “bad and conflicted people” investigating him for obstructing justice. “They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story,” he tweeted. But to take Trump’s charge at face value is to read it as an indictment of his own blunders. Trump is claiming that there was no underlying wrongdoing, but his decision to fire his FBI director sparked the appointment of a special counsel who’s now exploring whether it was a criminal act. This, he says, is a purely self-inflicted wound—or, as a senior administration official told The Daily Beast, “The president did this to himself.” Continue Reading Matt York / AP A Resolution Condemning White Supremacy Causes Chaos at the Southern Baptist Convention Emma Green At its annual meeting, the evangelical denomination initially declined to consider a statement of its opposition to the alt-right. Updated at 6:10 p.m. EST on June 14 The Southern Baptist Convention’s annual meeting turned chaotic in Phoenix this week over a resolution that condemned white supremacy and the alt-right. On Tuesday, leaders initially declined to consider the proposal submitted by a prominent black pastor in Texas, Dwight McKissic, and only changed course after a significant backlash. On Wednesday afternoon, the body passed a revised statement against the alt-right. But the drama over the resolution revealed deep tension lines within a denomination that was explicitly founded to support slavery. A few weeks before the meeting was slated to start, McKissic published his draft resolution on a popular Southern Baptist blog called SBC Voices. The language was strong and pointed. Continue Reading MGM Studios An Artificial Intelligence Developed Its Own Non-Human Language Adrienne LaFrance When Facebook designed chatbots to negotiate with one another, the bots made up their own way of communicating. A buried line in a new Facebook report about chatbots’ conversations with one another offers a remarkable glimpse at the future of language. In the report, researchers at the Facebook Artificial Intelligence Research lab describe using machine learning to train their “dialog agents” to negotiate. (And it turns out bots are actually quite good at dealmaking.) At one point, the researchers write, they had to tweak one of their models because otherwise the bot-to-bot conversation “led to divergence from human language as the agents developed their own language for negotiating.” They had to use what’s called a fixed supervised model instead. In other words, the model that allowed two bots to have a conversation—and use machine learning to constantly iterate strategies for that conversation along the way—led to those bots communicating in their own non-human language. If this doesn’t fill you with a sense of wonder and awe about the future of machines and humanity then, I don’t know, go watch Blade Runner or something. Continue Reading Joshua Roberts / Reuters Why Is Robert Mueller Probing Jared Kushner's Finances? Matt Ford A Washington Post report Thursday left unclear whether the special counsel’s inquiry represents a cursory check or something more serious for the president’s son-in-law. Jared Kushner’s business endeavors in the dog-eat-dog world of New York City real estate helped endear him to his father-in-law, President Trump. Now those complex dealings are reportedly under scrutiny by federal investigators as part of the sprawling Russia investigation. The Washington Post reported Thursday that Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s team is probing “finance and business dealings” by Kushner, former National-Security Adviser Michael Flynn, and former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort as part of its broader investigation into whether Trump campaign officials colluded with Moscow during the 2016 election to undermine Hillary Clinton’s presidential bid. All three men have repeatedly denied any wrongdoing, and Trump himself has castigated the investigation as a “witch hunt” concocted by political opponents to delegitimize his electoral victory. Continue Reading Matjaz Krivic / Getty Beauty and Color: Scenes From Ethiopia Alan Taylor Ethiopia is home to more than 100 million people and is composed of wildly varying landscapes and an incredible diversity of ethnic and religious groups. Ethiopia is home to more than 100 million people—the second most-populous nation in Africa. It is also composed of wildly varying landscapes, and an incredible diversity of ethnic and religious groups. Getty Images photographer Carl Court reports that “Lonely Planet recently ranked Ethiopia among the top ten 2017 world tourist destinations,” and that it earned more than $870 million from tourism in the first quarter of 2017 alone. Gathered here are a handful of recent images from across Ethiopia, showing just some of its people and regions. Continue Reading All photos courtesy of Alex Tizon and his family My Family’s Slave Alex Tizon  She lived with us for 56 years. She raised me and my siblings without pay. I was 11, a typical American kid, before I realized who she was. The ashes filled a black plastic box about the size of a toaster. It weighed three and a half pounds. I put it in a canvas tote bag and packed it in my suitcase this past July for the transpacific flight to Manila. From there I would travel by car to a rural village. When I arrived, I would hand over all that was left of the woman who had spent 56 years as a slave in my family’s household. Continue Reading Kevin Lamarque / Reuters The Standing Rock Sioux Claim ‘Victory and Vindication’ in Court Robinson Meyer A federal judge rules that the Dakota Access pipeline did not receive an adequate environmental vetting. A federal judge ruled in favor of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe on Wednesday, handing the tribe its first legal victory in its year-long battle against the Dakota Access pipeline. James Boasberg, who sits on D.C. district court, said that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers failed to perform an adequate study of the pipeline’s environmental consequences when it first approved its construction. In a 91-page decision, the judge cited the Corps’ study of “the impacts of an oil spill on fishing rights, hunting rights, or environmental justice” as particularly deficient, and he ordered it to prepare a new report on its risks. The court did not, however, order the pipeline to be shut off until a new environmental study is completed—a common remedy when a federal permit is found lacking. Instead, Boasberg asked attorneys to appear before him again and make a new set of arguments about whether the pipeline should operate. Continue Reading Charles M. Schulz Museum and Research Center The Exemplary Narcissism of Snoopy Sarah Boxer Some of Charles Schulz’s fans blame the cartoon dog for ruining Peanuts. Here’s why they’re wrong. It really was a dark and stormy night. On February 12, 2000, Charles Schulz—who had single-handedly drawn some 18,000 Peanuts comic strips, who refused to use assistants to ink or letter his comics, who vowed that after he quit, no new Peanuts strips would be made—died, taking to the grave, it seemed, any further adventures of the gang. Hours later, his last Sunday strip came out with a farewell: “Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Linus, Lucy … How can I ever forget them.” By then, Peanuts was carried by more than 2,600 newspapers in 75 countries and read by some 300 million people. It had been going for five decades. Robert Thompson, a scholar of popular culture, called it “arguably the longest story told by a single artist in human history.” Continue Reading Eric Thayer / Reuters All Hollowed Out Victor Tan Chen The lonely poverty of America’s white working class For the last several months, social scientists have been debating the striking findings of a study by the economists Anne Case and Angus Deaton.* Between 1998 and 2013, Case and Deaton argue, white Americans across multiple age groups experienced large spikes in suicide and fatalities related to alcohol and drug abuse—spikes that were so large that, for whites aged 45 to 54, they overwhelmed the dependable modern trend of steadily improving life expectancy. While critics have challenged the magnitude and timing of the rise in middle-age deaths (particularly for men), they and the study’s authors alike seem to agree on some basic points: Problems of mental health and addiction have taken a terrible toll on whites in America—though seemingly not in other wealthy nations—and the least educated among them have fared the worst. Continue Reading Pascal Lauener / Reuters Why Violence Against Nurses Has Spiked in the Last Decade Alexia Fernández Campbell Hospital patients are attacking staff at an alarming rate, and there are no federal regulations requiring employers to provide any protection. Here’s an alarming statistic: Around one in four nurses has been physically attacked at work in the last year. Patients often kick, scratch, and grab them; in rare cases even kill them. In fact, there are nearly as many violent injuries in the healthcare industry as there are in all other industries combined. Healthcare workers make up 9 percent of the workforce. There are currently no federal rules mandating that hospitals attempt to protect nurses from violence in the workplace, though some states have passed them on their own. State-specific measures include requirements that hospitals develop violence-prevention programs, such as teaching de-escalation techniques, and increased penalties for people convicted of assaulting healthcare workers. In October, California passed the toughest guidelines in the country, obligating healthcare employers to develop tailored violence-prevention plans for each workplace with employees’ input. But the problem has gotten so bad that the U.S. Department of Labor is considering setting nationwide workplace-safety standards for hospitals in order to prevent this kind of abuse. Continue Reading How the Internet Is Changing Friendship Alice Roth, Nicolas Pollock, Jackie Lay, Jeremy Raff, and Julie Beck Does social media make all friendships last forever? Watch Video Trump’s Ignorance Won’t Save Him Yoni Appelbaum and Daniel Lombroso If the president obstructed justice, inexperience will not work as a defense. Watch Video Environmental Racism Is the New Jim Crow Daniel Lombroso and Vann R. Newkirk II Vann R. Newkirk II argues that America’s air and water systems disadvantage communities of color. Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Health Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad > Close
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Trending story The AdWords 2017 roadmap is loaded with artificial intelligence Don't ignore A beginners' guide to Bing Ads management Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google won’t add featured snippets analytics in Search Console Don't bank on Google sharing any data on how your website is being used in the featured snippets. Barry Schwartz on June 13, 2017 at 12:51 pm More Google is not actively working on a tool within Google Search Console for publishers to get analytics about their featured snippets. That’s according to Gary Illyes, a Google webmaster trends analyst, who made the comments at SMX Advanced this morning during his keynote conversation with Danny Sullivan. About a year ago, we caught Google testing featured snippets within Google Search Analytics. But those tests must be done now, because Illyes said they are not actively working on this feature. He did say they have a solution to show publishers this data. “We have something that we think would answer those questions, but we cannot release it,” Illyes said. They cannot release it because the people who make the decisions at Google, Illyes’ bosses, he said, won’t allow them to release it. “Some people don’t want to see this feature this launched for various [reasons].” What he suggested is that webmasters should communicate to Google what you would do with that data so he can bring that sales pitch back to his bosses. They need to find a use case where it would help publishers make better content. Illyes did add that Google is working on a solution to show publishers when their web pages are used by Google by voice search. But they have no such plans for featured snippets. Illyes later added that featured snippets data is not dead, but there is a “political” reason why they are not launching it yet. We, SEOs and Gary, need to convince Google to launch it. About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Popular Stories The Periodic Table of SEO Success Factors: 2017 edition now released Setting up and testing AMP for WordPress: A quick 7-step guide Dear Google: 4 suggestions for fixing your massive problem with fake reviews SMX Advanced keynote: Google explains mobile-first, featured snippets data & more Related Topics Channel: SEOGoogle: Featured Snippets & Direct AnswersGoogle: SEO Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events White Papers The Definitive Guide to Engaging Email Marketing The Definitive Guide to Marketing Automation Top 5 Techniques for Converting Leads Through Cohesive Landing Pages The Multiplier Effect of Integrating Search and Social Advertising State of Digital Advertising 2017 See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip US   Zurich, Switzerland - 20 April, 2016: Google sign on the wall of the Google office building. Google is a multinational technology company specializing in Internet-related services and products. [Denis Linine / Shutterstock, Inc.]    Vox Calls Americans ‘Selfish’ And ‘Racist’ Due To Google Searches Alexa Archambault 3:00 PM 06/13/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP A Vox article accuses millions of Americans of racism and selfishness due to their Google searches, despite lacking context. Vox writer Sean Illing’s Tuesday piece titled “Persuasive proof that America is full of racist and selfish people” cites research conducted by Seth Stephens-Davidowitz, author of “Everybody Lies: Big Data, New Data, and What the Internet Can Tell Us About Who We Really Are.” Stephens-Davidowitz research shows “searches containing racist epithets and jokes” rose during the presidential primaries. However, Illing only cites then-candidate Donald Trump as running and equates the search data as “clues” Trump was a “serious” contender. The glaring issue here is not only the lack of context for each search – such as the race of the individuals searching and the intent of the search – but also the direct accusation that Trump and his supporters are racists. This claim is wrong considering many of the areas that carried Trump to victory in the general election previously voted for Obama. As aforementioned, neither the research nor the article addresses the race of the individuals conducting the questionable searches. Additionally, Illing never clarifies what phrases qualify as a racial “epithets” or “jokes.” These key discrepancies have the potential to change the entire landscape of the research. Stephens-Davidowitz did not immediately respond The Daily Caller News Foundation’s request for clarification. The Vox piece goes on to opine that Google searches prove Americans are selfish, as well. Illing asks Stephens-Davidowitz about how engaged the average American is in being a “warrior for justice,” and it turns out not so much. “I think a lot of people exaggerate the extent to which they’re anxious about Trump,” Stephens-Davidowitz says. “If you look at what really keeps people up at night, what really wakes them up at 3:00 am in a cold sweat, it tends to be economic concerns or health paranoia or legal fears — basically selfish concerns. But I think there’s something a little bit unpleasant about that fact. People like to say that they’re anxious about more global concerns about Trump and what he might do to the world, rather than more selfish concerns about one’s own economics or health or legal problems.” Apparently, tending to your own health and financial concerns as opposed to supposed objective social injustice makes you a self-centered disappointment, according to the article. While there is no denying that Google searches can be useful and informational, it is crucial to take a closer look at the criteria, data and political spin on analyses such as this one. Follow Alexa Archambault on Twitter. Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Donald Trump, Vox Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC 2017 News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 2.0M 483K 364K 57K 14K 21K 65K 43K Android Deals Deal: Save $150 on the Unlocked LG G6 – 6/15/17 Pick Up the Samsung Chromebook Plus for $341 – 6/15/17 Deal: Amazon Chargers & Cables Discounted 30% – Today Only Pick Up The Coding Powerhouse eBook Bundle for $29 – 6/15/17 Recent News Almost 4 Million People Registered For First Honor 9 Sale AT&T, Verizon, & Sprint Saw Staff Reductions Year On Year JBL Announces Everest 2.0 Bluetooth Headphones Series Google Maps May Get Whole Country Offline Map Downloads Recent Reviews Sony Xperia XZ Premium Review Video Blackview P2 Lite Review: A Budget Device Packed With Extras Sony Xperia XZ Premium Review – Familiar Design & Top Specs OUKITEL K4000 Plus Review – A Well-Rounded Budget Phone Google Pixel 2 Render Envisions Dual Rear Camera Design June 13, 2017 - Written By Justin Diaz A Google Pixel 2 render has shown up with a dual rear camera, showcasing what a possible design for the phone could be. To be clear it’s quite likely that this is nothing more than a fake render that someone created to show off a design of what they want the Pixel 2 to look like, but it is interesting that renders for the device are starting to surface online to showcase the design of a phone that Google is expected to unveil in the first week of October, the same time that it revealed the Pixel and Pixel XL last year. That being said, Google’s potential Pixel 2 reveal is only a little over three and a half months away, so more images could pop up in the weeks and months ahead. What’s interesting about this render is that the design looks mostly the same as the current Pixel save for a few details, some more minor than others. The most obvious of the design elements that are shown to be different from the Pixel is the nearly bezel-free display. With little to no bezel on the sides this isn’t too different from the original model, but the display shows much less bezel on the top and bottom which would be an obvious departure from the current design, though it would likely be appreciated by consumers as bezel-free screens provide more screen real estate and allow for more surface area to interact with the phone. Whether or not Google will use a similar design trait is unknown right now but the render does a good job of showing what it might look like if Google did decide to produce something similar. The dual rear cameras are another obvious change as the Pixel and Pixel XL only have a single rear-facing camera, but dual rear cameras seem to be a growing trend among flagship devices. Since this is not likely to be a real press render of the phone, there’s no way of knowing whether or not Google will use dual rear cameras just as there is no way to know if the screen will be almost edge to edge for the top and bottom. Another difference envisioned in this render is the movement of the 3.5mm audio port from the top of the device to the bottom next to the USB Type-C charging port. There’s no indication yet that Google has even decided to keep the 3.5mm audio port on the Pixel 2, let alone moving its location, but having it on the bottom might prove to be a more convenient spot for some users. This isn’t the first time a render for the next Pixel smartphone has shown up as another recently surfaced back on June 7th, showing a similar looking design for the display, though different placement of the camera sensors on the back of the phone and with a different color for the entire device. Since Google isn’t expected to reveal the Pixel 2 until the Fall, there’s plenty of time for more renders to pop up. Post navigation System UI Tuner Removes PiP & More Features in Dev Preview 3 OCF-Certified LG & Samsung Devices To Soon Be Interoperable June 13, 2017 | Android Phone News Source: Weibo Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News Almost 4 Million People Registered For First Honor 9 Sale AT&T, Verizon, & Sprint Saw Staff Reductions Year On Year JBL Announces Everest 2.0 Bluetooth Headphones Series Google Maps May Get Whole Country Offline Map Downloads Phone Comparisons: Sony Xperia XZ Vs. Xperia XZ Premium Pick Up the Samsung Chromebook Plus for $341 – 6/15/17 Expired Samsung Domain Reportedly Left Users Unprotected GSMA: There Are Now 5 Billion Mobile Subscribers Worldwide Best Games – RPGs – June 2017 Play Store Offline Notification Feature Is Still Rolling Out Verizon’s First LTE Basic Phone Goes On Sale For $168 Deal: Amazon Chargers & Cables Discounted 30% – Today Only Google Releases MobileNets TensorFlow Models ‘Less Loyal’ Unlocked Buyers Make Up 12.5% Of US Phone Market Twitter Begins Rolling Out Visual Changes Across Platforms Best Android Apps — Swimming — June 2017 Best Android Apps – Barbecue – June 2017 GearBest Deals: Chuwi LapBook 12.3, Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 & More Facebook Is Teaching Chat Bots To Negotiate HTC U11 Reportedly Selling Well & Better Than One M9, HTC 10 Researchers Peg Google Pixel Sales at 1.8 Million Load More Posts Follow Share
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... The largest of Google's 2017 devices, codenamed 'Taimen,' may be built by LG Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/12 8:32pm PDTJun 12, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 4 Share on Facebook 7 Share on Twitter Total Shares25 Google Leaks LG News Back in March, we learned that Google may be working on a third device for 2017, called 'Taimen' (Google traditionally names products after fish). This third model would be bigger than the next Pixel and Pixel XL, codenamed 'Walleye' and 'Muskie' respectively. It's not known for sure that Taimen will be a larger Pixel phone, just that it will be larger in size than Walleye and Muskie. Earlier today, we reported that Muskie has likely been cancelled, leaving Walleye and Taimen the only phones Google will reveal this year. Now it seems that Taimen may be manufactured by LG. 9to5Google spotted an issue on the Google Issue Tracker, titled 'USB PD Compliance Failure.' The second comment on the report seems to reveal that Taimen is being manufactured by LG, with the device being called "G011C" in the linked power report. Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X. Considering that the bootlooping Nexus 5X is still fresh on consumers' minds, with a lawsuit currently pending, it seems hard to believe that Google would be welcome to LG making another device. Personally, I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacturer (my Nexus 5 and 5X both died after about a year of use), but let us know what you think in the comments. Via: 9to5Google Tags bootloop Google LG taimen subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Logitech Harmony Elite only $250 at Amazon and Best Buy ($100 off) ... Next Story Logitech announces Circle 2 home security cameras—weatherproof, wired or wireless, and ... Trending 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments james fuston Can't agree. My Nexus 5 was fantastic and I'm totally fine with LG manufacturing a Pixel. Snowsky Mountain I'm hoping that even if there was a problem with some LG phones like the G4, they've fixed it by now with the V20 and G6. Those seem like (relatively) stable phones, at least compared to the G4 and V10. JSo I'm currently using a v10 after my Nexus 5X died. I'm scared for it every day now. Lol Randroid V20 still has the same issue: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The G6 hasn't been out long enough for us to know yet. (The 5X generally bootloops around the 13 month mark) Anthony Castanza Same, LG made the Nexus 4 and Nexus 5, two of the best phones I've ever owned, I'm willing to give them another chance. james fuston Not to mention the level of support Google offers on Nexus/Pixel phones is far superior to working directly with OEMs like LG. The Nexus (later Pixel) support team is easily one of the best customer support interactions I've ever had. aRvInD Everything was fine till Nexus 5. Other issues like Power button prob etc maybe there but LG was doing well in making compact phones, until phones #bootloop. If LG explicitly agrees this #bootloop issue and positively declares they've fixed this issue, like Samsung did with Note 7 battery explosion story on S8, I will be glad to hope on them... I have hope because my LG Nexus 4, still works nice/flawless for almost 5 years!... Giampi Had a Nexus 5 and sold to buy OPO (worst decision ever). I've had 2 5X (the first died because it fell into the toilet by my lovely son hands and the second one is working perfectly). Using a Pixel now but just because I wanted some new toy. c00ller Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information. Your positive experience with the Nexus 5 is obsolete and unrepresentative of the more recent LG manufactured devices such as the Nexus 5X (mentioned in the post, guess you didn't bother to click on the relevant link) and the G4. Get informed by checking out /r/Nexus5X for example (there is a stickied post titled, "Bootloop megathread 2.0" for crying out loud). After just a few minutes of browsing it should be crystal clear why most Nexus 5X owners will forever avoid LG (and dissuade their friends/family from choosing LG as well). BFRC As you might know, there is a very large gap between individual 5X devices. I have used the Nexus 5, and currently running the 5X, and both of these devices have worked flawlessly over the last few years. My gf has my N5 and is still using it, also satisfied with its performance. Because of it, there is a large split in confidence with LG for newer devices; I would still consider getting a new LG phone if I wouldn't be aware of the mass issues, whereas many others would definitely stay away from anything they'd produce. Jerzy Michał Pawlak My Nexus 5X bootlooped 13 months after purchase... so what? LG fixed it quickly and without fuss (we have 2 years manufacturer's warranty here) and the phone works great again. Problems can happen with every manufacturer (my old Samsung Note 2 bootlooped 4 months after purchase, due to faulty RAM) and LG has shown good quality of service in this case. Large_Hadron The other posters' experience of the Nexus 5 is relevant because the author of the article cited the 5 as one of the reasons they would avoid a LG-built Pixel. Actually I know several people who are still using Nexus 5s. I've only ever seen a 5X in the wild once. The G6 would be the obvious device to watch if you want information on LG's recent manufacturing, as that will be 6 months old by the time the next Pixels are released (I've not seen reports of it having problems yet, but let's give it a few more months). Ryan We get it, we know. But one phone (after all, the 5x is just a warmed over G4) being a screw-up doesnt negate they had a few years of greatness. Maybe they can get back there if they learn from their mistakes. james fuston Ah yeah, I forgot to mention my G6 is also great. hope that makes my opinion less "obsolete" in your mind. Raz My N5 is still going strong and I use it every day as my spare device. My wife and mother-in-law are using their N5X for more than one year without any issues. Don't discount a manufacturer for some bad phones. Samsung still owns a decent share of the Android market and are one of the few companies that had a device banned on most US flights. Just saying. FoxBJK Subreddits around old phones really don't have much to focus on years after the phone was released. Are 5 and 5x owners supposed to hop over to those subs just to say "My phone's working great, sorry you're all having trouble"? It wouldn't go well. What else are they supposed to talk about that wouldn't apply to other, more general subreddits? It's not a fair assessment to look at those subs, and it's just condescending to say someone's wrong because their phone still works, and they don't know anyone with boot loop issues. I don't know anyone personally suffering from those either, so am I wrong when I say the 5x was a solid device for the price? james fuston Pretty much this. Product-centric subreddits are, in my experience, 90% people who are having a really bad time (outside of the first month of a product launch, where they're all "GOT MY SHIPPING CONFIRMATION!!1!") instinct I was an LG fan after the Nexus 5 and the G2 and G3. I got burned with a G4 (bootloop) but stayed with LG for the G5 for removable battery. It's been a good phone so far, but I am not as big of a fan as I used to be. My brothers 5X and my friends G4's both bootlooped. However, if it's another Nexus 5, I'd probably get it. My favorite phone ever. Nick Coad "Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information." You are lacking current information as well, for example you don't know how many 5Xs were actually affected by the bootloop as a percentage of the overall units sold. I'm not saying the problem is not serious, or even that it is not widespread BUT what I am saying is WE DON'T KNOW how many units had the problem, so any declaration about the prevalence of the issue is based on conjecture, including yours. A subreddit especially is the most ridiculous source to cite for evidence of anything, especially a manufacturing defect, given that only users experiencing the problem are going to be posting. You have no idea how many users are out there using their Nexus 5Xs without issue (like me and a couple of my friends, for example). xyz No, thanks. Reddit is cancer. stirfry Hmmm. LG recently announced 2 year warranties, so it would appear they are standing behind their products. I will definitely be purchasing a LG Pixel 2. My hysterical friends can stuff their dissuasion. rebretz000 I still have my Nexus 5X and I never had any bootloop issues. If the new Pixel XL looks like the LG G6 I will be all over it. Randroid So many of LG's phones bootloop that there's a wikipedia page for "LG smartphone bootloop issues" that contains a list of LG phones that bootloop: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues I will not be buying another LG phone any time soon. ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ...until it boot loops XD VAVAMk_2 Mine still works thomas sim My nexus 5 not affected by infamous bootloop, but another infamous issue of power button failed after one year, replaced it cheap. Replaced battery recently and now in drawer as backup phone. My friend's 5X not so lucky though. Lost confidence on LG already. Ahmad El-Ibrahim It is scary to think LG would be manufacturing. Google really wants​ people to pick up Pixel Protect. Daniel That must be some tasty cereal.... AK Don't worry guys, it'll all be ok. This is not Nexus. This is Pixel. "Made by Google" Pixel. SomeGuy112 True, if LG is just the manufacturer and Google designs and engineers everything, there's hope. DragoCubed Isn't the comment you replied to sarcastic? SomeGuy112 Could be, too hard to tell since the Pixel devices have better build quality than the last two Nexus devices. Midnitte Doesn't matter how well something is engineered if it's put together with duct tape. SomeGuy112 Valid point. Duder12 My Pixel has been solid as fuck. Jealous? AK No, mine has served me well also... silzazsyh i think your post SOUNDED too sarcastic, but it's accurate because the pixels are great AK My bad, wasn't supposed to be. xyz Of all the things to envy other people for, a fucking phone isn't one of them. Get a life. Dirge Pass. Nicholas Matranga I had two Nexus 5xs bootloop. No thanks LG! vineeth pulipati That's a software issue though, not lg's fault caerestapermitido No. Kieron Quinn Ah yes, a software fault that happens regardless of Android version, and happens to many other LG phones too. Seems legit. Randroid Look at reddit.com/r/nexus5x a quick look into a few posts there will tell you that it is NOT software related. People blamed it on Nougat, but mine bootlooped while still on 6.0.1. Also relevant: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Snowsky Mountain Maybe it's so that it can have a bezel-less screen? I think HTC said they weren't able to reduce bezels because they were a smaller OEM, so maybe Google's going with LG because of that. heitor dude, i got a nexus 5 since 2013 and it's still handling things pretty fine. LG does a great job, you're talking shit Gjorgi Lazarovski Do you by chance have a g4, g5, v10, v20 or a 5X? If not your comment makes no sense since bootloop issues were being reported from the g4 onwards. Corbin Davenport Why would I lie about my phone dying? The power button got stuck, and it happened to a ton of people. Just do a search for "nexus 5 power button". https://www.ifixit.com/Answers/View/208337/How+do+I+fix+a+Nexus+5+Power+Button+Issue https://www.reddit.com/r/Nexus5/comments/2rpfuj/nexus_5_broken_power_button_keeps_rebooting/ https://forum.xda-developers.com/google-nexus-5/general/nexus-5-power-button-broken-heres-to-t3049747 https://protyposis.net/blog/replacing-the-nexus-5-power-button/ https://flothesof.github.io/fixing-Nexus5-power-button.html https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/nexus/XwJA0gi4tco Duder12 Whats ridiculous is you are just assuming that LG will have the same level of involvement with the Pixel 2 as they did with the Nexus 5x. The Nexus 5x was a partner device. For all we know LG is nothing but a Foxconn for the Pixel 2 Randroid Problem is that ALL recent devices made by LG are bootlooping, not just the 5X: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Randroid How about the bootloop issues on all of their recent phones? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues D13H4RD2L1V3 Mmmm, fishy cereal SomeGuy112 Google is trading fat bezels for bootloops, would rather have the fat bezels and better build quality from HTC. Rohan J Singh Best news all week .. lg any day over htc. If it's htc then mostly it will be based off u11 type shitty front design. Randroid I'm just gunna leave this here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Rohan J Singh Ofcourse they are going to work on it if they aim to compete with apple which they are Randroid Work on what? The bootloop issue that has been plaguing them for their last 5 releases? Yeah, you go ahead and be part of their test group. Let me know when your device bootloops. Rohan J Singh If i do buy this i will reply to you here, Bookmarked ! Orion Exactly! cadtek91 I dunno what the big deal is. LG and HTC are just manufacturers, like Foxconn is to Apple. Google has final say on design, schematics, layouts, testing, BOMs, components. SomeGuy112 Let's hope that's the case this year, the OG Pixel looks surprisingly simlar to other HTC designs, rumor was HTC gave Google a HTC phone template to base the original Pixel off of because they needed something fast due to a deal gone bad with Huawei, of course that's just a rumor though This year they had lots of time, so hopefully the design is somewhat more unique. Luxferro Don't forget the 6P's battery shutdown issues too. cadtek91 Yeah, that's Hauwei's fault though, not LG's. Patriciaahenry Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dg155c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dg155c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs445DirectGroupsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dg155c:....,.... Chris Thurber Why did you only work 90 hours in the last four weeks if you're making that much per hour? Why not work a normal 80 hour work week?? You'd be a millionaire? Hmm?? HMM??? Luxferro Re-read your initial comment, and tell me why your comment applies to the nexus 5, 5X, but not 6P. demarcmj The point of his original comment was that there is (or should be) a difference between Nexus devices and Pixel devices W.R.T. the role of the manufacturer. Meaning that the problems experienced on Nexus phones need not necessarily deter customers from a Pixel because in this case (theoretically) the phone is being designed by Google and the manufacturer is just building to print. VAVAMk_2 Crap batteries from Huawei. Can confirm. Once replaced they run fine. Luxferro I think part of the issue is Google and could be software too. The phone communicates with the battery over I2C bus. If the phone is at 30% battery, and all of a sudden it powers off and won't turn back on until you connect to a charger for a split second while you press the power button. Then it boots back up with 30% then why did it turn off? Did the cells go into some protection mode? Did the battery say we're running low and tell android to power off? Did the phone mis-interpret I2C communication and think it needs to turn off. I'm sure google could narrow down the problem if they actually looked at it - just monitor the I2C traffic to and from the battery. It's their phone... they sold and marketed it. Nope.jpeg I guess they all have pretty back customer support, so that doesn't matter, either. Large_Hadron The original Pixels had a lot more HTC design in them than Google's marketing would like you to think. I don't think it's a secret that they were a bit of a rush job (though they've overall held up pretty well despite that). Of course they shouldn't be a rush this time, so probably "designed by Google" will be more accurate this time. But I can still understand reservations if people have reason to distrust a particular manufacturer. Randroid Here's a list of LG phones that bootloop (Including the 5x): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The problem is with something at LG and the way they manufacturer their devices. They all bootloop. (All recent models at least) xyz Anything they can do to avoid blaming their precious Google. If the phone has the Google logo on it, then any problems with it are Google's fault. James Briano I'm going to have another look at that "Essential" phone Luxferro I think I'm buying that too. I have mine reserved. Time to try something new than a Google phone. Bombaglad the only thing bugging me about that phone is the absence of amoled wjrandon I never had a problem with my Nexus 5. Frankly I welcome LG over HTC. Considering the publicity of their past hardware problems I'm sure LG's engineers would make sure not to repeat any past mistakes. Bring on that massive 6 inch display. My body is ready! phineasjw I've always bought a new Android phone every two years, however similar to desktops, we've reached mobile CPU performance saturation. I've got a Nexus 6P and really feel no need to upgrade to a new $750 phone with only slightly better performance when the 6P is still blazing along. We'll see what the next Pixel iteration brings.. needa Buy a battery or two now, while you can still get OEM quality. You can thank me later. DragoCubed I'm still using my S4 :P WitnessG This kills the hype. Its hard to trust LG with their flaky past of bad quality. Luxferro The Nexus 6P has similar issues with it's battery... Henry Park That doesn't excuse LG in anyway shape or form, especially since G4 G5 V10 V20 all had similar boot looping problems. Manny Fleurmond V20? I own a V20 and have no problems Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues George famous last words... VAVAMk_2 Huawei used crappy quality batteries that degrade after a year. Replace the battery and it runs great again. I did. Roy But here Google design the phone, so it's different. JSo My Nexus 5X died on me. But my Nexus 5 still runs good. Go figure. I loved both phones though. Curtis Bond I'd sure as hell take LG over HTC. michael interbartolo Lg stepped up and fixed my wife's 5x at 13 months (though did take about 6 weeks) and my 5x at 18 months (turn around was a mere week) so hopefully they learned from their mistakes. portalpirate Poor HTC. Aaron Makes me wonder if the Pixel supply problem wasn't due to production issues at HTC. virk With a dead Nexus 5 and 5X lying around, I'm done with LG. Max If it looks somewhat similar to the G6 shape, keeps the Pixel smoothness and they don't make the mistake of making it larger than a S8+ then they'll have my money for sure! Dan Franchini An LG G6 with an SD 835 and pure Android. Sign me up. Bombaglad they'd need to revive old motorola for that (not the nonsense "moto" they've become under lenovo) Max Johnson I'm not concerned, doesn't seem to be a problem with the G5 and going forward. Bombaglad yeah, the g5 sucked, but didn't bootloop.... OR DID IT?! Christopher Bement Biased much? My N4 and G6 have been flawless, but like you, that's my experience. tim242 For fuck's sake. There is a class actin lawsuit over the issue. Duder12 Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. Randroid Problem is, Google will only perform the replacement if you bought the phone from the Google Store or from Project Fi. If you purchased it anywhere else, you have to go through LG. Luckily I purchased mine from Fi, so when mine bootlooped I got a replacement relatively quickly. destinyhud i know u think u r trying to over smart others but u need to stop. there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid I was referencing the current state of things with the 5x. The comment that I was replying to was talking about Google doing well with the 5x replacements, my comment was specifically about 5x replacements, and is 100% true in that context. Google HAS done a great job with replacements, but LG has NOT. The fact that Google is good at replacing LG's crappy phones is NOT a reason for me to buy a phone that is made by a company that is known for its shoddy hardware. Go ahead and buy more LG stuff. Have fun when it bootloops like the rest of them. destinyhud u r trying to troll with ur comments. u replied to this "Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. " I think u need to get a life. we all know it bootloops but what u r doing is childishly silly Randroid How is that trolling? I'm pointing out facts. Google is good about providing replacements for LG's screw-up; LG is not good at it. "we all know it bootloops" - no, if you read the comments on this page, not everyone knows it bootloops. destinyhud pointing out on every posts?? thats exactly why i said u r trolling with ur childishly silly troll post Ryan Cottrell Weren't all the rumors a year ago saying HTC signed a 2 year, 3 phone contract? Also, maybe they'll have LG make one with a bigger screen, a la G6 since it will minimize component costs, and HTC will make a normal, upgrade from current, Pixel. Si vis pacem, para bellum Given that LG makes the second best smartphone of 2017 so far after the S8, this is good news. Up until now I have never been able to buy any Nexus/Pixel smartphone or tablet in part because most of them weren't even sold here in Western Europe and in part because most of the time there always was some deal breaking spec (especially battery and storage related) and/or lack of some important feature, but I hope that can change soon. Until then, Google will continue to be totally irrelevant on the "hardware side" of the market. iKon It can never be the best phone of 2017, with a 2016 processer. Mike Bastable Well someone certainly has a beef with LG. Simply the most stupid article I have ever read here. Biased and ridiculous. Make me think that A.P. is doing on quality control and impartiality. Piss poor. whispy_snippet Mate. Calm down. Mike Bastable Zen here. However some of the recent articles seem like the ranting of Fanboys (usually found in the comments section) instead of researched articles. A.P is becoming less essential as a result, which is a shame. whispy_snippet Someone's ranting anyway. needa They are all becoming less essential. Nowadays it doesn't really matter what phone you buy... it's going to be a good one. At least AP dives into the code and gets their hands a bit dirty. Everyone else is either a corporate sellout like AC, has terrible page load times due to the ads like AA, or just copy pastes press releases and takes the weekend off like DL. Mike Bastable Points well made Sir_Brizz My Nexus 5 remains my favorite phone of all time. I would love to see a new device with similar design language. whispy_snippet Same here. I have a Pixel now but my old N5 still works! c00ller The number of strong, uninformed, and stubborn opinions in this comments section is a sad reminder of the state of society in general whispy_snippet If we see a hodge podge split design approach with the Pixel I'll be very surprised (and disappointed). DragoCubed It was a lazy design. Flint_PS I don't mind. I've had a Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and am currently using a Nexus 5X. Good phones (although not without faults, obviously), and LG warranty support is pretty great where I live. needa I don't know why you would stay away, unless LG is designing the Pixel from the ground up like they did the Nexus devices. LoE Am I the only one in the world with a perfectly working Nexus 5X? And a perfectly working Nexus 4 before that? I would welcome another LG phone. JD You sir have the unicorn. lomsha Some hope for reduced bezels then lol. Oliver Cervera ✔ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ My Nexus 5 is still rocking, Nexus 5X bootlooping :( Lawstorant Aaaaaaand my interest suddenly dropped to 0. Rohan My nexus 4 worked perfectly till I sold it early this year Dmitry Stepanushkin Same, but wife threw it on floor in underground train station, and screen became unusable. Last thing I did erased it remotely, then it bootlooped and I force powered it off and it went to recycle bin. tmartin yes, mine still runs well (for a phone as old as it is, of course). My N5X started boot looping a few months ago and I brought out my N4 for the month it took LG to fix the 5X. Needless to say, at this point I need a finger print sensor, but the N4 worked well and felt so great in my hand compared to the 5X. Rohan I would instantly get one, jsut for looks if they released a nexus Mini or something with upgrades specs and N4 design. I absolutely loved that phone. Jas Kapadia The leaks are coming! "itshappening.gif" Also thumbs up for that header image. Too good. Dmitry Stepanushkin Add "spoiler alert"😀 Duncan Booth My Nexus 5 got unreliable GPS after nearly 2 years, but was replaced under warranty. My Nexus 5X died completely after 18 months but was replaced under warranty. It's great getting a new phone paid for by Google every couple of years, so as long as they're happy to go with LG I won't have any complaints. Dmitry Stepanushkin Unfortunately not everyone able to get replacement. It FeelsBadMan when thing suddenly breaks and bought somewhere on Ebay. I prefer phones without known major defects over being able to maybe get replacement some day. Rob I'm still using my Nexus 5, and still love it. I won't buy another phone until someone makes a decent one with stock Android that's no bigger. Lucas Araujo Great news! If this is true, there is a chance that the new Pixel can be launched here in Brazil since HTC left the country a few years ago. I guess that you had some very bad luck with your Nexus's devices. I had a Nexus 4, 5 and 5x (my current phone). All of them are still working despite the cracked screen (my fault) and the power button not working properly on the N5. Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues TechGuy22 That's why there's a rumor about bezel being slim since HTC can't make good looking devices anymore Chris You kidding? Nexus 5 was absolutely amazing. yann933 Well considering my 5x just died this Friday, I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;) Looks like the Taimen will be getting 2 years of warranty guys!!!! /s Randroid Google only handles replacements if you bought from Google (or Project Fi.) People who bought from LG, their carrier, or any other source have to go through LG and some are waiting months for a replacement. I, on the other hand, did buy from Fi and got a replacement within about a week. destinyhud there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid As with my other comment, this was specifically talking about 5x replacements. NOT Pixel replacements. Still will never buy another LG phone because I don't want to HAVE to replace my phone when it bootloops. destinyhud no S/he was talking about pixel replacement. read again. his old phone died and "I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;)" Randroid has no problem even if it bootloops but u seem to have a problem with it. 4Ui812 I'm not sure it's the hardware that you have to worry about regarding any new Pixel (fixel) phone as much as it is the software. Randroid If it's made by LG, hardware is what you need to be worried about: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues 4Ui812 My first touch screen phone was a LG (can't remember the name of it) I bought (used) on eBay and never had a issue with it. I've also owned a LG DVD burner (still have it) and a tv in the past. I've only had a few experiences with LG products but every experience had been great. Maybe the company isn't so great anymore ? Randroid Yeah, things change. I *loved* LG's flip phones back in the day. I wouldn't buy a phone if it wasn't LG. But then when smart phones came out the quality was always lacking. Now that they've (kinda) caught up in quality as far as performance is concerned, other issues have popped up. I bought the 5X forgetting that it was made by LG. I honestly probably wouldn't have purchased it even back then if I had realized that fact. LG has never been on the top of the list for smart phones. They were alright for a time, but never on the top. PhantomGamers FWIW I got an OG Nexus 5 on release and it's still running pretty strong, my dad is using it now. Only issue is that the battery dies really fast now, might try and swap it out. Dmitry Stepanushkin I using mine as second phone. All good except battery and some lags coz "only" 2GB of RAM. ROB Be careful with swapping the battery... I killed mine... very depressing. It was a great phone. kamiller42 Cute picture. Spread the hate. I wonder if Samsung articles will be accompanied with images of roasted and burnt marshmallows. Naaaahh. someone755 No because that didn't happen on a mass scale and saw Samsung release a hardware revision that would get swapped out for consumers free of charge, and then later a software update that would render the devices useless. Samsung publicly acknowledged and apologized for the issue and worked together with people and companies to prevent further damage. LG, on the other hand, refuses to even put out a statement to either confirm or deny that the bug exists, despite having several lawsuits launched against them in recent history. The bugs affect many more people than Samsung's battery issue. Samsung should be praised or at least be given a pass because of the way they handled the situation. LG should be shamed both because it's basically stealing from its customers as well as for the waste their dead phones are generating. kamiller42 Samsung handled the issue. Claimed the issue was limited, claimed a fix which wasn't, and several more burned. I think Samsung did handle as best they could, but don't whitewash the event. Exploding phones is far more serious than boot loops. Yet, don't see AP dogging them. Also, not everyone is experiencing boot loops. someone755 Not everyone experienced a burning battery. My point is, and I think you know that, that Samsung reacted to the problem quickly and did several things about it. It may not have been perfect (it certainly wasn't), but it is commendable. LG's attitude is despicable and appalling. Randroid Samsung had 1 phone with an issue, and they quickly addressed it. LG currently has 5, and they still have yet to even try to address the issue. (I say "currently" because there isn't enough data to make a decision about some of their more recent releases.) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues kamiller42 Too quickly addressed. Huh? Recalled, said it was fixed, and then recalled again. No boot loop ever threatened anyone's life. Am I right? I think the Boot Loops cartoon and burnt marshmallows image are infantile. Randroid No bootloop ever threatened anyone's life? I guess you haven't been in an emergency situation without a cell phone. People whose phone have bootlooped are taking MONTHS to be replaced. A lot can happen when you're without a means of contact for 3 months. And again, they're still not comparable. Samsung quickly recalled the product when they found out about the issues. Yes, they messed up by rushing out a replacement that had a similar issue, but then (again) QUICKLY issued another recall. LG has known about these issues for YEARS and has done nothing to remedy them. kamiller42 Which would you rather have in your pocket, a boot looping phone or an exploding one? Randroid Neither, I'd rather the company take responsibility for the problem (like Samsung did) and return my broken phone. Instead, I've got a phone in my pocket that is waiting to bootloop at any time because they replaced it with the same device instead of giving me a device that has no issues. kamiller42 You're talking about response. I'm talking about the problems. I'll take the looping phone. You can keep the burnt leg. demarcmj "Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X." I'm confused by this line. Has the manufacturer of the "Walleye" been leaked yet? Patrick Smithopolis All the tech sites are pretty sure it's HTC. It was reported last year that HTC has an agreement with Google to manufacture the Pixel phones for two or three years. charlie Jason Hopefully LG is capable of making phones with thin bezels, unlike HTC. destinyhud did u miss the G6??? why hopefully? they can make one matteventu I had all the intentions to change my 128GB Pixel XL for the "Pixel XL 2" (or whatever it will be called, regardless of screen size - if not bigger than 6"), but £800 for some LG crap, no thanks, Google you're not going to see my money. Marcelove "I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacture" Yeah, let's buy chinese-slave-labor-made-phone from Xiaomi, Huawei and others instead... blindexecutioner My slave built OnePlus 3T is probably the best built phone I've ever used. You'd think those other manufacturer's could get it right if they're using higher paid free-living adults. Alex Kruger Before people start freaking out about LG, they fixed the design flaw that was leading to boot looping. They no longer have the battery and processor next to each other, they're in separate sides of the phone (processor is on top and the battery is in the bottom) with a heat pipe in between. They started doing this with the G6, which has not suffered and major boot looping issues, and has sold significantly better that the G5 and (I believe) the V10 and V20. I, and many tech bloggers (including Android Police) have been really impressed with the G6 and how well it's aging. Randroid You mean the G6 that release 2 months ago? Yeah, it's aging well. The average time it takes for a 5X to bootloop is around 13 months, so there is no useful data as to how this device will handle at that point of its lifetime. Ryan I only finally had the bootloop issue but I had the extended warranty. While I am not as happy with my 5x my Nexus 4 was an EXCELLENT phone. I even fired it up and used it for the two days I had to wait for my replacement 5x. So, for me, if LG put as much effort into the Pixel as they did the Nexus 4 I could see it being interesting. But if its like the 5x no way, not for Pixel prices. Patrick Smithopolis My Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and Nexus 5X are all working without issue. tmartin Isn't Google supposed to be designing these from the ground up, with LG just acting as a manufacturing partner?? Or have we all moved past that? blindexecutioner Did people really believe that? The Pixel is very clearly an HTC designed phone. Berni Hargrove But wasn't that just because they were short on time? Mike I Author of this article is loose. LG 5x is not in a lawsuit. I'm staying away from you Corbin. tmartin Is Taimen going to be a tango phone? I'm starting this rumor if its not already out there. _jsw_ Literally came here to post this. I hope so, and, if it is, I'm buying it... assuming I don't buy the Asus Zenphone AR first. Tango isn't quite there yet, but it's so tantalizingly close. tmartin Yeah, I don't know. I was planning on getting the XL and Taimen sounds bigger than I want. But maybe I can be convinced. Then again, if I can't fit the thing in my pocket, kind of a deal breaker. tmartin It does sound like Google is wanting to do more with it. I'm skeptical of the whole VR/AR thing, but it is fun to watch it come together. _jsw_ I've got the Tango Tablet, which still runs but is getting really *really* old now (it's never been upgraded past KitKat!!). Still, I've done some coding on it and used it to build decent 3D models of spaces, but the sensors and CPUs weren't quite what I needed. Add a second actual camera on the other end/bottom for real stereoscopic range finding, and the potential is massive. A legit 3D scanner in your hand is an awesome concept. As far as AR/VR goes, though... I think you also need that second camera so that you can look "through" it when it's in a headset and still get stereoscopic vision. The Samsung Gear VR lets you do AR via a passthough of the camera when you're using it, but it seems too "flat" because of only having one "eye". I realize Google isn't going to have two rear-facing cameras, but... if someone would, that would finally be a useful VR/AR headset-capable device. disastrousrainbow I've owned three LG devices in my life. The G3, Nexus 5X, and G5. Neither one of those phone's ever boot looped for me. I'm not saying it's not a problem (because obviously it is for some) but judged off my experience, comments on here, and even the couple of friends I know that are using LG's, I feel as if the severity of this issue is due to a small minority making big noise about it. Shaun Smith Enter the G6 clone. Ugh Shaun Smith I know it's supposed to be bigger, but just remembering when Google asked Moto for a big phone and we ended up with a giant Moto X named Shamu cellabonez Time for sony to make a Nexus StankyChikin N5, G4, V10, Currently on G6 - Have had them all.. Rest have been handed down and work great still. JOAT I had a Nexus 5x and needed a warranty replacement​. Please no, Google!!! sraj49 Let us not forget that the hardware and software is total responsibility of Google and LG had no day in it. I am surprised that a comment like this coming from the author whom I respect for a good analysis King_Android Essential "The Phone" FTW!!!!!!! Joshua Binyard I don't know of any manufacturer that hasn't had issues with their phones, at one point or another. No I'm getting my next pixel 2 "the biggest one" no matter who makes it. And if it acts up I will trade it in. I hope the phone and the case are released at the same time Roy I think it's great. Let's think about it for a little​. Google wanted LG's OLED and in the same time was looking for a new Factory to build the next Pixel. Maybe LG was like you wont our best displays first in line take us to build the next Pixel. In the meantime HTC can't hel to build the new pixel without big bezels and not enough big battery and if Google ever wanted to bring back the front stereo speakers it's really difficult with HTC. LG roking​ with the G6 with tiny bezels. So with LG'S new OLED they can save more place for compact design big battery and the way Google get great display more likely with HDR and can bring back the stereo speakers:) Everybody wins. blindexecutioner Any manufacturer is better than HTC. I hope Google takes some of LG's design the way they took HTC's dated design as well (Even though they say they were responsible or the design it was clearly HTC inspired just like the Nexus devices have always been). Indianajonze well they made the nexus 5 as well, and that phone was amazing. personally, i welcome any opportunity that allows for the possibility we'll get an lcd screen over oled... Gytole Had the G2,3,4,5 and V20, never had a bootloop. I'm for it. Lisandro what a way to kill a phone even before being manufactured Tech Dude My prior LG phones were great. LG G2 and a coupleof LG G3s still going strong as emergency devices. Now my Nexus 6P.. I'm on my forth. No more devices from Huawei. Morenicano That "Boot Loops" picture tho....... 😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Orion Ummmm no. Never seen any issues with LG. This will be my next phone if the specs come correct. xyz Bollocks. Nexus 5 was the best Google branded phone ever. Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 172 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 33 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 395 1 Year Ago Today Editorial: iOS 10 is Apple’s not-so-secret love letter to Android 2016/06/15 4:50pm PDTJun 15, 2016 52 2 Years Ago Today Google Maps Now Warns You If You Are Navigating To A Place That Will Be Closed When You Arrive 2015/06/15 2:52pm PDTJun 15, 2015 43 3 Years Ago Today PSA: No, The OnePlus One Is Not Waterproof, So Don't Try This At Home 2014/06/15 11:20am PDTJun 15, 2014 2 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Emancy: Borderline War, Shelter, And Beejumbled 2013/06/15 5:49pm PDTJun 15, 2013 21 5 Years Ago Today Zombies, Run! Spices Up Your Running Routine With A Little Undead Uprising 2012/06/15 10:20pm PDTJun 15, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today [Updated] EVO Shift 4G Gingerbread OTA Update Dropping June 17th 2011/06/15 3:41pm PDTJun 15, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today HTC Aria Coming June 20th To AT&T, Initial Hands-On Impressions Surface 2010/06/15 5:50pm PDTJun 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 30 Google adds Play Store support to more Chromebooks from Acer, Dell, ASUS, HP, Lenovo, and Samsung 2017/06/15 11:01am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 173 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 124 queries | 0.412s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei E3 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Xbox One X OnePlus 5 iPhone 7 deals Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Has HTC lost its Google Pixel manufacturing gig? Has HTC lost its Google Pixel manufacturing gig? by Chris Smith 13 June 2017 0 shares Read Comments When Google outed the Pixel phones last summer, it did so under a ‘Made by Google’ slogan. Well, seasoned observers will remember, that wasn’t entirely true. Although Google played a larger role in the design, the phones were actually manufactured by HTC, although the Taiwanese firm’s branding was nowhere to be found on either the Pixel or Pixel XL handsets. Related: Google Pixel review Now it seems that HTC will be passing on the anonymous mantle to LG, which has reportedly been recruited to build the second-generation Pixel phones. The news comes via 9to5Google, with a reporter trawling the Android bug tracker to find evidence LG is building the device codenamed ‘Tamien’. The report sheds light on an Google employee asking his LG counterpart to move a bug to a different board. The file path for that board? “Android > Partner > External > LGE > Taimen > power.” Android Police says it has been able to independently verify the report. Just yesterday the site’s sources said Google had dropped the larger Pixel 2 device, codenamed Muskie, in favour of an even larger device dubbed Tamien. Will the Pixel 2's manufacturer make much difference to the overall quality of the phone? Lend us your thoughts in the comments section below. Latest Deals From Ebay Google Pixel 32GB (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.0" FHD 4GB RAM Quite Black / Very Silver $614.99 View Item Google Pixel XL 32GB Verizon Wireless 4G LTE Android WiFi Smartphone $474.95 View Item Google Pixel 32GB (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.0" FHD 4GB RAM Quite Black / Very Silver $614.99 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Microsoft Google Tech Microsoft is really scared of Chromebooks in businesses and schools New, 128 comments by Tom Warren@tomwarren Jun 13, 2017, 2:29pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Microsoft first revealed its concerns over Chromebooks in an attack on Google’s laptops more than three years ago. While Chromebooks haven’t become best-sellers for consumers just yet, they have started to become popular with students in the US and slowly with some businesses. Microsoft is now revealing it's worried about this threat with two new videos on its Windows YouTube channel today. The first promises that Windows 10 “outshines” Chrome OS for businesses, with features like Windows Ink, Cortana, Windows Hello, and Microsoft Edge. Bizarrely, Microsoft isn’t positioning its new Windows 10 S operating system as its alternative to Chrome OS, instead it’s using the Windows 10 Pro version for comparisons. In the second video Microsoft highlights Sway, Windows Ink, and security through Windows Hello. Some of these are reasonable comparisons between Windows 10 and Chrome OS, but overall these videos just prove Microsoft has a lot to fear from Chrome OS. It’s no surprise that Microsoft has fresh concerns around Chromebooks. While Apple claims the iPad Pro could replace your Windows laptop, Google is slowly doing that with a range of low-cost laptops. Google’s Chrome OS is the biggest threat to Windows’ existence right now, simply because Google’s business model is devices that are cheap to buy and easy to use. Apple’s model of costly tablets in schools and businesses hasn’t really taken off yet, with iPad sales crashing. Google also offers its G Suite range of online word processing, email, and other apps that compete directly with Microsoft Office. These are free for schools, and relatively low-cost for businesses to adopt too. Google may have also helped the PC market grow for the first time in five years. Chromebooks also outsold Macs for the first time in the US last year, prompting Microsoft to focus on Windows 10 S and other efforts for schools. Next Up In Tech Amazon granted a patent that prevents in-store shoppers from online price checking The CIA has lots of ways to hack your router Jeff Bezos asks Twitter for philanthropy ideas that can help ‘right now’ DirecTV Now’s latest attempt to draw new subscribers is a free Roku Premiere US government awards millions to HPE, Intel, and others in hopes they’ll build next-gen supercomputers Facebook says it wants ‘to be a hostile place for terrorists’ Now Trending Amazon granted a patent that prevents in-store shoppers from online price checking Well, isn’t that ironic Sony's excuse for blocking PlayStation and Xbox cross-platform play is hostile and stupid Sony head, meet desk Microsoft Surface Pro review: the new normal Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 7. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Amazon granted a patent that prevents in-store shoppers from online price checking by Dani Deahl 29 comments / new Super Mario Odyssey has co-op, will let you play as Mario’s hat by Chaim Gartenberg 6 comments / new The CIA has lots of ways to hack your router by Russell Brandom 14 comments / new How The Last of Us' expansion impacted Uncharted: The Lost Legacy by Megan Farokhmanesh God of War director used John Woo’s masterpiece to sell the developer on his huge idea by Chris Plante 2 comments / new Bill Nye Saves the World will be back for a second season by Shannon Liao 15 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Just In 17mins Presidential poll: No name proposed by govt, says Congress after Rajnath, Naidu meet Sonia 53mins Champions Trophy: Dhoni made a key move during the semifinals, says Kohli 1hr India ranked top exporter of ICT services: UN report 1hr Darjeeling crisis: Army deployed near GJM headquarters 1hr Kohli becomes quickest cricketer to score 8000 ODI runs 1hr Champions Trophy 2017: Don’t think we need to change anything for final: Kohli 1hr TDP MP Diwakar Reddy barred from flying; probe ordered into his alleged unruly behaviour 1hr Bat-Signal lights up Los Angeles in tribute to Adam West 1hr Infosys announces leadership changes 2hrs Man dies in Niagara Falls after surviving 2003 plunge 2hrs Sensex bounces 107 points on exports growth, Nifty above 9,600 2hrs Rupee opens lower by 15 paise against dollar 2hrs Twitter unveils new look, which users quickly mock 3hrs UN urges Yemen cease-fire and open ports to confront cholera 3hrs Syrian refugee named as first victim of London fire Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD The full length of Uber's woes Share On JUST IN 17mins Presidential poll: No name proposed by govt, says Congress after Rajnath, Naidu meet Sonia 53mins Champions Trophy: Dhoni made a key move during the semifinals, says Kohli 1hr India ranked top exporter of ICT services: UN report 1hr Darjeeling crisis: Army deployed near GJM headquarters 1hr Kohli becomes quickest cricketer to score 8000 ODI runs 1hr Champions Trophy 2017: Don’t think we need to change anything for final: Kohli 1hr TDP MP Diwakar Reddy barred from flying; probe ordered into his alleged unruly behaviour 1hr Bat-Signal lights up Los Angeles in tribute to Adam West 1hr Infosys announces leadership changes 2hrs Man dies in Niagara Falls after surviving 2003 plunge 2hrs Sensex bounces 107 points on exports growth, Nifty above 9,600 2hrs Rupee opens lower by 15 paise against dollar 2hrs Twitter unveils new look, which users quickly mock 3hrs UN urges Yemen cease-fire and open ports to confront cholera 3hrs Syrian refugee named as first victim of London fire CLOSE Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes London fire: many dead Business Business The full length of Uber's woes The Hindu Net Desk June 13, 2017 23:23 IST Updated: June 13, 2017 23:23 IST Share Article PRINT A A A A sprawling, multi-month investigation was conducted into Uber's cultures and practices.   The Hindu Net Desk June 13, 2017 23:23 IST Updated: June 13, 2017 23:23 IST more-in The new year has not been kind to Uber. After failing to contain allegations of sexual harassment in the work place, Uber has fallen afoul of federal agencies who claim the company used a fake version of its app to thwart agencies. A federal judge in San Francisco has referred allegation of secrets theft to the U.S. Attorney's office for investigation. Here is a timeline of some of Uber's troubles in recent months. February 2 - Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits President Donald Trump's council of business leaders amid pressure from employees and calls for boycotting the radio-cab-hailing app by customers. February 19 - A former Uber engineer, Susan Fowler makes a slew of sexual harassment claims, alleging sexism within the workplace in a blog post about her year atUber. She lamented the fact there was no grievance redressal mechanism within the startup, and that higher-ups turned a blind eye to blatant sexism. Kalanick called what she described "abhorrent." February 23 - Uber is sued by Waymo, a self-driving car company spun off from Google. Waymo alleged that Anthony Lewandowski, a former top executive at Google's self-driving-car project who jumped ship to join Uber, stole pivotal technology, giving a fillip to Uber's effort at capturing the nascent market for driverless cars.    February 28 - A video emerges online which showed CEO Travis Kalanick getting into a heated argument with a driver. The conversation which was littered with profanities, ended with a combative Kalanick dismissing the agitated driver's claims that sharp deduction in fares forced him into bankruptcy. In the video, Kalanick shouts that "some people don't like to take responsibility for their own s---. They blame everything in their life on somebody else. Good luck." March 3 - A New York Times report reveals that the company has been wielding a secret weapon to thwart antagonistic government authorities who have been trying to curtail or shut down its ride-hailing services in cities around the world. One project, called 'Greyball' identified regulators who posed as riders while trying to gather evidence about the company breaking local laws governing taxis. Uber has claimed that by virtue of being a radio-wave based cab hailing service, its cannot be bound by existing archaic rules in many countries. March 19 - Uber's president Jeff Jones resigns less than a year after joining the company. He tells the tech blog Recode that "the beliefs and approach to leadership that have guided my career are inconsistent with what I saw and experienced at Uber." March 25 - A report by The Information describes a 2014Uber team visit to a escort-karaoke bar in Seoul. According to the report, "four male Uber managers picked women out of the group, calling out their numbers, and sat with them." After the evening, a female Uber employee told HR that the trip made her uncomfortable. March 25 - An Uber SUV operating in autonomous mode is involved in an accident. Nobody is seriously injured, and a police spokesperson reportedly said that Uber was not at fault April 12 - The attrition of top executives continues with Rachel Whetstone, the head of communications, leaving the company. April 27 - Lewandowski announces his decision to step down from Uber's self-driving car development team while investigations are ongoing.  May 5 -  An audit report by the city of Portland, Oregon, emerges which reveals that the Justice Department is probing allegations that Uber used Greyball software to stymie authorities. May 11 - A federal judge in San Francisco refers Waymo's petition that Uber is using its technology to the U.S. Attorney's office for investigation. The move adds legitimacy to Waymo's claim that Lewandowski illegally extracted and passed on sensitive information to Uber. June 12 - Senior Vice President Emil Michael, a close ally of chief executive Travis Kalanick resigns.  June 13 - The embattled CEO Travis Kalanick tells employees in an email that he will take time away from the company he helped to found, citing the need to grieve for his recently deceased mother. Post a Comment More In Newsletter Business Related Articles << Previous Story Sensex recovers partially, moves up 102 points on inflation cheer Next Story >> New ₹500 notes to be issued by RBI soon Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Jun 16, 2017 12:39:12 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/business/the-full-length-ofubers-woes/article19033279.ece © The Hindu India aims to lift ‘doing business’ ranking Nation was ranked 130 out of 190 countries last year in the World Bank’s report Arun S Top Picks in The Hindu today Kohli becomes quickest cricketer to score 8000 ODI runs Translocation: New road to saving trees in Gadag 10-year-old girl rescued from Devadasi system in Kalaburagi village What does daily revision of petrol, diesel prices a.k.a dynamic fuel pricing mean? Raina, Yusuf sign up for TNPL The poor man with a valuable currency collection Donors, KEM ensure impaired kids hear more than sound of silence OnePlus 5 to focus on smoothness Silambarasan says he is entering a new phase with 'AAA' Hindu Sena celebrates Trump's birthday Close X Next Story >> New ₹500 notes to be issued by RBI soon CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Young World Club Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Top States 2017 Trailblazers Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Cambridge Cyber Summit Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Tour Net/Net Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Google's still trying to get some 'high-profile' brands back after YouTube ad crisis Johnson & Johnson, AT&T and JPMorgan pulled back on ad spending. Google has been putting in place greater controls for marketers. "There are still occasional events." Ari Levy | @levynews Tuesday, 13 Jun 2017 | 2:05 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Google's still trying to get some 'high-profile' brands back after YouTube ad crisis    Tuesday, 13 Jun 2017 | 3:35 PM ET | 00:44 After YouTube's advertising crisis in recent months that saw ads running alongside neo-Nazi and jihadist videos, Google has been able to lure most brands back to the site. But not all. "We still have some high-profile advertisers that have not returned," said Allan Thygesen, Google's president of the Americas, at a conference on Tuesday hosted by investment bank Rutberg. "We will not rest until we get them all on." In early February, The Times of London reported that ads for brands like Mercedes-Benz were showing up in YouTube videos promoted by hate groups. Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan, AT&T and Verizon were among companies that subsequently suspended or pulled advertising with Google, following media buying agency Havas in the U.K. Google's parent, Alphabet, responded with a blog post in March, announcing that the company was more aggressively removing ads from hateful content, giving brands more control over where their ads are placed and providing more transparency to marketers so they can see where their ads are appearing. Thygesen said the company has made a "huge amount of progress the past three months," but that getting to perfection is impossible with the amount of activity that YouTube hosts. There are more than 1 billion watched hours of video a day on the site and more than 400 hours uploaded every minute. Ari Levy | CNBC Google's president of the Americas Allan Thygesen speaking to Rutberg's Rajeev Chand at a Rutberg conference in Half Moon Bay, California. Research firm eMarketer predicted last April that YouTube would account for 10.8 percent of Google's net U.S. ad revenue in 2016, up from 9.1 percent the prior year. Brands need to see improvements from YouTube or they can pull spending from other parts of the internet giant. "There are still occasional events," Thygesen said. "We're still working to improve our models." Ari LevySenior Tech Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Blue Sky Innovation Technology Tim Cook teases more details on Apple's car project JOHN CETRINO / EPA Apple CEO Tim Cook before delivering the commencement address at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology June 17. Apple CEO Tim Cook before delivering the commencement address at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology June 17. (JOHN CETRINO / EPA) Brian FungBlue Sky Innovation It may be the worst-kept secret in Silicon Valley that Apple has been working on something having to do with cars. The issue is, nobody outside of Apple could really say what the project has been about — until now. Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook has shed more light on his company's automotive efforts, revealing that the company is "focusing on autonomous systems," according to an interview with Bloomberg News published Tuesday. In plain English, that means the technology behind self-driving cars. Apple still won't say publicly if it intends to sell a car of its own, but Cook's remarks implied that the company is less interested in building a machine on wheels than developing the software or brains that could power one. "It's a core technology that we view as very important," Cook said. He likened the effort to "the mother of all AI projects," saying it's "probably one of the most difficult AI projects to work on." To see and interpret the world around them, self-driving cars require sophisticated computing and sensing systems. Artificial intelligence, or AI, can help make sense of that data. By analyzing thousands of hours of readings from test drives, companies such as Google and Ford hope that their machines will soon drive more safely and efficiently than humans can. This raises the possibility that, just as Apple and Google became the dominant companies in mobile operating systems with iOS and Android, the same will be true in the operating systems for self-driving cars. "Apple appears to be taking the same route as Waymo/Google, which is to focus on the technology of self-driving cars while leaving vehicle production to established automakers," said Karl Brauer, an analyst at Kelley Blue Book. "This puts Apple and Google in direct competition, again. Are we looking at a future with two major autonomous vehicle systems just as we currently have two major smartphone systems? The answer seems to be 'yes.'" The public got an early hint in April that Apple was interested in entering the self-driving car wars, when the company got permission from California regulators to test-drive a handful of modified Lexus SUVs on public roads. But it was less clear then just what aspect of self-driving technology Apple was pursuing. The company declined to comment for this story. Automotive analysts say that building lots of working cars, and quickly, can be a far more complex endeavor than building a smartphone or laptop. (Tesla's struggles with meeting production targets offer further evidence of how challenging auto manufacturing can be at scale.) Cars have a lot of moving parts. Large, established players in Detroit enjoy huge economies of scale that can make it harder for a new entrant to get started. And, some say, whereas Apple's success with the iPhone came at a time when most people didn't have cellphones, the market for cars is already saturated, raising questions about how much money Apple could really make by selling actual cars. All that could help explain why Apple, despite being one of the world's wealthiest companies, appears to be focusing more heavily — for now — on self-driving software. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Automotive Industry Apple Inc. Tim Cook Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 70°
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg News Weather National Video Contests Traffic TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local News Weather National Video Contests Traffic Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Canada June 13, 2017 2:12 pm N.B. student takes home prize in Google doodle contest for Canada 150 By Sean Previl Online Producer/Reporter  Global News ; Wesley Babin, 9, was one of the grade group winners in the Doodle 4 Google Canada competition. Shelley Steeves/Global News What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen A nine-year-old boy from Lower Coverdale, N.B. is bringing back some money for his school after being named a grade group winner for the Doodle 4 Google Canada contest. Wesley Babin, 9, was in Toronto on Tuesday as one of four finalists in the nationwide competition which featured entries from kindergarten to Grade 12. The submissions were divided up into four grade groups — kindergarten to Grade 3, Grade 4-6, Grade 7-9 and Grade 10-12 — and a winner was chosen from each group. Babin was told he was the winner of the Grade 4-6 group prior to Monday. Story continues below Students across the country were asked to redesign the Google logo for Canada’s 150th birthday with the theme centred on the question, “What I see for Canada’s future is…” READ MORE: N.B. student heading to Toronto in hopes Google doodle for Canada 150 wins contest During his trip to Toronto, Babin was able to appear on TV before visiting the Art Gallery of Ontario where the national winner was announced. Though he didn’t win the national prize, Babin still earned a $5,000 technology award for his school as well as a Google Chromebook for himself. “It’s really exciting,” said Babin in a phone interview when asked how he felt being a winner out of more than 11,000 students. Babin’s Google doodle was a 3D media sculpture inspired by technology made from bicycle gears and metal gadgets he found lying around the house. He also told Global News he even snagged a few trinkets from his father’s shop. He told Global News last month he wanted to become a mechanical engineer someday. His mother Denise said Tuesday that her son has been building things for a while. “Wesley’s been doing those types of little sculptures for the last two years now,” she said. “So this is not new to us as a family. He’s been doodling and creating little sculptures for years.” READ MORE: 9-year-old N.B. student’s Google doodle for Canada 150 catches eye of Google Canada It’s not yet known how the technology award will be spent, but because they have such a small school, Babin’s mother says they will consult the school population to decide where the money will go. Though the school knew Babin was a finalist, only the principal was able to know he was one of the grade group winners. Babin said when his friends found out he was a finalist, he got some mixed reactions. “Some of them didn’t care and some of them were really excited,” he said. Babin’s design, along with the other two grade group winners, will be featured in the Doodle 4 Google gallery online. © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Canada 150 Doodle 4 Google Doodle 4 Google Canada Doodle 4 Google Canada 2017 Engineering Google Canada Google Doodle New Brunswick Editor's Picks World Liberals not looking to make companies reveal supply chains to fight child labour Canada Opposition concerned Heritage Minister's chief of staff lobbied 6 times in 2017 by former employer Google Crime Hate crimes against Muslims in Canada increase 253% over four years Canada Religion increasingly seen as doing more harm than good in Canada: Ipsos poll Canada Ontario man says he was tortured, given hallucinogenic drugs at mental-health centre Politics ANALYSIS: James Comey vs. Donald Trump – a question of credibility Politics Donald Trump this week: James Comey testifies, Reality Winner, and a ‘TRAVEL BAN!’ Politics James Comey's testimony is over. What happens now? FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now Global view of United States plummets in wake of Trump presidency: Ipsos poll 5823 Dual Canadian citizens convicted of terrorism will no longer lose citizenship under new bill 5378 Calgary man charged in 'CanadaCreep' Twitter investigation released on conditions 2197 New York road sign marking 'Crooked Hill Road' altered to read 'Crooked Hillary' 1995 Derek Saretzky video confession played at triple-murder trial 1829 Sponsored content Popular Videos Sudbury woman, man charged after video allegedly depicts ‘animal cruelty’ on a dog WATCH NOW Mother alleges sexual assault at soccer program WATCH NOW ‘Bachelor In Paradise’ Scandal WATCH NOW Video captures B.C. black bear opening van door WATCH NOW Derek Saretzky triple-murder trial to begin Wednesday WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Youtube Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg News Weather National Video Contests Traffic TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local News Weather National Video Contests Traffic Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Canada June 13, 2017 2:03 pm Updated: June 13, 2017 2:59 pm Opposition concerned Heritage Minister’s chief of staff lobbied 6 times in 2017 by former employer Google By Sean Craig Global News ; Heritage Minister Melanie Joly responds to a question during question period in the House of Commons on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Wednesday, May 31, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Adrian Wyld What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Heritage Minister Mélanie Joly’s chief of staff has been lobbied by her former employer Google six times in 2017, which the Conservatives and NDP tell Global News raises concerns as her department plans to overhaul the laws which regulate the media industry in which the U.S.-based tech giant has emerged as one of the world’s most powerful companies. Story continues below Leslie Church joined Joly’s office following the 2015 federal election straight from Google Canada, where she served as director of communications for three years and seven months according to her LinkedIn page. (The sixth meeting in 2017 was to discuss “science and technology.” Church was lobbied once by Google in all of 2016.) At five of the lobbyist meetings Church has participated in with her former employer this year, the subject matter was broadcasting. Meanwhile, the government formally signalled in the March federal budget that it intends to “review and modernize the Broadcasting Act and Telecommunications Act,” after Joly repeatedly said last year that legislative changes were on the way. “We have said it many times, creative industries are going through a period of disruption brought on by the digital shift,” said Pierre-Olivier Herbert, a spokesperson for Joly, in a statement. “Minister Joly has met with all major digital platforms as part of our review of Canadian content in the digital age. Ms. Church’s expertise and broad knowledge of the digital landscape is essential in our assessment of how to best support the sector during this transition. She has been fully transparent about her former employment with Google Canada, including with the Conflict of Interest and Ethics Commissioner.” Church was tapped in 2015 in part for her knowledge of the changing digital landscape in the media and heritage industries. In multiple cases where Church was among those from the Minister’s office who met with Google lobbyists, she also participated in meetings with other major tech companies including Spotify, Twitter, Facebook and Snapchat on the same day. READ MORE: Heritage Minister’s nominee for Official Languages Commissioner withdraws after criticism for partisan ties However, Joly’s parliamentary critics say the active communication between her most senior staff member and her former employer, one of the media industry’s biggest private sector stakeholders, raises concerns. Under the Conflict of Interest Act, public office holders including minister’s staff are expected to abstain from making or participating in decisions that would place them in a conflict of interest. “One can wonder if Ms. Church is key to any decision making,” said Pierre Nantel, the NDP Heritage critic and MP for Longueuil-Saint-Hubert, in an interview. “What I can tell you is that everybody in the cultural industry is scratching their head.” “I understand that you have to meet with Google,” he added. “But what’s troubling to me is, of course, the fact that her chief of staff is from Google. This shows there is specific interest. And when you add up the way Ms. Joly is expressing herself — ‘protectionism is a thing of the past’ — with the way she is responding to various cultural industries in saying ‘we have to be ready to export’ it all amounts to some sort of favourable prejudice.” Joly spent much of 2016 conducting industry-wide consultations with media and cultural groups whose business models have taken a hit amid unprecedented economic disruption in the digital era, with many urging the government to consider monetary or tax supports for the industry. Google, however, has vigorously opposed proposed tax changes to Canada’s online advertising market and other mechanisms that could impact services offered by foreign-based tech companies. Joly has also stated a desire to move away from policies of protectionism in the media and broadcasting industries, and has earned praise for her candour in recognizing that many of the country’s key cultural policy tools are in need of significant upgrading. “Over the next year, the Government will outline a new approach to growing Canada’s creative sector — one that is focused on the future, and on bringing the best of Canada to the world, rather than a protectionist stance that restricts growth and limits opportunities,” reads the government’s 2017 budget document. Six meetings with Google lobbyists in 2017 where Heritage Minister Joly’s chief of staff was present. Office of the Commissioner of Lobbying of Canada “I hope that the minister would have asked her chief of staff to leave the meetings to avoid any perceived conflict of interest,” said Kevin Waugh, the Conservative deputy Heritage critic and MP for Saskatoon—Grasswood, in an interview. “And as a former employee, she should have recused herself. I’m also hoping she disposed of any and all stock options.” Google generally offers its employees restricted stocks that vest over the course of one’s employment as an incentive. According to the Office of the Ethics Commissioner, Church established one or more blind trusts in April 2016, where she placed a number of publicly traded securities under Conflict of Interest Act guidelines, though it is unclear if any of those were Google securities. The Heritage Ministry is not alone in its discussions with the Silicon Valley tech giant. According to the federal lobbyist registry, Google lobbyists have met with the government 34 times in the last 12 months, more than one of the country’s three major telecoms, Rogers, whose lobbyists had 24 meetings (lobbyists for Telus and BCE met with the government 56 and 47 times, respectively). What proposals the government brings forward in the next year could have a tremendous impact on the country’s newspapers, broadcasters, telecom providers and media companies which are competing in a growing digital advertising market against foreign competitors including Google, but watching their legacy income streams erode at a rapid pace. A survey last September by the Interactive Advertising Bureau of Canada forecasted that internet advertising revenues would grow to $5.5 billion in 2016, a 21 per cent growth over the previous year’s haul of $4.6 billion. However, an overwhelming share of that goes to Google and another Silicon Valley tech giant, Facebook. Data compiled by Carleton University’s Canadian Media Concentration Project showed that, in 2015, Google’s share of the Canadian digital ad market at was, at $2.3 billion, nearly 10 times that of the country’s entire daily newspaper industry. The same data showed that digital ad revenues for all Canadian newspapers and television programs were only about one-seventh of those generated by Google and Facebook. The digital ad duopoly of the two tech giants has led for some — including Paul Godfrey, the CEO of Canada’s largest newspaper chain Postmedia — to call for tax incentives to drive ad spending towards Canadian companies. Meanwhile, a report from the Public Policy Forum commissioned by the Heritage Ministry urged the government to create a $400-million fund to support Canadian publishers by putting a 10 per cent levy on digital ads placed with non-Canadian companies. Google, alongside several academics and public policy organizations, has argued that such proposals would be difficult to implement and could stifle innovation, or simply lead to the cost of new levies being passed on to consumers. © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Canada Canadian Politics Google heritage ministry media Melanie Joly politics Editor's Picks World Liberals not looking to make companies reveal supply chains to fight child labour Canada Opposition concerned Heritage Minister's chief of staff lobbied 6 times in 2017 by former employer Google Crime Hate crimes against Muslims in Canada increase 253% over four years Canada Religion increasingly seen as doing more harm than good in Canada: Ipsos poll Canada Ontario man says he was tortured, given hallucinogenic drugs at mental-health centre Politics ANALYSIS: James Comey vs. Donald Trump – a question of credibility Politics Donald Trump this week: James Comey testifies, Reality Winner, and a ‘TRAVEL BAN!’ Politics James Comey's testimony is over. What happens now? FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now Global view of United States plummets in wake of Trump presidency: Ipsos poll 5823 Dual Canadian citizens convicted of terrorism will no longer lose citizenship under new bill 5378 Calgary man charged in 'CanadaCreep' Twitter investigation released on conditions 2197 New York road sign marking 'Crooked Hill Road' altered to read 'Crooked Hillary' 1995 Derek Saretzky video confession played at triple-murder trial 1829 Sponsored content Popular Videos Sudbury woman, man charged after video allegedly depicts ‘animal cruelty’ on a dog WATCH NOW Mother alleges sexual assault at soccer program WATCH NOW ‘Bachelor In Paradise’ Scandal WATCH NOW Video captures B.C. black bear opening van door WATCH NOW Derek Saretzky triple-murder trial to begin Wednesday WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Youtube Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Big investors, unfazed by techs' roller coaster, buy 'FANG' stocks Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology Photos | Wed Jun 14, 2017 | 2:26am IST Big investors, unfazed by techs' roller coaster, buy 'FANG' stocks left right FILE PHOTO: The Apple logo is seen on a computer screen in an illustration photo taken in Bordeaux, France, February 1, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau/File Photo 1/2 left right FILE PHOTO: A zoomed illustration image of a man looking at a computer monitor showing the logo of Amazon is seen in Vienna, Austria, on November 26, 2012. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger/File Photo 2/2 By David Randall | NEW YORK NEW YORK Large investors, whose high exposure to large-cap technology stocks boosted their returns during the first quarter of the year, are doubling down on their investments even as stocks like Apple Inc (AAPL.O) and Facebook Inc (FB.O) stumble. Fund managers such as T Rowe Price and Federated Investors, who were already overweight the sector, said they were buying beaten-down so-called 'FANG' stocks – Facebook, Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), Netflix Inc (NFLX.O) and Google-parent Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O) - during a two-day selloff that marked the largest tech sector decline in nearly a year. Google, Apple and other large tech stocks rose modestly in morning trading Tuesday. Jeff Rottinghaus, portfolio manager of the T Rowe Price Large-Cap Core Equity fund (PAULX.O), said he has been adding money to existing tech holdings such as Facebook and Amazon because they are positioned to continue to grow over the next few years regardless of the direction of the overall economy. With other secular growth stories hard to find, "It's getting to the point where you have to say, 'What else do you want me to own?'" he said, adding that these companies continue to be up significantly year-to-date despite recent declines. Analysts expect the S&P 500 technology index .SPLRCT to grow its earnings by 12.4 percent this year, better than the S&P 500's 11.6-percent expected growth, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. About 40 percent of the stocks in the S&P 500 information technology index rose on Monday, including Qualcomm Inc (QCOM.O) and International Business Machines Corp (IBM.N), which have lagged in 2017. "This tech selloff is a great buying opportunity," said Navellier & Associates Chairman Louis Navellier, who bought shares of Micron Technology Inc (MU.O), Applied Materials Inc (AMAT.O), Arista Networks Inc (ANET.N) and STMicroelectronics NV (STM.PA). In the 8-year-old bull market, investors have consistently been 'buying the dips,' taking advantage of brief pullbacks in prices, so large-cap stocks have not seen a 10-percent correction in well over a year. Although stocks are expensive by historical measures, bullish investors say they are justified by growth in earnings and the U.S. economy, while historically low bond yields are also making stocks more appealing. COMEBACK OF THE 'TRUMP TRADE?' The stumble in tech comes a time when both mutual funds and hedge funds have taken outsized bets on the sector, helping push Facebook, Amazon, Apple and Microsoft to add a total $600 billion in market cap year-to-date. Tech stocks in the S&P 500 rallied 21 percent for the year through June 2nd, with the largest companies accounting for 46 percent of the S&P 500's 9-percent gain, according to Goldman Sachs. That rally sent some tech-heavy tech funds soaring. In May, Light Street Capital Management's $1.2-billion Halogen fund was up 11 percent and is up 42.6 percent this year through the end of May. The head of the fund, Glen Kacher, started his career at Tiger Management, Julian Robertson's famous fund. Yet concerns that fund managers had piled into the same stocks and stretched their valuations helped prompt a selloff that began Friday and continued through Monday, sapping 5 percent or more from companies such as Apple. Momentum-based technology stocks have "built a valuation air pocket underneath [them] creating cause for pause," Goldman Sachs wrote in a note Friday. Steve Chiavarone, a portfolio manager at Federated Investors in New York, said he saw the tech selloff as a sign that investors were feeling more confident that the Trump administration could pass infrastructure or tax legislation later this year. Last week's testimony by former FBI chief James Comey did not contain the sort of bombshell that investors had feared, Chiavarone said, prompting fund managers to rotate out of tech into sectors that have lagged. "It allowed folks to believe once again that Congress isn't going to be bogged down in a massive impeachment effort and could get some policy work done," he said, which would benefit energy and financial stocks that initially rallied following Trump's unexpected victory but lost their gains following Inauguration Day. (Additional reporting by Noel Randewich and Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Jennifer Ablan, Megan Davies and Nick Zieminski) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Technology Photos Not yet Amazon Prime time: Australia retail sell-off overblown? SYDNEY/SAN FRANCISCO Since Amazon.com Inc said in late April it would bring its Marketplace for third-party sellers to Australia, shares of leading bricks-and-mortar retailers have tumbled on fears their growth prospects would be hit. Chinese start-up Mobike gains $600 million in biggest financing round to date BEIJING Chinese bike-sharing start-up Mobike said it has raised $600 million in a financing round led by Tencent Holdings Ltd, its biggest financing round to date as it seeks to expand aggressively. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick India's GST launch spawns tech cottage industry for compliance Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Number Cruncher Strategy Lab Carrick Talks Money Research Reports Home» Globe Investor» Investment Ideas Traders Fred Demarco, left, and Tommy Kalikas confer on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, June 13. (Richard Drew/AP) Traders Fred Demarco, left, and Tommy Kalikas confer on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, June 13. (Richard Drew/AP) EQUITIES Big investors, unfazed by techs’ roller coaster, buy ‘FANG’ stocks Add to ... David Randall NEW YORK — Reuters Published Tuesday, Jun. 13, 2017 1:19PM EDT Last updated Tuesday, Jun. 13, 2017 6:30PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Large investors, whose high exposure to large-cap technology stocks boosted their returns during the first quarter of the year, are doubling down on their investments even as stocks like Apple Inc and Facebook Inc stumble. Fund managers such as T Rowe Price and Federated Investors, who were already overweight the sector, said they were buying beaten-down so-called ‘FANG’ stocks – Facebook, Amazon.com Inc , Netflix Inc and Google-parent Alphabet Inc - during a two-day selloff that marked the largest tech sector decline in nearly a year. Google, Apple and other large tech stocks rose modestly in morning trading Tuesday. Jeff Rottinghaus, portfolio manager of the T Rowe Price Large-Cap Core Equity fund, said he has been adding money to existing tech holdings such as Facebook and Amazon because they are positioned to continue to grow over the next few years regardless of the direction of the overall economy. With other secular growth stories hard to find, “It’s getting to the point where you have to say, ‘What else do you want me to own?’” he said, adding that these companies continue to be up significantly year-to-date despite recent declines. Analysts expect the S&P 500 technology index to grow its earnings by 12.4 per cent this year, better than the S&P 500’s 11.6-per-cent expected growth, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. About 40 per cent of the stocks in the S&P 500 information technology index rose on Monday, including Qualcomm Inc and International Business Machines Corp, which have lagged in 2017. “This tech selloff is a great buying opportunity,” said Navellier & Associates Chairman Louis Navellier, who bought shares of Micron Technology Inc, Applied Materials Inc , Arista Networks Inc and STMicroelectronics NV . In the 8-year-old bull market, investors have consistently been ‘buying the dips,’ taking advantage of brief pullbacks in prices, so large-cap stocks have not seen a 10-per-cent correction in well over a year. Although stocks are expensive by historical measures, bullish investors say they are justified by growth in earnings and the U.S. economy, while historically low bond yields are also making stocks more appealing. COMEBACK OF THE ‘TRUMP TRADE?’ The stumble in tech comes a time when both mutual funds and hedge funds have taken outsized bets on the sector, helping push Facebook, Amazon, Apple and Microsoft to add a total $600 billion in market cap year-to-date. Tech stocks in the S&P 500 rallied 21 per cent for the year through June 2nd, with the largest companies accounting for 46 per cent of the S&P 500’s 9-per-cent gain, according to Goldman Sachs. That rally sent some tech-heavy tech funds soaring. In May, Light Street Capital Management’s $1.2-billion Halogen fund was up 11 per cent and is up 42.6 per cent this year through the end of May. The head of the fund, Glen Kacher, started his career at Tiger Management, Julian Robertson’s famous fund. Yet concerns that fund managers had piled into the same stocks and stretched their valuations helped prompt a selloff that began Friday and continued through Monday, sapping 5 percent or more from companies such as Apple. Momentum-based technology stocks have “built a valuation air pocket underneath creating cause for pause,” Goldman Sachs wrote in a note Friday. Steve Chiavarone, a portfolio manager at Federated Investors in New York, said he saw the tech selloff as a sign that investors were feeling more confident that the Trump administration could pass infrastructure or tax legislation later this year. Last week’s testimony by former FBI chief James Comey did not contain the sort of bombshell that investors had feared, Mr. Chiavarone said, prompting fund managers to rotate out of tech into sectors that have lagged. “It allowed folks to believe once again that Congress isn’t going to be bogged down in a massive impeachment effort and could get some policy work done,” he said, which would benefit energy and financial stocks that initially rallied following Trump’s unexpected victory but lost their gains following Inauguration Day. Report Typo/Error   GOOG-QAlphabet Inc Latest Price$942.31 0.00 (0.00%) AAPL-QApple Inc Latest Price$144.29 0.00 (0.00%) AMAT-QApplied Materials Inc Latest Price$43.16 0.00 (0.00%) MU-QMicron Technology Inc Latest Price$30.56 0.00 (0.00%) IBM-NInternational Business Machines Corp Latest Price$154.22 0.00 (0.00%) QCOM-QQualcomm Inc Latest Price$56.93 0.00 (0.00%) NFLX-QNetflix Inc Latest Price$151.76 0.00 (0.00%) AMZN-QAmazon.com Inc Latest Price$964.17 0.00 (0.00%) FII-NFederated Investors Inc Latest Price$27.61 0.00 (0.00%) Updated June 15 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story DAVID BERMAN Too high, too fast? Why big tech is slumping Don’t fear FAANGs: Funds aren’t investing like it’s 1999 Active managers go all-in on tech giants as returns soar Topics Technology Netflix Inc. Apple Inc. S&P Company The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Applied Materials Inc. Amazon.com, Inc. Federated Investors Inc. Micron Technology Inc. Qualcomm Inc. Facebook, Inc. Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: The unforgivable money mistake Canadians make Report on Business New Ikea Canada boss from U.K. adjusting to homes with basements News Witness describes seeing people jump from the London apartment fire Life A mother battles leukemia knowing the odds of finding a donor are slim News Death toll from London fire rises to 17 News Erendira Wallenda dangles by her teeth over Niagara Falls News Cubans brace for Trump's rollback of Obama-era policies News U.S. Congressmen take the diamond one day after baseball field attack News Endangered slow lorises saved from traffickers, returned to wild News Congressman Scalise in critical condition after shooting News Video: On Toronto Islands, flooding is becoming a part of life Report on Business Uber director resigns following comment about women ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Report details recommendations for sustainable funding of Canadian media Arts Cars 3 shows that in Hollywood, boys never outgrow their toys Most popular China's quantum breakthrough a step forward in space race to end hacking June 16: Your daily horoscope Trump is reportedly under investigation. Does that signal his end? Not so fast Pence hires outside counsel to deal with Russia probe inquiries BC Liberals warn minority legislature instability could lead to another election X connect with us Subscribe The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.

Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Big investors, unfazed by techs' roller coaster, buy 'FANG' stocks Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Big investors, unfazed by techs' roller coaster, buy 'FANG' stocks close breaking news Advertisement Business Big investors, unfazed by techs' roller coaster, buy 'FANG' stocks Large investors, whose high exposure to large-cap technology stocks boosted their returns during the first quarter of the year, are doubling down on their investments even as stocks like Apple Inc and Facebook Inc stumble. FILE PHOTO: The Apple logo is seen on a computer screen in an illustration photo taken in Bordeaux, France, February 1, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau/File Photo 2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery. 14 Jun 2017 01:30AM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail NEW YORK: Large investors, whose high exposure to large-cap technology stocks boosted their returns during the first quarter of the year, are doubling down on their investments even as stocks like Apple Inc and Facebook Inc stumble. Fund managers such as T Rowe Price and Federated Investors, who were already overweight the sector, said they were buying beaten-down so-called 'FANG' stocks – Facebook, Amazon.com Inc, Netflix Inc and Google-parent Alphabet Inc - during a two-day selloff that marked the largest tech sector decline in nearly a year. Google, Apple and other large tech stocks rose modestly in morning trading Tuesday. Jeff Rottinghaus, portfolio manager of the T Rowe Price Large-Cap Core Equity fund, said he has been adding money to existing tech holdings such as Facebook and Amazon because they are positioned to continue to grow over the next few years regardless of the direction of the overall economy. With other secular growth stories hard to find, "It's getting to the point where you have to say, 'What else do you want me to own?'" he said, adding that these companies continue to be up significantly year-to-date despite recent declines. Advertisement Advertisement Analysts expect the S&P 500 technology index to grow its earnings by 12.4 percent this year, better than the S&P 500's 11.6-percent expected growth, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. About 40 percent of the stocks in the S&P 500 information technology index rose on Monday, including Qualcomm Inc and International Business Machines Corp, which have lagged in 2017. "This tech selloff is a great buying opportunity," said Navellier & Associates Chairman Louis Navellier, who bought shares of Micron Technology Inc, Applied Materials Inc, Arista Networks Inc and STMicroelectronics NV. In the 8-year-old bull market, investors have consistently been 'buying the dips,' taking advantage of brief pullbacks in prices, so large-cap stocks have not seen a 10-percent correction in well over a year. Although stocks are expensive by historical measures, bullish investors say they are justified by growth in earnings and the U.S. economy, while historically low bond yields are also making stocks more appealing. COMEBACK OF THE 'TRUMP TRADE?' The stumble in tech comes a time when both mutual funds and hedge funds have taken outsized bets on the sector, helping push Facebook, Amazon, Apple and Microsoft to add a total US$600 billion in market cap year-to-date. Tech stocks in the S&P 500 rallied 21 percent for the year through June 2nd, with the largest companies accounting for 46 percent of the S&P 500's 9-percent gain, according to Goldman Sachs. sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget That rally sent some tech-heavy tech funds soaring. In May, Light Street Capital Management's US$1.2-billion Halogen fund was up 11 percent and is up 42.6 percent this year through the end of May. The head of the fund, Glen Kacher, started his career at Tiger Management, Julian Robertson's famous fund. Yet concerns that fund managers had piled into the same stocks and stretched their valuations helped prompt a selloff that began Friday and continued through Monday, sapping 5 percent or more from companies such as Apple. Momentum-based technology stocks have "built a valuation air pocket underneath creating cause for pause," Goldman Sachs wrote in a note Friday. Steve Chiavarone, a portfolio manager at Federated Investors in New York, said he saw the tech selloff as a sign that investors were feeling more confident that the Trump administration could pass infrastructure or tax legislation later this year. Last week's testimony by former FBI chief James Comey did not contain the sort of bombshell that investors had feared, Chiavarone said, prompting fund managers to rotate out of tech into sectors that have lagged. "It allowed folks to believe once again that Congress isn't going to be bogged down in a massive impeachment effort and could get some policy work done," he said, which would benefit energy and financial stocks that initially rallied following Trump's unexpected victory but lost their gains following Inauguration Day. (Additional reporting by Noel Randewich and Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Jennifer Ablan, Megan Davies and Nick Zieminski) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Gear & Gadgets — Play Store downloads show Google Pixel sales limited to 1 million units For this rare moment in history, the Play Store reveals Pixel sales numbers. Ron Amadeo - Jun 13, 2017 5:51 pm UTC Enlarge / The Google Pixel XL. Ron Amadeo reader comments 133 Share this story The Google Pixel, Google's first totally self-branded phone, launched about eight months ago. Google declared itself a smartphone OEM and jumped into the world of manufacturing, but while the company's software and optimizations have made the phone a critical success, how have the sales numbers been? Further ReadingGoogle Pixel review: The best Android phone, even if it is a little priceyUnlike just about every hardware manufacturer on Earth, Google doesn't share official sales numbers for the Pixel phones, choosing to bundle the income under Alphabet's "Other Revenues" during earnings reports. We do have one very solid signal for Pixel sales, though: the Play Store, which shows install numbers for apps. If there was an app that was exclusive and install-by-default on the Pixel phones, like say, the Pixel Launcher, the install number would basically be the number of sold activated phones. This calculation is complicated by the fact that Google Play doesn't show exact install numbers; it shows installs in "tiers" like "100,000-500,000." So most of the time, we won't have an exact Pixel sales number—except when the Pixel Launcher crosses from one download tier to another. So guess what just happened? The Pixel Launcher just crossed into the "1,000,000-5,000,000" install tier (you can see some third-party tracking sites, like AppBrain, still have it listed at 500,000). So for this one moment in history, eight months after launch, we can say Google finally sold a million Pixel phones. The Play Store device targeting ensures no one other than Pixel owners can download the Pixel Launcher, and the install count doesn't include sideloading. The most popular sideloading site, APKMirror, has more than 1.3 million downloads on just a single version of the Pixel Launcher, so we know that sideloaders actually outnumber legitimate Pixel Launcher users. There are some statistically insignificant root shenanigans you could pull to download the Pixel Launcher from the Play Store on a non-Pixel device, but there is no way the number of sold Pixels is higher than 1 million units at this point in time. The Pixel is seen as Google's answer to the iPhone, but considering Apple sells 40 to 50 million iPhones in a quarter, Google has some catching up to do. We've reached out to Google for a comment and will update this piece if we get a response. Update: Here's a few more tidbits on how this correlates to actual users. Pre-installed apps do count in Google Play's install numbers, otherwise you'd never get apps like Google Talkback, a niche accessibility service, over the billion install mark. They only count once per account, regardless of how many times you update or wipe the phone. The Play Store version of the Pixel launcher also doesn't work with the Pixel C. Ron Amadeo Ron is the Reviews Editor at Ars Technica, where he specializes in Android OS and Google products. He is always on the hunt for a new gadget and loves to rip things apart to see how they work. Email ron.amadeo@arstechnica.com // Twitter @RonAmadeo reader comments 133 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 54-67 We set you thinking Friday 16 June 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business BOJ holds policy steady, upgrades view on consumption, global growth 1497596400 China&India China kindergarten blast was bomb, suspect killed: official 1497595560 Singapore Stamford Law, Lee Suet Fern had no role in drafting any of Mr Lee’s Last Will: Lee Hsian Yang 1497594900 World 'Happy Mrs Jung-sook' begins work as S.Korea's first lady among equals 1497595602 Business BHP names packaging guru MacKenzie as new chairman 1497595533 Business U.S. acts to seize stolen assets, Picasso in probe of Malaysian fund 1497594872 World Lawyers for Kim Jong-nam murder suspects given key documents 1497595028 Singapore Man jailed 4 years for forging ex-wife's cheques, stealing her branded handbags 1497591180 World At least 65 people missing or feared dead in London fire: The Sun 1497593728 Business Asia stocks steady after U.S. tech rout, yen slips as BOJ stands pat 1497593337 World Exclusive: U.S. nears decisions on resettlement of Australian-held refugees 1497592648 World Chinese conglomerate HNA sues exiled tycoon Guo 1497591985 Singapore Arrested: Teenager who allegedly hurled ofo bike down from flat 1497591000 Singapore Free MRT rides at Tuas West Extension Open House on Friday 1497586260 World Trump to clamp down on Cuba travel, trade, curbing Obama's detente 1497589592 Business Malaysia's 1MDB says it was not contacted in connection with U.S. lawsuit 1497589117 Singapore Foreign worker charged with molest 1497588300 Singapore Couple charged for insulting, shoving elderly man in Toa Payoh hawker centre 1497495900 Singapore Here's another sign Singapore's housing market is recovering 1497576540 World Angry Trump decries being target of Russian probe 1497572520 China&India China probes kindergarten blast after eight killed 1497577020 Singapore Dispute between brothers surfaced at reading of Mr Lee’s Last Will 1497565680 Singapore PM Lee raises 'serious questions' about LKY's last will; Hsien Yang, Dr Lee hit back 1497545040 Singapore PM wanted to avoid ‘public fight that would tarnish family name’ 1497556920 Business Singapore exports shrink in May in second straight month 1497574620 Singapore Foreign companies’ application to support Pink Dot rejected 1497556920 Entertainment US moves to seize DiCaprio’s Picasso, ‘stolen’ funds in 1MDB case 1497578820 World Four killed in attack on mosque in Kabul 1497556092 Entertainment Britney Spears’ concert organisers add ‘slightly more affordable’ tickets, stage catwalk 1497528720 Lifestyle Beat the heat 1497556920 China&India As Trump bets on China’s help on North Korea, aides ask: Is it worth it? 1497585420 World U.S. military has made no decision on new Afghanistan troop levels: spokesman 1497585770 World Jihadist arrests in Europe nearly double in two years: Europol 1497585060 World At least eight killed in Chinese kindergarten blast; 65 injured 1497575627 Business BHP's new chairman built reputation on Amcor turnaround 1497584014 World Trump to limit Cuba travel, restrict business deals with military: U.S. officials 1497574892 World Putin talks grandchildren, offers Comey asylum in phone-in 1497581160 World US student suffered ‘extensive’ brain damage in North Korea 1497581819 Business Even before Anbang chairman detained, some banks halted its products 1497533640 Voices Exits, re-entries at separate stations counted as different trips 1497556920 World Australia introduces illegal gun amnesty after Islamist-inspired attacks 1497579719 World U.S. accuses Chinese company of money-laundering for North Korea 1497578499 World On buses and trains, Venezuela opposition leaders protest Maduro 1497577229 World In Philippines battle, troops pinned down by sniper fire, Molotov cocktails 1497576487 Business Elliott says supports BHP's selection of MacKenzie as next chair 1497576155 Business BP's Dudley seen reigning for years to restore major's might 1497575459 Business Air bag maker Takata to file for bankruptcy this month: sources 1497574953 Singapore ofo considering legal action over bicycle abuse video 1497516660 Voices Would we know what to do when a fire breaks out? 1497556920 World Hoax donation shocker for family bullied-to-death teen in Malaysia 1497573419 Business Big investors, unfazed by techs' roller coaster, buy 'FANG' stocks FILE PHOTO: The Apple logo is seen on a computer screen in an illustration photo taken in Bordeaux, France. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 1:30 AM, June 14, 2017 Updated: 5:00 AM, June 14, 2017 NEW YORK - Large investors, whose high exposure to large-cap technology stocks boosted their returns during the first quarter of the year, are doubling down on their investments even as stocks like Apple Inc <AAPL.O> and Facebook Inc <FB.O> stumble. Fund managers such as T Rowe Price and Federated Investors, who were already overweight the sector, said they were buying beaten-down so-called 'FANG' stocks – Facebook, Amazon.com Inc <AMZN.O>, Netflix Inc <NFLX.O> and Google-parent Alphabet Inc <GOOGL.O> - during a two-day selloff that marked the largest tech sector decline in nearly a year. Google, Apple and other large tech stocks rose modestly in morning trading Tuesday. Jeff Rottinghaus, portfolio manager of the T Rowe Price Large-Cap Core Equity fund <PAULX.O>, said he has been adding money to existing tech holdings such as Facebook and Amazon because they are positioned to continue to grow over the next few years regardless of the direction of the overall economy. With other secular growth stories hard to find, "It's getting to the point where you have to say, 'What else do you want me to own?'" he said, adding that these companies continue to be up significantly year-to-date despite recent declines. Analysts expect the S&P 500 technology index <.SPLRCT> to grow its earnings by 12.4 percent this year, better than the S&P 500's 11.6-percent expected growth, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. About 40 percent of the stocks in the S&P 500 information technology index rose on Monday, including Qualcomm Inc <QCOM.O> and International Business Machines Corp <IBM.N>, which have lagged in 2017. "This tech selloff is a great buying opportunity," said Navellier & Associates Chairman Louis Navellier, who bought shares of Micron Technology Inc <MU.O>, Applied Materials Inc <AMAT.O>, Arista Networks Inc <ANET.N> and STMicroelectronics NV <STM.PA>. In the 8-year-old bull market, investors have consistently been 'buying the dips,' taking advantage of brief pullbacks in prices, so large-cap stocks have not seen a 10-percent correction in well over a year. Although stocks are expensive by historical measures, bullish investors say they are justified by growth in earnings and the U.S. economy, while historically low bond yields are also making stocks more appealing. COMEBACK OF THE 'TRUMP TRADE?' The stumble in tech comes a time when both mutual funds and hedge funds have taken outsized bets on the sector, helping push Facebook, Amazon, Apple and Microsoft to add a total $600 billion in market cap year-to-date. Tech stocks in the S&P 500 rallied 21 percent for the year through June 2nd, with the largest companies accounting for 46 percent of the S&P 500's 9-percent gain, according to Goldman Sachs. That rally sent some tech-heavy tech funds soaring. In May, Light Street Capital Management's $1.2-billion Halogen fund was up 11 percent and is up 42.6 percent this year through the end of May. The head of the fund, Glen Kacher, started his career at Tiger Management, Julian Robertson's famous fund. Yet concerns that fund managers had piled into the same stocks and stretched their valuations helped prompt a selloff that began Friday and continued through Monday, sapping 5 percent or more from companies such as Apple. Momentum-based technology stocks have "built a valuation air pocket underneath [them] creating cause for pause," Goldman Sachs wrote in a note Friday. Steve Chiavarone, a portfolio manager at Federated Investors in New York, said he saw the tech selloff as a sign that investors were feeling more confident that the Trump administration could pass infrastructure or tax legislation later this year. Last week's testimony by former FBI chief James Comey did not contain the sort of bombshell that investors had feared, Chiavarone said, prompting fund managers to rotate out of tech into sectors that have lagged. "It allowed folks to believe once again that Congress isn't going to be bogged down in a massive impeachment effort and could get some policy work done," he said, which would benefit energy and financial stocks that initially rallied following Trump's unexpected victory but lost their gains following Inauguration Day. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble Yahoo shareholders approve sale of core business to Verizon WTO largely backs Boeing in trade row, faults tax break Wilbur Ross sees 'genuine' national security concern on steel Wilbur Ross seen imposing Mexico sugar deal over industry objections Western Digital to raise Toshiba chip offer in last-ditch bid: source Western Digital seeks court injunction to block sale of Toshiba chip unit Wells Fargo employees paid for first time using new pay scheme Warren Buffett to encourage investing in Israel bonds Wall Street technology share selloff leaves Apple bruised Wall St. dips after Fed rate hike; tech slumps again Inside Today World 'Happy Mrs Jung-sook' begins work as S.Korea's first lady among equals Lawyers for Kim Jong-nam murder suspects given key documents At least 65 people missing or feared dead in London fire: The Sun Exclusive: U.S. nears decisions on resettlement of Australian-held refugees Chinese conglomerate HNA sues exiled tycoon Guo Business BHP names packaging guru MacKenzie as new chairman U.S. acts to seize stolen assets, Picasso in probe of Malaysian fund Asia stocks steady after U.S. tech rout, yen slips as BOJ stands pat Malaysia's 1MDB says it was not contacted in connection with U.S. lawsuit BHP's new chairman built reputation on Amcor turnaround Sports Sprint queen Pereira runs into relay hurdle with S’pore Athletics UFC Fight Night set for an annual date in Singapore McGregor v Mayweather is just what MMA needs: UFC fighters UFC fighter Masvidal provides words of wisdom and inspiration to Boys' Home residents Japan limbers up with monkey bars, radio drills Entertainment US moves to seize DiCaprio’s Picasso, ‘stolen’ funds in 1MDB case Singer Adele joins vigil for victims of London tower block inferno Britney Spears’ concert organisers add ‘slightly more affordable’ tickets, stage catwalk Tokyo Ghoul, based on bestselling manga, set for world premiere in Los Angeles Review: Despicable Me 3 or Predictable Me 3? About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Tech Search Search WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: June 15 TakataFacing Billions in Liabilities for Air Bag Defects, Takata ‘Prepares to Declare Bankruptcy’ aviationAn American Airlines Passenger Says a Runaway Beverage Cart Caused His Brain Injury Foreign PolicyTrump’s New Cuba Policy Is Expected to Partly Rollback Travel and Business Links Relaxed under Obama Fortune 500 Google Poaches Apple Chip Guru Barb Darrow Jun 13, 2017 An engineer who helped lead Apple's charge to design its own chips for iPads and iPhones is now at Google. Manu Gulati announced his move on his LinkedIn page early Tuesday, raising the possibility again that Google (goog) plans to design its own chips for its Pixel phones. Gulati, whose move was first spotted by Variety, is now Google's lead architect for SoC, short for system-on-a-chip. It is a tech term for a chip that bundles both processing power and memory—basically all the components needed for most devices—into one package. Related: Google Pixel and iPhone —Which is Better? The hire sparks talk that Google (goog) start using chips of its own design in its Pixel smart phones. Currently those phones incorporate Qualcomm chips. Two years ago, tech news site The Information reported that Google was talking to semiconductor fabricators about building microprocessors based on its own in-house designs. Related: Apple Just Poached Top Talent from Qualcomm Google's new hire could help the company differentiate Pixel from the many other smartphones by other vendors that run Android on Qualcomm (qcom) chips. And Gulati's exit is seen as a set back for Apple (aapl), which has filed a number of chip-related patents that credit Gulati as an inventor, according to Variety. Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter. Google's Pixel competes with Android devices from various manufacturers but, perhaps more importantly to Google, Apple's huge iPhone franchise. For Google, picking up a top talent from Apple is an important win. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Trending Galaxy S8 Android O Pixel XL LG G6 Nougat updates Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google Voice Kit review Features News Reviewsby Gary Sims3 days ago 3 162 16 Google recently launched its Assistant API for the Raspberry Pi, and a couple of weeks ago I wrote about how to build your own digital assistant with a Raspberry Pi. My instructions were based in part on the “Voice Kit”, a hardware and software solution which demonstrates how to get a natural language recognizer up and running with a Raspberry Pi and the Google Assistant. The Voice Kit was given away for free with the May 2017 edition of MagPi, the official Raspberry Pi magazine, but it was sold out in hours. At the time I wasn’t able to get hold of a Voice Kit, but I used it as the basis for my own digital assistant. After I published the instructions Google contacted me and kindly offered to send me a Voice Kit! So here is my review of the Google Voice Kit. What you need To build your own digital assistant you will need: A Google Voice Kit A Raspberry Pi 3 (plus a microSD card, a mouse, and a keyboard etc) Wi-Fi A small headed screwdriver (for connecting the speaker to the terminal) Some scotch tape to stick the microphone board to the box The hardware The Voice Kit is a combination of hardware and software for the Raspberry Pi. The hardware part consists of a special audio board called the Voice HAT which connects to a supplied speaker as well as a microphone board. There are some classic hardware bits and pieces like an arcade button, a micro-switch, a lamp, and a bunch of connectors. The Voice Kit comes with a cardboard frame and box, in a similar style to the DIY Google cardboard VR headset. The first step is to assemble all the pieces, connect up the various boards, and fold the cardboard pieces to make the box. Full assembly instructions can be found over at the AIY project website. Having done it myself, I would say the trickiest part is putting together the arcade button, the lamp, and the micro-switch. But if you study the photos carefully you will succeed! The software The next thing to do is download the Voice Kit microSD card image for the Raspberry Pi. You can download it directly from Google’s AIY Project site. Once the .img.xz file has been downloaded you need to write it to the microSD card using a card writing utility. The Etcher.io tool is a good choice for this as it is available for Windows, macOS, and Linux. You don’t need to uncompress the image file. Etcher will take care of that for you. Insert the microSD card into your Pi, connect it to a TV/monitor and hook up a mouse and keyboard. After booting you will see the standard Pixel desktop, however the background has been changed to feature the AIY Projects logo. There are a number of tasks that now need doing: Click on the Raspberry symbol at the top left of the display. Move to Preferences and then click on Raspberry Pi Configuration. In the program go to “Interfaces” and enable SSH. Press OK. Click on the Wi-Fi symbol at the top right of the display (near the clock) and then click on your Wi-Fi network. Enter the passphrase as appropriate. If you want to set a fixed IP address then right-click on the same Wi-Fi symbol and click on Wireless & Wired Network Settings. In the program pick your network card (wlan0 for the wireless interface) from the drop down menu and then fill in the desired IP address and router etc. Now it is time to run Google’s test scripts to make sure that everything is working. On the desktop there are three files for checking your configuration, double click on “Check audio” and follow the on screen prompts. If you can hear the sound being played and you are able to record your voice then you have the audio working. Don’t bother with the Check Cloud script as it doesn’t work as expected, however you should verify that your Pi has Internet connectivity using the Check WiFi script. The cloud In order for the Google Assistant to work your Pi needs to be configured to work with Google’s cloud services. Full details of how you do this can be found on the Voice Kit website, but here is a quick summary: On the Raspberry Pi, open up an internet browser and go to the Cloud Console. Create a new project. In the Cloud Console, enable the “Google Assistant API”. In the Cloud Console, create an OAuth 2.0 client by going to API Manager > Credentials Click Create credentials and select OAuth client ID. Note that if this is your first time creating a client ID, you’ll need to configure your consent screen by clicking Configure consent screen. You’ll need to name your app (this name will appear in the authorization step). In the Credentials list, find your new credentials and click the download icon on the right. Find the JSON file you just downloaded (client_secrets_XXXX.json) and rename it to assistant.json. Then move it to /home/pi/assistant.json In the dev terminal type: systemctl stop voice-recognizer Go to the Activity Controls panel and switch on the following: Web and app activity, Location history, Device information, Voice and audio activity. Test it You should now have everything you need to run Google Assistant on your Raspberry Pi. All you need to do is run the following command from the dev terminal: src/main.py Note: The first time you run main.py a web browser will open and you will need to login to Google to give permission for the Raspberry Pi to access the Google Assistant API. Press the arcade button (and let go, there is no need to hold it) and say something to Google. Try: Who is the prime minister of the United Kingdom? What year was Richard the 3rd born? How many passengers where there on the Mayflower? Automatic startup It is also possible to configure the Voice Kit to run the recognition service automatically. This means that the Voice Kit can be disconnected from the monitor, mouse, and keyboard and left to act as a standalone unit with just a power connection. To start the voice recognition service type: sudo systemctl start voice-recognizer You can stop the service by entering: sudo systemctl stop voice-recognizer To make the service start automatically on boot, then run: sudo systemctl enable voice-recognizer Clapping The Voice Kit has been built in such a way that the trigger mechanism can be changed. The source code for the trigger mechanisms is found in ~/voice-recognizer-raspi/src/triggers/*.py and you can add your own modules. As an alternative Google has provided a way to activate the assistant using a clap of the hands rather than by pressing the button. To change the activation trigger manually you need to start the application with the -T flag. As another example: python3 src/main.py -T clap Wrap-up Once you have the basic Raspberry Pi based Google Assistant running then the next step is to customize it yourself. Google has lots of documentation about how you can extend the assistant using Google’s cloud services. There is even an example where you can you turn on and off an LED using your own custom voice commands. Overall the Voice Kit is a great tool for hobbyists and professional developers alike. For the former it is a great way experiment with Google’s Cloud services, with Python and with the Raspberry Pi. For the latter it is a fast way to develop product prototypes based on Google’s services. If you build anything cool with the Voice Kit please let us know in the comments below! Features News Reviews Google Assistant, Raspberry Pi, AI, Raspberry Pi 3 AI, Google Assistant, Raspberry Pi, Raspberry Pi 3 Gary Sims Gary has been a tech writer for over a decade and specializes in open source systems. He has a Bachelor's degree in Business Information Systems. He has many years of experience in system design and development as well as system administration, system security and networking protocols. He also knows several programming languages, as he was previously a software engineer for 10 years. Show 3 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus International Giveaway! 5 days ago40 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content Menu Order New iPad Pro | New iMac | New MacBook Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 8 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 7 iPad iOS 11 iOS 10 Apple Watch Series 2 Apple Watch MacBook Pro Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search questions that need answers Should you wait for Apple HomePod or buy a Google Home or Echo today? By Mikah Sargent Tuesday, Jun 13, 2017 at 12:30 pm EDT 1 Comment Mikah Sargent is Senior Editor at Mobile Nations. When he's not bothering his chihuahuas, Mikah spends entirely too much time and money on HomeKit products. You can follow him on Twitter at @mikahsargent if you're so inclined. Should you wait for Apple's HomePod or spring for a smart speaker now? 🤔 Apple revealed its long-rumored, Wi-Fi-connected smart speaker at WWDC this year. The company is positioning the HomePod as the quintessential in-home listening device. It also comes with Siri — use the wake phrase, "Hey, Siri," and it can do anything Siri can do! HomePod FAQ: Everything you need to know! You can control your HomeKit-enabled accessories (even when you're away from home, since the device acts as a HomeKit Home Hub), listen to music and other content with the device's excellent speakers, set timers and reminders, check your calendar, send messages, and more. It's a bit like Amazon's Echo devices, a bit like Google Home, and a bit like Sonos's line of wireless speakers. One huge difference between them, however, is the fact that you can buy an Amazon Echo, Google Home, or Sonos speaker right now — you'll have to wait until December if you want a HomePod. So should you? Here's what you need to know about HomePod, Google Home, and Amazon Echo to help you make the right smart-speaker purchase for you! HomePod has more in common with Sonos wireless speakers than it does Amazon Echo and Google Home HomePod is packed with some serious tech! 7 beam-forming tweeters 1 4-inch, Apple-designed woofer 6 microphones powered by Apple's A8 chip Using what Apple calls "Spatial Awareness," its beam-forming tweeters and woofer work together to provide virtual surround sound in whatever space you're in. The HomePod will "scan" the room and adjust its tweeter/woofer system accordingly to provide the best possible sound. The Amazon Echo has a single 2-inch tweeter and a single 2.5-inch woofer. It touts seven built-in, beam-forming microphones. The Echo's tweeter and woofer don't feature beam-forming technology. Google Home has a single 2-inch full range driver. It includes two beam-forming microphones. Google says it uses its machine learning and neural networks to better understand commands. Put simply, if an exceptional music-listening experience is priority one and "can control stuff with my voice" is priority two, you should wait until December. You're going to get better sound out of HomePod than you ever will out of Google Home or the Amazon Echo. But! There's something else worth considering here: Amazon's Echo Dot (the smaller of its main Alexa-enabled devices) can be connected to any speaker system that's compatible with the 3.5mm headphone jack it's reppin'. If you already own great speakers or want to invest in some, you might find the Echo Dot to be right for you. See at Amazon Are you subscribed to Apple Music? Do you have AirPlay-compatible devices? Apple says, and I quote, HomePod is "built to bring out the best in Apple Music." The smart speaker is heavily integrated with Apple Music. If you're not a subscriber, you're not going to get the best possible experience you can. Here's a look at the three speakers' integrated music services: Google Home: Pandora, YouTube Music, Google Play Music, Spotify Amazon Echo: Amazon Music Unlimited, Spotify, Pandora, iHeartRadio, TuneIn HomePod: Apple Music Say you're a devoted Spotify subscriber who wants a HomePod. You can still use HomePod to play music from Spotify. HomePod supports AirPlay 2, Apple's wireless streaming protocol. You can connect and stream to one or several HomePods throughout your home for whole-home audio listening given your app of choice adds support. One thing to keep in mind is — as it stands — you're not going to get nuanced voice control over anything but Apple Music if you go with HomePod. You won't be able to ask Siri on your HomePod to play specific Spotify albums or start a Pandora station — Apple doesn't offer those integrations. Google Home and Amazon Echo offer more nuanced voice control for the aforementioned integrated music services. As far as streaming methods, here's how the speakers stack up: Google Home: Chromecast streaming in supported apps (with Bluetooth streaming coming soon) and on-device Wi-Fi streaming Amazon Echo: Bluetooth streaming and on-device Wi-Fi streaming HomePod: On-device streaming of Apple Music and AirPlay 2 audio streaming from supported devices (like iPhone and iPad). If you're all-in on Apple Music (or you're comfortable going all-in at some point) and want to control your listening sessions with your voice, waiting for HomePod's a no brainer. If you'd rather keep your music-streaming and voice-control options open (and like the idea of Bluetooth and Chromecast streaming), you should probably snag a Google Home or Amazon Echo now. Google Home - See at Best Buy Amazon Echo - See at Amazon HomePod is a Siri vessel. Google Home is a Google Assistant vessel. Amazon Echo is an Alexa vessel. You can expect full Siri support on HomePod. The speaker — like in-home iPads and Apple TVs — acts as a Home hub and will let you control your HomeKit-enabled lights and accessories. It's certainly worth noting the HomePod is only going to control HomeKit-enabled accessories; if you've got accessories that are missing that "Works with Apple HomeKit" badge, you'll need a different smart assistant. Amazon Echo and Google Home are regularly neck-and-neck when it comes to smart home integrations. Amazon's Alexa and the Google Assistant can power a whole swath of connected home products. Amazon Echo smart home compatibility list Google Home smart home compatibility list Both the Echo and Home offer something called proactivity, too. Amazon Echo can send you ambient notifications by lighting up the LED ring atop its casing and Google Home can do the same with a quick flicker of its four LED lights. You'll get notifications of delayed flights, reminders, upcoming appointments, particularly hairy traffic, and more. Apple made no mention of proactive features for HomePod at WWDC, but the company could announced new features when the device ships in December. If you want a proactive home assistant or want to be able to control your home now instead of later, Google Home or Amazon Echo are the obvious choice. If you're rockin' a HomeKit-enabled home and don't mind waiting for an always-on, always-ready Siri command center, wait for HomePod. Is price a factor? HomePod is more expensive than both the Google Home and Amazon Echo. If you want to spend less and have a smart speaker now, don't wait for the HomePod. If you're OK with spending more and getting that full, rich sound from HomePod, wait until December. Google Home: $129.99 Amazon Echo: $179.99 Amazon Echo Dot: $49.99 Amazon Echo Show: $229.99 Apple HomePod: $349 Bottom line HomePod is worth the wait if you're big into deliciously decadent audio, in-home Siri, and the best possible Apple Music experience. Google Home or Amazon Echo are better if you need (or want) a smart assistant now, want to keep your music streaming and audio listening options open, and don't mind sacrificing a premium listening experience. You can check out our other guides for more info on HomePod and how it stacks up against Google Home, Amazon Echo, and Sonos: HomePod vs. Google Home vs. Amazon Echo: What's the difference? HomePod vs. Sonos: What's the difference? So which smart speaker will you be getting? Did we help you reach your decision? Share your thoughts on Twitter or in the comments below! WWDC 2017 Everything at WWDC 2017 WWDC 2017 Liveblog What to expect from WWDC 2017 Best events to attend iOS 11 macOS 10.13 watchOS 4 tvOS 11 Discussion forums Reader comments Should you wait for Apple HomePod or buy a Google Home or Echo today? 1 Comment View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating windsorsean Geography also plays a role in the decision. Given Echo is not available internationally and some of the streaming music services are not available (or less useful) outside of the US, that plays a factor. 0 1 day ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Home Android News Google makes the best Android apps easier to find with Android Excellence Google's chosen few will be displayed prominently in the Play Store. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Michael Simon Staff Writer, PCWorld | Jun 13, 2017 9:56 AM PT Credit: Michael Kan More like this Google highlights 60 app and game nominees for second annual Play Awards These 12 Android apps won the 2017 Google Play Awards Five to Try: YouTube TV starts rolling out, and Archer, P.I. lets you play... Video HTC U11 vs. LG G6 camera shootout Google wants you to find the best apps faster, so it's introduced a new section to the Play Store called Android Excellence. The banner on the Editor’s Choice page will spotlight apps and games that “deliver incredible user experiences on Android, use many of our best practices, and have great design, technical performance, localization, and device optimization.” Last month, Google spotlighted the winners of its second annual Google Play Awards. Several of the apps are, not surprisingly, represented on the Android Excellence page. Google says this list will be updated quarterly with hand-picked selections from its editorial team. Check out the first round of apps and games below: Android Excellence Apps AliExpress by Alibaba Mobile B&H Photo Video by B&H Photo Video Citymapper by Citymapper Limited Drivvo by Drivvo drupe by drupe Evernote by Evernote Corporation Hotel Tonight by HotelTonight Kitchen Stories by Kitchen Stories Komoot by komoot GmbH Lifesum by Lifesum Memrise by Memrise Pocket by Read It Later Runtastic Running & Fitness Tracker by Runtastic Skyscanner by Skyscanner Ltd Sleep as Android by Urbandroid Team Vivino by Vivino Android Excellence Games After the End Forsaken Destiny by Nexon M Inc. CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars by ZeptoLab Golf Clash by Playdemic Hitman GO Square Enix Ltd Horizon Chase – World Tour by Aquiris Game Studio S.A Kill Shot Bravo by Hothead Games Lineage Red Knights by Ncsoft Corporation Nonstop Knight by flaregames PAC-MAN 256 - Endless Maze by Bandai Namco Entertainment Europe Pictionary by Etermax Reigns by DevolverDigital Riptide GP: Renegade by Vector Unit Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes by Electronic Arts Titan Brawl by Omnidrone Toca Blocks by Toca Boca Transformers: Forged to Fight by Kabam To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Android Games Google Play games Michael Simon covers all things mobile for Greenbot and Macworld. You can usually find him with his nose buried in a screen. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio How-To Social Media Computers & Laptops Mobiles & Tablets Other Gadgets Google looks to digitally connect small businesses Our Bureau comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Debasish_Bhaduri Shalini Girish, Director- Marketing Solutions, Google, at a press conference in Kolkata Launches website for SMBs Kolkata, June 13:   US-based search engine major Google India will look to bring on board and digitally connect a host of small and medium businesses. Google is also open to tie-ups with industry bodies, which would help them provide training to these businesses. So far, it has a tie-up with FICCI only. Through its various initiatives, the technology giant has been able to bring on board some 10 million small and medium businesses, which are either available through its “search” options or on its “Maps”. India has 51 million-odd SMBs. “Some 10 million are either available in search results or maps of Google. We intend to list and bring many more on board,” Shalini Girish, Director – Marketing Solutions, Google, said here on Tuesday. According to Girish, a survey by Google and KPMG has seen that 68 per cent of SMB are offline and digitally-engaged SMBs grow twice as fast compared to the ones offline. Quoting the report, she said, digitally engaged businesses are able to grow their customer base significantly with 52 per cent catering to customers beyond their home city compared to only 29 per cent of those SMBs that are offline. Google has already introduced a host of tools that aim to help SMBs go digital. “Digital Unlocked” is a training programme for creating awareness about digitisation among SMBs that began January onwards. Apart from online and app-based training modules, Google is also working with FICCI to conduct 5,000 offline classroom training programme and take forward recognising SMBs with its “SMB Heroes” programme. “By 2020, we hope to have 5,000-odd classroom training programmes (across 40 cities),” she said. Google has also launched the “Website with Google my Business” that looks at equipping these small and medium businesses in their digital journey by creating free, mobile optimised websites. The website will provide simple, templated offerings created from their data and photos on Google maps.In 12 regional languages The offerings will come in 12 languages, namely English, Hindu, Bengali, Telegu, Marathi, Tamil, Urdu, Gujrati, Kannada and Malaylam. The beta testing of this tool was being carried out for quite some time now and 120,000 businesses have been a part of the pilot. (This article was published on June 13, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS Google launches free website creation tool for Indian businesses TOPICS economy, business and finance | small scale industry | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO ACT Fibernet CEO Bala Malladi on ACT's initiatives more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Dell-EMC eyes big play in Digital India projects HCL to hire 2,000 at upcoming Nagpur campus Airtel, RJio set to disrupt television viewing TRAI mulls fixing floor price for voice, data services Why mid-rung IT staff must get cracking at code Nokia makes a comeback with Android handsets Intel to invest ₹1,100 crore in R&D centre Truecaller offers workspace security Cognizant to acquire TMG Health LATEST NEWS PFC to launch tax exempt bonds 8 min. ago At least 65 people missing or feared dead in London fire: Report 20 min. ago Nifty call: Go short on a break below 9,580 with a stop-loss at 9,595 27 min. ago Gold hits 3-week low as dollar strengthens on US economic data 39 min. ago Sensex erases early gains; healthcare, IT stocks fall 49 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Info-tech Infosys appoints Inderpreet Sawhney as group general counsel Infosys has appointed former Wipro executive Inderpreet Sawhney as its group general counsel. The appointment is effective July 3, 2017,... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Young World Club | Publications | eBooks | Images | Classifieds | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... The largest of Google's 2017 devices, codenamed 'Taimen,' may be built by LG Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/12 8:32pm PDTJun 12, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 4 Share on Facebook 7 Share on Twitter Total Shares25 Google Leaks LG News Back in March, we learned that Google may be working on a third device for 2017, called 'Taimen' (Google traditionally names products after fish). This third model would be bigger than the next Pixel and Pixel XL, codenamed 'Walleye' and 'Muskie' respectively. It's not known for sure that Taimen will be a larger Pixel phone, just that it will be larger in size than Walleye and Muskie. Earlier today, we reported that Muskie has likely been cancelled, leaving Walleye and Taimen the only phones Google will reveal this year. Now it seems that Taimen may be manufactured by LG. 9to5Google spotted an issue on the Google Issue Tracker, titled 'USB PD Compliance Failure.' The second comment on the report seems to reveal that Taimen is being manufactured by LG, with the device being called "G011C" in the linked power report. Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X. Considering that the bootlooping Nexus 5X is still fresh on consumers' minds, with a lawsuit currently pending, it seems hard to believe that Google would be welcome to LG making another device. Personally, I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacturer (my Nexus 5 and 5X both died after about a year of use), but let us know what you think in the comments. Via: 9to5Google Tags bootloop Google LG taimen subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Logitech Harmony Elite only $250 at Amazon and Best Buy ($100 off) ... Next Story Logitech announces Circle 2 home security cameras—weatherproof, wired or wireless, and ... Trending 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments james fuston Can't agree. My Nexus 5 was fantastic and I'm totally fine with LG manufacturing a Pixel. Snowsky Mountain I'm hoping that even if there was a problem with some LG phones like the G4, they've fixed it by now with the V20 and G6. Those seem like (relatively) stable phones, at least compared to the G4 and V10. JSo I'm currently using a v10 after my Nexus 5X died. I'm scared for it every day now. Lol Randroid V20 still has the same issue: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The G6 hasn't been out long enough for us to know yet. (The 5X generally bootloops around the 13 month mark) Anthony Castanza Same, LG made the Nexus 4 and Nexus 5, two of the best phones I've ever owned, I'm willing to give them another chance. james fuston Not to mention the level of support Google offers on Nexus/Pixel phones is far superior to working directly with OEMs like LG. The Nexus (later Pixel) support team is easily one of the best customer support interactions I've ever had. aRvInD Everything was fine till Nexus 5. Other issues like Power button prob etc maybe there but LG was doing well in making compact phones, until phones #bootloop. If LG explicitly agrees this #bootloop issue and positively declares they've fixed this issue, like Samsung did with Note 7 battery explosion story on S8, I will be glad to hope on them... I have hope because my LG Nexus 4, still works nice/flawless for almost 5 years!... Giampi Had a Nexus 5 and sold to buy OPO (worst decision ever). I've had 2 5X (the first died because it fell into the toilet by my lovely son hands and the second one is working perfectly). Using a Pixel now but just because I wanted some new toy. c00ller Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information. Your positive experience with the Nexus 5 is obsolete and unrepresentative of the more recent LG manufactured devices such as the Nexus 5X (mentioned in the post, guess you didn't bother to click on the relevant link) and the G4. Get informed by checking out /r/Nexus5X for example (there is a stickied post titled, "Bootloop megathread 2.0" for crying out loud). After just a few minutes of browsing it should be crystal clear why most Nexus 5X owners will forever avoid LG (and dissuade their friends/family from choosing LG as well). BFRC As you might know, there is a very large gap between individual 5X devices. I have used the Nexus 5, and currently running the 5X, and both of these devices have worked flawlessly over the last few years. My gf has my N5 and is still using it, also satisfied with its performance. Because of it, there is a large split in confidence with LG for newer devices; I would still consider getting a new LG phone if I wouldn't be aware of the mass issues, whereas many others would definitely stay away from anything they'd produce. Jerzy Michał Pawlak My Nexus 5X bootlooped 13 months after purchase... so what? LG fixed it quickly and without fuss (we have 2 years manufacturer's warranty here) and the phone works great again. Problems can happen with every manufacturer (my old Samsung Note 2 bootlooped 4 months after purchase, due to faulty RAM) and LG has shown good quality of service in this case. Large_Hadron The other posters' experience of the Nexus 5 is relevant because the author of the article cited the 5 as one of the reasons they would avoid a LG-built Pixel. Actually I know several people who are still using Nexus 5s. I've only ever seen a 5X in the wild once. The G6 would be the obvious device to watch if you want information on LG's recent manufacturing, as that will be 6 months old by the time the next Pixels are released (I've not seen reports of it having problems yet, but let's give it a few more months). Ryan We get it, we know. But one phone (after all, the 5x is just a warmed over G4) being a screw-up doesnt negate they had a few years of greatness. Maybe they can get back there if they learn from their mistakes. james fuston Ah yeah, I forgot to mention my G6 is also great. hope that makes my opinion less "obsolete" in your mind. Raz My N5 is still going strong and I use it every day as my spare device. My wife and mother-in-law are using their N5X for more than one year without any issues. Don't discount a manufacturer for some bad phones. Samsung still owns a decent share of the Android market and are one of the few companies that had a device banned on most US flights. Just saying. FoxBJK Subreddits around old phones really don't have much to focus on years after the phone was released. Are 5 and 5x owners supposed to hop over to those subs just to say "My phone's working great, sorry you're all having trouble"? It wouldn't go well. What else are they supposed to talk about that wouldn't apply to other, more general subreddits? It's not a fair assessment to look at those subs, and it's just condescending to say someone's wrong because their phone still works, and they don't know anyone with boot loop issues. I don't know anyone personally suffering from those either, so am I wrong when I say the 5x was a solid device for the price? james fuston Pretty much this. Product-centric subreddits are, in my experience, 90% people who are having a really bad time (outside of the first month of a product launch, where they're all "GOT MY SHIPPING CONFIRMATION!!1!") instinct I was an LG fan after the Nexus 5 and the G2 and G3. I got burned with a G4 (bootloop) but stayed with LG for the G5 for removable battery. It's been a good phone so far, but I am not as big of a fan as I used to be. My brothers 5X and my friends G4's both bootlooped. However, if it's another Nexus 5, I'd probably get it. My favorite phone ever. Nick Coad "Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information." You are lacking current information as well, for example you don't know how many 5Xs were actually affected by the bootloop as a percentage of the overall units sold. I'm not saying the problem is not serious, or even that it is not widespread BUT what I am saying is WE DON'T KNOW how many units had the problem, so any declaration about the prevalence of the issue is based on conjecture, including yours. A subreddit especially is the most ridiculous source to cite for evidence of anything, especially a manufacturing defect, given that only users experiencing the problem are going to be posting. You have no idea how many users are out there using their Nexus 5Xs without issue (like me and a couple of my friends, for example). xyz No, thanks. Reddit is cancer. stirfry Hmmm. LG recently announced 2 year warranties, so it would appear they are standing behind their products. I will definitely be purchasing a LG Pixel 2. My hysterical friends can stuff their dissuasion. rebretz000 I still have my Nexus 5X and I never had any bootloop issues. If the new Pixel XL looks like the LG G6 I will be all over it. Randroid So many of LG's phones bootloop that there's a wikipedia page for "LG smartphone bootloop issues" that contains a list of LG phones that bootloop: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues I will not be buying another LG phone any time soon. ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ...until it boot loops XD VAVAMk_2 Mine still works thomas sim My nexus 5 not affected by infamous bootloop, but another infamous issue of power button failed after one year, replaced it cheap. Replaced battery recently and now in drawer as backup phone. My friend's 5X not so lucky though. Lost confidence on LG already. Ahmad El-Ibrahim It is scary to think LG would be manufacturing. Google really wants​ people to pick up Pixel Protect. Daniel That must be some tasty cereal.... AK Don't worry guys, it'll all be ok. This is not Nexus. This is Pixel. "Made by Google" Pixel. SomeGuy112 True, if LG is just the manufacturer and Google designs and engineers everything, there's hope. DragoCubed Isn't the comment you replied to sarcastic? SomeGuy112 Could be, too hard to tell since the Pixel devices have better build quality than the last two Nexus devices. Midnitte Doesn't matter how well something is engineered if it's put together with duct tape. SomeGuy112 Valid point. Duder12 My Pixel has been solid as fuck. Jealous? AK No, mine has served me well also... silzazsyh i think your post SOUNDED too sarcastic, but it's accurate because the pixels are great AK My bad, wasn't supposed to be. xyz Of all the things to envy other people for, a fucking phone isn't one of them. Get a life. Dirge Pass. Nicholas Matranga I had two Nexus 5xs bootloop. No thanks LG! vineeth pulipati That's a software issue though, not lg's fault caerestapermitido No. Kieron Quinn Ah yes, a software fault that happens regardless of Android version, and happens to many other LG phones too. Seems legit. Randroid Look at reddit.com/r/nexus5x a quick look into a few posts there will tell you that it is NOT software related. People blamed it on Nougat, but mine bootlooped while still on 6.0.1. Also relevant: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Snowsky Mountain Maybe it's so that it can have a bezel-less screen? I think HTC said they weren't able to reduce bezels because they were a smaller OEM, so maybe Google's going with LG because of that. heitor dude, i got a nexus 5 since 2013 and it's still handling things pretty fine. LG does a great job, you're talking shit Gjorgi Lazarovski Do you by chance have a g4, g5, v10, v20 or a 5X? If not your comment makes no sense since bootloop issues were being reported from the g4 onwards. Corbin Davenport Why would I lie about my phone dying? The power button got stuck, and it happened to a ton of people. Just do a search for "nexus 5 power button". https://www.ifixit.com/Answers/View/208337/How+do+I+fix+a+Nexus+5+Power+Button+Issue https://www.reddit.com/r/Nexus5/comments/2rpfuj/nexus_5_broken_power_button_keeps_rebooting/ https://forum.xda-developers.com/google-nexus-5/general/nexus-5-power-button-broken-heres-to-t3049747 https://protyposis.net/blog/replacing-the-nexus-5-power-button/ https://flothesof.github.io/fixing-Nexus5-power-button.html https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/nexus/XwJA0gi4tco Duder12 Whats ridiculous is you are just assuming that LG will have the same level of involvement with the Pixel 2 as they did with the Nexus 5x. The Nexus 5x was a partner device. For all we know LG is nothing but a Foxconn for the Pixel 2 Randroid Problem is that ALL recent devices made by LG are bootlooping, not just the 5X: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Randroid How about the bootloop issues on all of their recent phones? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues D13H4RD2L1V3 Mmmm, fishy cereal SomeGuy112 Google is trading fat bezels for bootloops, would rather have the fat bezels and better build quality from HTC. Rohan J Singh Best news all week .. lg any day over htc. If it's htc then mostly it will be based off u11 type shitty front design. Randroid I'm just gunna leave this here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Rohan J Singh Ofcourse they are going to work on it if they aim to compete with apple which they are Randroid Work on what? The bootloop issue that has been plaguing them for their last 5 releases? Yeah, you go ahead and be part of their test group. Let me know when your device bootloops. Rohan J Singh If i do buy this i will reply to you here, Bookmarked ! Orion Exactly! cadtek91 I dunno what the big deal is. LG and HTC are just manufacturers, like Foxconn is to Apple. Google has final say on design, schematics, layouts, testing, BOMs, components. SomeGuy112 Let's hope that's the case this year, the OG Pixel looks surprisingly simlar to other HTC designs, rumor was HTC gave Google a HTC phone template to base the original Pixel off of because they needed something fast due to a deal gone bad with Huawei, of course that's just a rumor though This year they had lots of time, so hopefully the design is somewhat more unique. Luxferro Don't forget the 6P's battery shutdown issues too. cadtek91 Yeah, that's Hauwei's fault though, not LG's. Patriciaahenry Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dg155c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dg155c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs445DirectGroupsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dg155c:....,.... Chris Thurber Why did you only work 90 hours in the last four weeks if you're making that much per hour? Why not work a normal 80 hour work week?? You'd be a millionaire? Hmm?? HMM??? Luxferro Re-read your initial comment, and tell me why your comment applies to the nexus 5, 5X, but not 6P. demarcmj The point of his original comment was that there is (or should be) a difference between Nexus devices and Pixel devices W.R.T. the role of the manufacturer. Meaning that the problems experienced on Nexus phones need not necessarily deter customers from a Pixel because in this case (theoretically) the phone is being designed by Google and the manufacturer is just building to print. VAVAMk_2 Crap batteries from Huawei. Can confirm. Once replaced they run fine. Luxferro I think part of the issue is Google and could be software too. The phone communicates with the battery over I2C bus. If the phone is at 30% battery, and all of a sudden it powers off and won't turn back on until you connect to a charger for a split second while you press the power button. Then it boots back up with 30% then why did it turn off? Did the cells go into some protection mode? Did the battery say we're running low and tell android to power off? Did the phone mis-interpret I2C communication and think it needs to turn off. I'm sure google could narrow down the problem if they actually looked at it - just monitor the I2C traffic to and from the battery. It's their phone... they sold and marketed it. Nope.jpeg I guess they all have pretty back customer support, so that doesn't matter, either. Large_Hadron The original Pixels had a lot more HTC design in them than Google's marketing would like you to think. I don't think it's a secret that they were a bit of a rush job (though they've overall held up pretty well despite that). Of course they shouldn't be a rush this time, so probably "designed by Google" will be more accurate this time. But I can still understand reservations if people have reason to distrust a particular manufacturer. Randroid Here's a list of LG phones that bootloop (Including the 5x): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The problem is with something at LG and the way they manufacturer their devices. They all bootloop. (All recent models at least) xyz Anything they can do to avoid blaming their precious Google. If the phone has the Google logo on it, then any problems with it are Google's fault. James Briano I'm going to have another look at that "Essential" phone Luxferro I think I'm buying that too. I have mine reserved. Time to try something new than a Google phone. Bombaglad the only thing bugging me about that phone is the absence of amoled wjrandon I never had a problem with my Nexus 5. Frankly I welcome LG over HTC. Considering the publicity of their past hardware problems I'm sure LG's engineers would make sure not to repeat any past mistakes. Bring on that massive 6 inch display. My body is ready! phineasjw I've always bought a new Android phone every two years, however similar to desktops, we've reached mobile CPU performance saturation. I've got a Nexus 6P and really feel no need to upgrade to a new $750 phone with only slightly better performance when the 6P is still blazing along. We'll see what the next Pixel iteration brings.. needa Buy a battery or two now, while you can still get OEM quality. You can thank me later. DragoCubed I'm still using my S4 :P WitnessG This kills the hype. Its hard to trust LG with their flaky past of bad quality. Luxferro The Nexus 6P has similar issues with it's battery... Henry Park That doesn't excuse LG in anyway shape or form, especially since G4 G5 V10 V20 all had similar boot looping problems. Manny Fleurmond V20? I own a V20 and have no problems Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues George famous last words... VAVAMk_2 Huawei used crappy quality batteries that degrade after a year. Replace the battery and it runs great again. I did. Roy But here Google design the phone, so it's different. JSo My Nexus 5X died on me. But my Nexus 5 still runs good. Go figure. I loved both phones though. Curtis Bond I'd sure as hell take LG over HTC. michael interbartolo Lg stepped up and fixed my wife's 5x at 13 months (though did take about 6 weeks) and my 5x at 18 months (turn around was a mere week) so hopefully they learned from their mistakes. portalpirate Poor HTC. Aaron Makes me wonder if the Pixel supply problem wasn't due to production issues at HTC. virk With a dead Nexus 5 and 5X lying around, I'm done with LG. Max If it looks somewhat similar to the G6 shape, keeps the Pixel smoothness and they don't make the mistake of making it larger than a S8+ then they'll have my money for sure! Dan Franchini An LG G6 with an SD 835 and pure Android. Sign me up. Bombaglad they'd need to revive old motorola for that (not the nonsense "moto" they've become under lenovo) Max Johnson I'm not concerned, doesn't seem to be a problem with the G5 and going forward. Bombaglad yeah, the g5 sucked, but didn't bootloop.... OR DID IT?! Christopher Bement Biased much? My N4 and G6 have been flawless, but like you, that's my experience. tim242 For fuck's sake. There is a class actin lawsuit over the issue. Duder12 Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. Randroid Problem is, Google will only perform the replacement if you bought the phone from the Google Store or from Project Fi. If you purchased it anywhere else, you have to go through LG. Luckily I purchased mine from Fi, so when mine bootlooped I got a replacement relatively quickly. destinyhud i know u think u r trying to over smart others but u need to stop. there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid I was referencing the current state of things with the 5x. The comment that I was replying to was talking about Google doing well with the 5x replacements, my comment was specifically about 5x replacements, and is 100% true in that context. Google HAS done a great job with replacements, but LG has NOT. The fact that Google is good at replacing LG's crappy phones is NOT a reason for me to buy a phone that is made by a company that is known for its shoddy hardware. Go ahead and buy more LG stuff. Have fun when it bootloops like the rest of them. destinyhud u r trying to troll with ur comments. u replied to this "Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. " I think u need to get a life. we all know it bootloops but what u r doing is childishly silly Randroid How is that trolling? I'm pointing out facts. Google is good about providing replacements for LG's screw-up; LG is not good at it. "we all know it bootloops" - no, if you read the comments on this page, not everyone knows it bootloops. destinyhud pointing out on every posts?? thats exactly why i said u r trolling with ur childishly silly troll post Ryan Cottrell Weren't all the rumors a year ago saying HTC signed a 2 year, 3 phone contract? Also, maybe they'll have LG make one with a bigger screen, a la G6 since it will minimize component costs, and HTC will make a normal, upgrade from current, Pixel. Si vis pacem, para bellum Given that LG makes the second best smartphone of 2017 so far after the S8, this is good news. Up until now I have never been able to buy any Nexus/Pixel smartphone or tablet in part because most of them weren't even sold here in Western Europe and in part because most of the time there always was some deal breaking spec (especially battery and storage related) and/or lack of some important feature, but I hope that can change soon. Until then, Google will continue to be totally irrelevant on the "hardware side" of the market. iKon It can never be the best phone of 2017, with a 2016 processer. Mike Bastable Well someone certainly has a beef with LG. Simply the most stupid article I have ever read here. Biased and ridiculous. Make me think that A.P. is doing on quality control and impartiality. Piss poor. whispy_snippet Mate. Calm down. Mike Bastable Zen here. However some of the recent articles seem like the ranting of Fanboys (usually found in the comments section) instead of researched articles. A.P is becoming less essential as a result, which is a shame. whispy_snippet Someone's ranting anyway. needa They are all becoming less essential. Nowadays it doesn't really matter what phone you buy... it's going to be a good one. At least AP dives into the code and gets their hands a bit dirty. Everyone else is either a corporate sellout like AC, has terrible page load times due to the ads like AA, or just copy pastes press releases and takes the weekend off like DL. Mike Bastable Points well made Sir_Brizz My Nexus 5 remains my favorite phone of all time. I would love to see a new device with similar design language. whispy_snippet Same here. I have a Pixel now but my old N5 still works! c00ller The number of strong, uninformed, and stubborn opinions in this comments section is a sad reminder of the state of society in general whispy_snippet If we see a hodge podge split design approach with the Pixel I'll be very surprised (and disappointed). DragoCubed It was a lazy design. Flint_PS I don't mind. I've had a Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and am currently using a Nexus 5X. Good phones (although not without faults, obviously), and LG warranty support is pretty great where I live. needa I don't know why you would stay away, unless LG is designing the Pixel from the ground up like they did the Nexus devices. LoE Am I the only one in the world with a perfectly working Nexus 5X? And a perfectly working Nexus 4 before that? I would welcome another LG phone. JD You sir have the unicorn. lomsha Some hope for reduced bezels then lol. Oliver Cervera ✔ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ My Nexus 5 is still rocking, Nexus 5X bootlooping :( Lawstorant Aaaaaaand my interest suddenly dropped to 0. Rohan My nexus 4 worked perfectly till I sold it early this year Dmitry Stepanushkin Same, but wife threw it on floor in underground train station, and screen became unusable. Last thing I did erased it remotely, then it bootlooped and I force powered it off and it went to recycle bin. tmartin yes, mine still runs well (for a phone as old as it is, of course). My N5X started boot looping a few months ago and I brought out my N4 for the month it took LG to fix the 5X. Needless to say, at this point I need a finger print sensor, but the N4 worked well and felt so great in my hand compared to the 5X. Rohan I would instantly get one, jsut for looks if they released a nexus Mini or something with upgrades specs and N4 design. I absolutely loved that phone. Jas Kapadia The leaks are coming! "itshappening.gif" Also thumbs up for that header image. Too good. Dmitry Stepanushkin Add "spoiler alert"😀 Duncan Booth My Nexus 5 got unreliable GPS after nearly 2 years, but was replaced under warranty. My Nexus 5X died completely after 18 months but was replaced under warranty. It's great getting a new phone paid for by Google every couple of years, so as long as they're happy to go with LG I won't have any complaints. Dmitry Stepanushkin Unfortunately not everyone able to get replacement. It FeelsBadMan when thing suddenly breaks and bought somewhere on Ebay. I prefer phones without known major defects over being able to maybe get replacement some day. Rob I'm still using my Nexus 5, and still love it. I won't buy another phone until someone makes a decent one with stock Android that's no bigger. Lucas Araujo Great news! If this is true, there is a chance that the new Pixel can be launched here in Brazil since HTC left the country a few years ago. I guess that you had some very bad luck with your Nexus's devices. I had a Nexus 4, 5 and 5x (my current phone). All of them are still working despite the cracked screen (my fault) and the power button not working properly on the N5. Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues TechGuy22 That's why there's a rumor about bezel being slim since HTC can't make good looking devices anymore Chris You kidding? Nexus 5 was absolutely amazing. yann933 Well considering my 5x just died this Friday, I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;) Looks like the Taimen will be getting 2 years of warranty guys!!!! /s Randroid Google only handles replacements if you bought from Google (or Project Fi.) People who bought from LG, their carrier, or any other source have to go through LG and some are waiting months for a replacement. I, on the other hand, did buy from Fi and got a replacement within about a week. destinyhud there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid As with my other comment, this was specifically talking about 5x replacements. NOT Pixel replacements. Still will never buy another LG phone because I don't want to HAVE to replace my phone when it bootloops. destinyhud no S/he was talking about pixel replacement. read again. his old phone died and "I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;)" Randroid has no problem even if it bootloops but u seem to have a problem with it. 4Ui812 I'm not sure it's the hardware that you have to worry about regarding any new Pixel (fixel) phone as much as it is the software. Randroid If it's made by LG, hardware is what you need to be worried about: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues 4Ui812 My first touch screen phone was a LG (can't remember the name of it) I bought (used) on eBay and never had a issue with it. I've also owned a LG DVD burner (still have it) and a tv in the past. I've only had a few experiences with LG products but every experience had been great. Maybe the company isn't so great anymore ? Randroid Yeah, things change. I *loved* LG's flip phones back in the day. I wouldn't buy a phone if it wasn't LG. But then when smart phones came out the quality was always lacking. Now that they've (kinda) caught up in quality as far as performance is concerned, other issues have popped up. I bought the 5X forgetting that it was made by LG. I honestly probably wouldn't have purchased it even back then if I had realized that fact. LG has never been on the top of the list for smart phones. They were alright for a time, but never on the top. PhantomGamers FWIW I got an OG Nexus 5 on release and it's still running pretty strong, my dad is using it now. Only issue is that the battery dies really fast now, might try and swap it out. Dmitry Stepanushkin I using mine as second phone. All good except battery and some lags coz "only" 2GB of RAM. ROB Be careful with swapping the battery... I killed mine... very depressing. It was a great phone. kamiller42 Cute picture. Spread the hate. I wonder if Samsung articles will be accompanied with images of roasted and burnt marshmallows. Naaaahh. someone755 No because that didn't happen on a mass scale and saw Samsung release a hardware revision that would get swapped out for consumers free of charge, and then later a software update that would render the devices useless. Samsung publicly acknowledged and apologized for the issue and worked together with people and companies to prevent further damage. LG, on the other hand, refuses to even put out a statement to either confirm or deny that the bug exists, despite having several lawsuits launched against them in recent history. The bugs affect many more people than Samsung's battery issue. Samsung should be praised or at least be given a pass because of the way they handled the situation. LG should be shamed both because it's basically stealing from its customers as well as for the waste their dead phones are generating. kamiller42 Samsung handled the issue. Claimed the issue was limited, claimed a fix which wasn't, and several more burned. I think Samsung did handle as best they could, but don't whitewash the event. Exploding phones is far more serious than boot loops. Yet, don't see AP dogging them. Also, not everyone is experiencing boot loops. someone755 Not everyone experienced a burning battery. My point is, and I think you know that, that Samsung reacted to the problem quickly and did several things about it. It may not have been perfect (it certainly wasn't), but it is commendable. LG's attitude is despicable and appalling. Randroid Samsung had 1 phone with an issue, and they quickly addressed it. LG currently has 5, and they still have yet to even try to address the issue. (I say "currently" because there isn't enough data to make a decision about some of their more recent releases.) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues kamiller42 Too quickly addressed. Huh? Recalled, said it was fixed, and then recalled again. No boot loop ever threatened anyone's life. Am I right? I think the Boot Loops cartoon and burnt marshmallows image are infantile. Randroid No bootloop ever threatened anyone's life? I guess you haven't been in an emergency situation without a cell phone. People whose phone have bootlooped are taking MONTHS to be replaced. A lot can happen when you're without a means of contact for 3 months. And again, they're still not comparable. Samsung quickly recalled the product when they found out about the issues. Yes, they messed up by rushing out a replacement that had a similar issue, but then (again) QUICKLY issued another recall. LG has known about these issues for YEARS and has done nothing to remedy them. kamiller42 Which would you rather have in your pocket, a boot looping phone or an exploding one? Randroid Neither, I'd rather the company take responsibility for the problem (like Samsung did) and return my broken phone. Instead, I've got a phone in my pocket that is waiting to bootloop at any time because they replaced it with the same device instead of giving me a device that has no issues. kamiller42 You're talking about response. I'm talking about the problems. I'll take the looping phone. You can keep the burnt leg. demarcmj "Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X." I'm confused by this line. Has the manufacturer of the "Walleye" been leaked yet? Patrick Smithopolis All the tech sites are pretty sure it's HTC. It was reported last year that HTC has an agreement with Google to manufacture the Pixel phones for two or three years. charlie Jason Hopefully LG is capable of making phones with thin bezels, unlike HTC. destinyhud did u miss the G6??? why hopefully? they can make one matteventu I had all the intentions to change my 128GB Pixel XL for the "Pixel XL 2" (or whatever it will be called, regardless of screen size - if not bigger than 6"), but £800 for some LG crap, no thanks, Google you're not going to see my money. Marcelove "I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacture" Yeah, let's buy chinese-slave-labor-made-phone from Xiaomi, Huawei and others instead... blindexecutioner My slave built OnePlus 3T is probably the best built phone I've ever used. You'd think those other manufacturer's could get it right if they're using higher paid free-living adults. Alex Kruger Before people start freaking out about LG, they fixed the design flaw that was leading to boot looping. They no longer have the battery and processor next to each other, they're in separate sides of the phone (processor is on top and the battery is in the bottom) with a heat pipe in between. They started doing this with the G6, which has not suffered and major boot looping issues, and has sold significantly better that the G5 and (I believe) the V10 and V20. I, and many tech bloggers (including Android Police) have been really impressed with the G6 and how well it's aging. Randroid You mean the G6 that release 2 months ago? Yeah, it's aging well. The average time it takes for a 5X to bootloop is around 13 months, so there is no useful data as to how this device will handle at that point of its lifetime. Ryan I only finally had the bootloop issue but I had the extended warranty. While I am not as happy with my 5x my Nexus 4 was an EXCELLENT phone. I even fired it up and used it for the two days I had to wait for my replacement 5x. So, for me, if LG put as much effort into the Pixel as they did the Nexus 4 I could see it being interesting. But if its like the 5x no way, not for Pixel prices. Patrick Smithopolis My Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and Nexus 5X are all working without issue. tmartin Isn't Google supposed to be designing these from the ground up, with LG just acting as a manufacturing partner?? Or have we all moved past that? blindexecutioner Did people really believe that? The Pixel is very clearly an HTC designed phone. Berni Hargrove But wasn't that just because they were short on time? Mike I Author of this article is loose. LG 5x is not in a lawsuit. I'm staying away from you Corbin. tmartin Is Taimen going to be a tango phone? I'm starting this rumor if its not already out there. _jsw_ Literally came here to post this. I hope so, and, if it is, I'm buying it... assuming I don't buy the Asus Zenphone AR first. Tango isn't quite there yet, but it's so tantalizingly close. tmartin Yeah, I don't know. I was planning on getting the XL and Taimen sounds bigger than I want. But maybe I can be convinced. Then again, if I can't fit the thing in my pocket, kind of a deal breaker. tmartin It does sound like Google is wanting to do more with it. I'm skeptical of the whole VR/AR thing, but it is fun to watch it come together. _jsw_ I've got the Tango Tablet, which still runs but is getting really *really* old now (it's never been upgraded past KitKat!!). Still, I've done some coding on it and used it to build decent 3D models of spaces, but the sensors and CPUs weren't quite what I needed. Add a second actual camera on the other end/bottom for real stereoscopic range finding, and the potential is massive. A legit 3D scanner in your hand is an awesome concept. As far as AR/VR goes, though... I think you also need that second camera so that you can look "through" it when it's in a headset and still get stereoscopic vision. The Samsung Gear VR lets you do AR via a passthough of the camera when you're using it, but it seems too "flat" because of only having one "eye". I realize Google isn't going to have two rear-facing cameras, but... if someone would, that would finally be a useful VR/AR headset-capable device. disastrousrainbow I've owned three LG devices in my life. The G3, Nexus 5X, and G5. Neither one of those phone's ever boot looped for me. I'm not saying it's not a problem (because obviously it is for some) but judged off my experience, comments on here, and even the couple of friends I know that are using LG's, I feel as if the severity of this issue is due to a small minority making big noise about it. Shaun Smith Enter the G6 clone. Ugh Shaun Smith I know it's supposed to be bigger, but just remembering when Google asked Moto for a big phone and we ended up with a giant Moto X named Shamu cellabonez Time for sony to make a Nexus StankyChikin N5, G4, V10, Currently on G6 - Have had them all.. Rest have been handed down and work great still. JOAT I had a Nexus 5x and needed a warranty replacement​. Please no, Google!!! sraj49 Let us not forget that the hardware and software is total responsibility of Google and LG had no day in it. I am surprised that a comment like this coming from the author whom I respect for a good analysis King_Android Essential "The Phone" FTW!!!!!!! Joshua Binyard I don't know of any manufacturer that hasn't had issues with their phones, at one point or another. No I'm getting my next pixel 2 "the biggest one" no matter who makes it. And if it acts up I will trade it in. I hope the phone and the case are released at the same time Roy I think it's great. Let's think about it for a little​. Google wanted LG's OLED and in the same time was looking for a new Factory to build the next Pixel. Maybe LG was like you wont our best displays first in line take us to build the next Pixel. In the meantime HTC can't hel to build the new pixel without big bezels and not enough big battery and if Google ever wanted to bring back the front stereo speakers it's really difficult with HTC. LG roking​ with the G6 with tiny bezels. So with LG'S new OLED they can save more place for compact design big battery and the way Google get great display more likely with HDR and can bring back the stereo speakers:) Everybody wins. blindexecutioner Any manufacturer is better than HTC. I hope Google takes some of LG's design the way they took HTC's dated design as well (Even though they say they were responsible or the design it was clearly HTC inspired just like the Nexus devices have always been). Indianajonze well they made the nexus 5 as well, and that phone was amazing. personally, i welcome any opportunity that allows for the possibility we'll get an lcd screen over oled... Gytole Had the G2,3,4,5 and V20, never had a bootloop. I'm for it. Lisandro what a way to kill a phone even before being manufactured Tech Dude My prior LG phones were great. LG G2 and a coupleof LG G3s still going strong as emergency devices. Now my Nexus 6P.. I'm on my forth. No more devices from Huawei. Morenicano That "Boot Loops" picture tho....... 😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Orion Ummmm no. Never seen any issues with LG. This will be my next phone if the specs come correct. xyz Bollocks. Nexus 5 was the best Google branded phone ever. Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 172 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 33 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 395 1 Year Ago Today Editorial: iOS 10 is Apple’s not-so-secret love letter to Android 2016/06/15 4:50pm PDTJun 15, 2016 52 2 Years Ago Today Google Maps Now Warns You If You Are Navigating To A Place That Will Be Closed When You Arrive 2015/06/15 2:52pm PDTJun 15, 2015 43 3 Years Ago Today PSA: No, The OnePlus One Is Not Waterproof, So Don't Try This At Home 2014/06/15 11:20am PDTJun 15, 2014 2 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Emancy: Borderline War, Shelter, And Beejumbled 2013/06/15 5:49pm PDTJun 15, 2013 21 5 Years Ago Today Zombies, Run! Spices Up Your Running Routine With A Little Undead Uprising 2012/06/15 10:20pm PDTJun 15, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today [Updated] EVO Shift 4G Gingerbread OTA Update Dropping June 17th 2011/06/15 3:41pm PDTJun 15, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today HTC Aria Coming June 20th To AT&T, Initial Hands-On Impressions Surface 2010/06/15 5:50pm PDTJun 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 30 Google adds Play Store support to more Chromebooks from Acer, Dell, ASUS, HP, Lenovo, and Samsung 2017/06/15 11:01am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 173 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 124 queries | 0.412s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Tech News / Featured Tech News / Google has hired a former Apple chip architect, custom SoCs on the way Google has hired a former Apple chip architect, custom SoCs on the way Matthew Wilson 3 days ago Featured Tech News, Mobile It looks like Google is preparing some big changes to its mobile division going forward as reports this week claim that Google has managed to hire up an ex-Apple chip architect. The idea of Google producing its own hardware for future smartphones has been floating around for a while but with a chip development expert now in the ranks, it is closer than ever to reality. Specifically, Google has hired Manu Gulati, a former Apple micro-architect, who worked on Apple chip development for close to eight years. According to Variety, he just switched to Google’s team, with the new job title of lead SoC architect. This is a new position for Google, which currently buys all of its SoCs from third-party companies, like Qualcomm or even Texas Instruments. This move appears to be paving the way for a shift in focus to develop new SoC designs for the Google Pixel. While Google may design the chips though, it will still need to pay a fabricator to make them, like Samsung or TSMC. KitGuru Says: There has been talk of Google taking the ‘Apple approach’ to making smartphones for some time now. However, this move is the biggest indicator so far that Google will begin designing more of its own hardware. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags Apple Google news pixel soc Previous Super Mario Odyssey launches on Nintendo Switch this October Next Alienware is going all-in on Threadripper, Core-X and gaming peripherals Check Also Assassin’s Creed Origins has many editions, from £55 to £700 Ubisoft is no stranger to special editions with most of its games launching with more … Polls How much memory on your next gaming rig? Under 8GB 8GB 16GB 32GB Over 32GB View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# Mandsaur ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Exam results 2017 Kulbhushan Jadhav News Technology News Big investors, unfazed by techs' roller coaster, buy 'FANG' stocks Shares0 Tue, 13 Jun 2017-10:41pm , Reuters com Inc , Netflix Inc and Google-parent Alphabet Inc - during a two-day selloff that marked the largest tech sector decline in nearly a year. Large investors, whose high exposure to large-cap technology stocks boosted their returns during the first quarter of the year, are doubling down on their investments even as stocks like Apple Inc and Facebook Inc stumble. Fund managers such as T Rowe Price and Federated Investors, who were already overweight the sector, said they were buying beaten-down so-called 'FANG' stocks – Facebook, Amazon.com Inc , Netflix Inc and Google-parent Alphabet Inc - during a two-day selloff that marked the largest tech sector decline in nearly a year. Google, Apple and other large tech stocks rose modestly in morning trading Tuesday. Jeff Rottinghaus, portfolio manager of the T Rowe Price Large-Cap Core Equity fund, said he has been adding money to existing tech holdings such as Facebook and Amazon because they are positioned to continue to grow over the next few years regardless of the direction of the overall economy. With other secular growth stories hard to find, "It's getting to the point where you have to say, 'What else do you want me to own?'" he said, adding that these companies continue to be up significantly year-to-date despite recent declines. Analysts expect the S&P 500 technology index to grow its earnings by 12.4 percent this year, better than the S&P 500's 11.6-percent expected growth, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. About 40 percent of the stocks in the S&P 500 information technology index rose on Monday, including Qualcomm Inc and International Business Machines Corp, which have lagged in 2017. "This tech selloff is a great buying opportunity," said Navellier & Associates Chairman Louis Navellier, who bought shares of Micron Technology Inc, Applied Materials Inc , Arista Networks Inc and STMicroelectronics NV . In the 8-year-old bull market, investors have consistently been 'buying the dips,' taking advantage of brief pullbacks in prices, so large-cap stocks have not seen a 10-percent correction in well over a year. Although stocks are expensive by historical measures, bullish investors say they are justified by growth in earnings and the U.S. economy, while historically low bond yields are also making stocks more appealing. COMEBACK OF THE 'TRUMP TRADE?' The stumble in tech comes a time when both mutual funds and hedge funds have taken outsized bets on the sector, helping push Facebook, Amazon, Apple and Microsoft to add a total $600 billion in market cap year-to-date. Tech stocks in the S&P 500 rallied 21 percent for the year through June 2nd, with the largest companies accounting for 46 percent of the S&P 500's 9-percent gain, according to Goldman Sachs. That rally sent some tech-heavy tech funds soaring. In May, Light Street Capital Management's $1.2-billion Halogen fund was up 11 percent and is up 42.6 percent this year through the end of May. The head of the fund, Glen Kacher, started his career at Tiger Management, Julian Robertson's famous fund. Yet concerns that fund managers had piled into the same stocks and stretched their valuations helped prompt a selloff that began Friday and continued through Monday, sapping 5 percent or more from companies such as Apple. Momentum-based technology stocks have "built a valuation air pocket underneath creating cause for pause," Goldman Sachs wrote in a note Friday. Steve Chiavarone, a portfolio manager at Federated Investors in New York, said he saw the tech selloff as a sign that investors were feeling more confident that the Trump administration could pass infrastructure or tax legislation later this year. Last week's testimony by former FBI chief James Comey did not contain the sort of bombshell that investors had feared, Chiavarone said, prompting fund managers to rotate out of tech into sectors that have lagged. "It allowed folks to believe once again that Congress isn't going to be bogged down in a massive impeachment effort and could get some policy work done," he said, which would benefit energy and financial stocks that initially rallied following Trump's unexpected victory but lost their gains following Inauguration Day. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Science China launches 1st X-ray space telescope Science Sex in space? Babies born on other planets could be 'vastly different' Science Albert Einstein letters on quantum theory and God to be auctioned Mobile LG will most likely manufacture Google's next-gen Pixel XL smartphone Technology Humans will most likely find alien life within the next two decades Technology Jupiter is the oldest planet in solar system, explains study Next Article > Farm prescription: You can't treat a broken bone with painkillers Next node Farm prescription: You can't treat a broken bone with painkillers Video WATCH| Karachi shocker: Man arrested for driving pet lion through streets! WATCH: Lilly Singh aka Superwoman gives a hilarious geography lesson for racists WATCH | Aleppo boy who became face of Syrian war looks healthy and happy in this new video! View all Tags Federated Investors Goldman Sachs Google Congress International Business James Comey Microsoft New York Thomson Reuters Tiger Management S&P Amazon Apple Inc Facebook Inc Alphabet Inc Applied Materials Inc FBI International Business Machines Corp Julian Robertson Micron Technology Inc Netflix Inc Qualcomm Inc Thomson Reuters I/B/E U. S. com Inc SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Australia to hold first nationwide gun amnesty in 21 years Myanmar editor facing trial for posting satirical article 'Happy Mrs Jung-sook' begins work as S.Korea's first lady among equals U.S. acts to seize stolen assets, Picasso in probe of 1MDB 'Happy Mrs Jung-sook' begins works as S.Korea's first lady among equals Sports Golf-Fowler prefers his followers on leaderboard not social media Soccer-Sterling expects Man City to 'punish' opponents Agar in, Strac and O'Keefe out for Bangladesh tour Rugby-Western Force warrior Hodgson retires after 'toughest year' Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Friday, June 16 Entertainment Katrina Kaif is going to give tough competition to Salman Khan in Tiger Zinda Hai. And here is the proof Colbert wants Jackman to play him in a movie on Trump probe ?Inside Edge'-trailer-invite-is-all-about-love-passion-and-courage Salman Khan and Kris from Cartoon Network share 5 invaluable life lessons for kids! Reese Witherspoon goes on an adventure trip with son Deacon Business Sensex struggles to keep early momentum, IT a drag Indian rape victim sues Uber, its CEO for unlawfully obtaining More airlines ban TDP MP Reddy; minister orders probe Infosys appoints Karmesh Vaswani as Global Head of Retail & Nitesh Lead futures extend gains, up 0.11% on strong demand Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Big investors, unfazed by techs' roller coaster, buy 'FANG' stocks By Reuters Published: 13:10 EDT, 13 June 2017 | Updated: 13:10 EDT, 13 June 2017 e-mail By David Randall NEW YORK, June 13 (Reuters) - Large investors, whose high exposure to large-cap technology stocks boosted their returns during the first quarter of the year, are doubling down on their investments even as stocks like Apple Inc and Facebook Inc stumble. Fund managers such as T Rowe Price and Federated Investors, who were already overweight the sector, said they were buying beaten-down so-called 'FANG' stocks - Facebook, Amazon.com Inc , Netflix Inc and Google-parent Alphabet Inc - during a two-day selloff that marked the largest tech sector decline in nearly a year. Google, Apple and other large tech stocks rose modestly in morning trading Tuesday. Jeff Rottinghaus, portfolio manager of the T Rowe Price Large-Cap Core Equity fund, said he has been adding money to existing tech holdings such as Facebook and Amazon because they are positioned to continue to grow over the next few years regardless of the direction of the overall economy. With other secular growth stories hard to find, "It's getting to the point where you have to say, 'What else do you want me to own?'" he said, adding that these companies continue to be up significantly year-to-date despite recent declines. Analysts expect the S&amp;P 500 technology index to grow its earnings by 12.4 percent this year, better than the S&amp;P 500's 11.6-percent expected growth, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. About 40 percent of the stocks in the S&amp;P 500 information technology index rose on Monday, including Qualcomm Inc and International Business Machines Corp, which have lagged in 2017. "This tech selloff is a great buying opportunity," said Navellier &amp; Associates Chairman Louis Navellier, who bought shares of Micron Technology Inc, Applied Materials Inc , Arista Networks Inc and STMicroelectronics NV . In the 8-year-old bull market, investors have consistently been 'buying the dips,' taking advantage of brief pullbacks in prices, so large-cap stocks have not seen a 10-percent correction in well over a year. Although stocks are expensive by historical measures, bullish investors say they are justified by growth in earnings and the U.S. economy, while historically low bond yields are also making stocks more appealing. COMEBACK OF THE 'TRUMP TRADE?' The stumble in tech comes a time when both mutual funds and hedge funds have taken outsized bets on the sector, helping push Facebook, Amazon, Apple and Microsoft to add a total $600 billion in market cap year-to-date. Tech stocks in the S&amp;P 500 rallied 21 percent for the year through June 2nd, with the largest companies accounting for 46 percent of the S&amp;P 500's 9-percent gain, according to Goldman Sachs. That rally sent some tech-heavy tech funds soaring. In May, Light Street Capital Management's $1.2-billion Halogen fund was up 11 percent and is up 42.6 percent this year through the end of May. The head of the fund, Glen Kacher, started his career at Tiger Management, Julian Robertson's famous fund. Yet concerns that fund managers had piled into the same stocks and stretched their valuations helped prompt a selloff that began Friday and continued through Monday, sapping 5 percent or more from companies such as Apple. Momentum-based technology stocks have "built a valuation air pocket underneath creating cause for pause," Goldman Sachs wrote in a note Friday. Steve Chiavarone, a portfolio manager at Federated Investors in New York, said he saw the tech selloff as a sign that investors were feeling more confident that the Trump administration could pass infrastructure or tax legislation later this year. Last week's testimony by former FBI chief James Comey did not contain the sort of bombshell that investors had feared, Chiavarone said, prompting fund managers to rotate out of tech into sectors that have lagged. "It allowed folks to believe once again that Congress isn't going to be bogged down in a massive impeachment effort and could get some policy work done," he said, which would benefit energy and financial stocks that initially rallied following Trump's unexpected victory but lost their gains following Inauguration Day. (Additional reporting by Noel Randewich and Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Jennifer Ablan, Megan Davies and Nick Zieminski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS The icing on the cake: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's daughter North celebrates her fourth birthday at Chuck E Cheese's with a tiara fit for a princess and personalised balloons  'We hope to confirm a record tomorrow': Simon Cowell announces plans to release a fundraising single for victims of the Grenfell Tower blaze Bikini malfunction! Justin Bieber's rumoured ex Sahara Ray flashes her nipple piercing as her top falls off during Mexican beach photo shoot 'It's really scary stuff': Pregnant Ferne McCann flashes her bare bump in skimpy bikini while revealing she has bought her first home in preparation for single parenthood Ashton Kutcher reveals the name he and Mila Kunis almost picked out for son Dimitri... and it was fairy tale related Seven month old son  How much are YOU swayed by looks? We challenge 5 people to rate potential dates based on their answers and then from pictures... with VERY surprising results  SPONSORED Time to party! Kim Kardashian wears sweats and fitted tank for daughter North's birthday bash...with Kanye West and son Saint attending Lingerie-free Charlotte Dawson leaves NOTHING to imagination as she suffers EPIC wardrobe malfunction at star-studded Dangerous Game premiere   Olivia Newton-John's Chloe Lattanzi shares another revealing snap of herself after being criticised for looking 'unhealthy' in VERY slender snap  'I said I'd never do it and now I've got Caben!' Stephanie Davis reflects on how she didn't intend to fall for Jeremy McConnell... which led to the couple having a son Why I quit weed: Miley Cyrus candidly discusses her bold decision to stop smoking marijuana on Jimmy Fallon  Keeping up with her curves! Kylie Jenner flaunts her full chest in skintight top for Snapchat Suddenly shy? Bella Thorne covers her face with scarf wrapped around her head... after 'former fling Scott Disick sent her roses' Swim season! Supermodel Karolina Kurkova flaunts her incredible figure in red bikini and patterned bathing suits for photo shoot in Miami Shish kebab, chicken bravas with garlic aioli and calamari with seasoned rice: Why eating healthily this summer just got a WHOLE lot more fun  SPONSORED Spot on! Paris Hilton looks pretty in sheer LBD as she attends What We Started screening in Santa Monica Pretty in polka dots  SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' new family make a mark on Walford as matriarch Karen PUNCHES Sharon following tense run in about Keegan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: New mum Binky Felstead covers up as she leaves hospital with beau JP, their baby girl... and a cameraman from their spin-off show Reporting for mom duty! Angelina Jolie dresses in head-to-toe black as she heads to military supply store with son Knox Woody Allen roasts former girlfriend Diane Keaton while presenting her with AFI Lifetime Achievement Award Playboy's Carla Howe is left red-faced as she sheds underwear beneath mini... as Holly Rickwood the SAME dress at Dangerous Game premiere 'I told her she was scum!' Marnie Simpson reveals how she found out about Lewis' cheating... and what happened when she confronted girl  She's in vacation mode! Reese Witherspoon is summer chic in pink stripped dress with beach umbrella pattern on LA shopping trip Corinne Olympios walks her dog in LA as she is seen for first time since drunk encounter with DeMario shut down Bachelor In Paradise production Twitter pokes fun at Jay Z over stream-of-consciousness rant on his influences including 'greatest rapper of all-time Obama' Music mogul  'We wouldn't still be married if I was as miserable as I look': Victoria Beckham poses in plunging swimsuit and reveals key to happy relationship with David Chyna shops! Blac is hell bent for leather in tight trousers as she indulges in retail therapy session Screen siren Hayley Atwell showcases her signature vintage style in figure-hugging forties inspired dress as she leads the charge at Hamlet opening Ravishing in red! Kelly Rowland shows off her incredible figure in a flared velour jumpsuit as she performs at the launch of new Coca-Cola drink Fancy meeting you here! Jessica Biel explodes with joy after bumping into pal during casual stroll in New York Beaming broadly  'We just want to see how tight your a** is': Emmy Rossum was asked to audition for a role in a bikini so director could see if she 'was fat now' Still got it! Evergreen Cindy Crawford, 51, stuns in a blue shift dress as she steps out to promote San Benedetto water in Venice Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia Gerber rocks double denim in a jacket and shorts as she enjoys outing with gal pal in New York Chic and cheerful  Ready to Kick-Ass! Chloe Grace Moretz carries cup of coffee as she arrives on set of new Louis CK movie Gwyneth Paltrow looks like she's been crying as she covers her face in NYC after announcing she has pretty much retired from acting to run Goop Empire state of style! Olivia Munn is a fierce fashionista in a cute black patterned midi dress as she steps out in New York Fancy in florals  Mom on duty! Alessandra Ambrosio goes comfortable in T-shirt and tiny shorts enjoys a day out with her mini-me daughter Anja in LA All grown up! Lorde stuns in a cream Victorian-inspired gown as she makes an appearance on Jimmy Fallon Vintage vibes  Hot mama! Paige Butcher rocks Daisy Dukes while carrying baby Izzy on bonding trip with beau Eddie Murphy's kids in LA Holy tribute! Bat Signal shines over the sky in downtown Los Angeles in honor of late Batman star Adam West She said yes! Actress Eliza Dushku announces her engagement to businessman Peter Palandjian with sweet Instagram snap Perfect pair  The new family moved in - a chance to reflect more on multi-cultural London. But the Taylors were thicker than other EastEnders characters, by Jim Shelley The Saturday's Una Healy and Vanessa White enjoy a rare reunion as they lead the style at intimate rooftop gig in London 'It's a shame as she was passionate about making it a success': Louise Redknapp 'liquidates' make-up company over £1.7 million loss... after denying 'false' claims of rift with husband Jamie Kesha dazzles in a colorful pant suit as she clutches onto boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter's hand while walking through LAX airport  Suited and booted  TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her enviable curves and honed pins in skintight mini dress as she leads the charge at London fashion launch 'I'd always want to get his critique and approval': Geri Horner admits she would run everything in her life past her late friend George Michael... especially music and men Date night! Luke Hemsworth suits up alongside wife Samantha at premiere of Tupac biography All Eyez On Me Cute couple  'I messed up': Elizabeth Banks apologizes for saying Steven Spielberg 'never' casts female leads... as she's told he created The Color Purple Leggy Nancy Dell'Olio, 55, shows off age-defying good looks in plunging blazer with coordinating mini skirt as she glams up for charity dinner   Raiding Sam's wardrobe? Lara Bingle steps out in an oversized khaki shirt and baggy trousers during stroll in New York Feeling all white? Jordan Barrett, 20, flashes his forearm tattoo as he offers a brooding pout in New York City after being linked to Bella Hadid Rise and fall of Whitney the tragic star: Can I Be Me? is an engrossing music documentary that is also terribly sad  Real Madrid star Gareth Bale dotes on daughter Nava as he takes a coastal stroll with fiancée Emma-Rhys Jones and their children in Malibu Never mind The Full Monty, this was turning into Up Pompeii! CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV Busy mom! Natalie Portman has her hands full as she jets out of LA with baby daughter Amalia and son Aleph 'I vowed to NEVER go back': Love Island 'posh girl' Montana sneers at 'heavy drinker' Sam's native Middlesbrough... as the lumbered pair consider coupling up No wonder she's smiling! Hollywood star Rebel Wilson could be awarded 'TENS of millions' after winning her defamation case against Woman's Day Is this what made her dump Tyga? Kylie Jenner is warned by a medium that she needs to 'set boundaries' on an 'unhealthy relationship' On cloud nine! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa can't stop smiling on dinner date with new beau wearing thigh-high boots and flirty floral dress Jet setting couple! Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan catch a flight out of LAX Cesc Fabregas' girlfriend Daniella Semaan displays her post-baby body in sheer maxi dress during Ibiza break with fellow WAG Antonella Roccuzzo Flower Power! Ashley James shows off her ample bust and taut midriff in floral pink lingerie as she strikes a sultry pose in Barcelona Thor gets hammered! Actor Chris Hemsworth shockingly snaps his surfboard while battling stormy swell on Gold Coast Love Island series one victor Jess Hayes shows off her eye-popping curves in candyfloss pink bikini during sun-drenched getaway  Little Mix's Jesy Nelson ditches the make-up as she goes completely bare-faced in striking stripped back snap Natural beauty Lusty lady! Khloe Kardashian puts her chest on display in leather sweetheart bustier to sell new Good American zip-up mini skirt Is that you, Miss Cundy?! Lizzie is demure in floaty princess gown as she turns back on scanty looks for Dangerous Game premiere All star line up! One Direction's Niall Horan to join Katy Perry and Miley Cyrus's sister Noah on The Voice's grand finale The 23-year-old shared the exciting news Lily Allen accuses the media of 'downplaying' the Grenfell Tower tragedy by deliberately underestimating the death toll - which she claims is 'closer to 150'  'It was kind of genius!' Comedian Chris Rock praises Jerry Seinfeld for THAT awkward red carpet snub with Kesha 'You're not funny, not intense, you're too young or too old': Naomi Watts on 'constant rejection' throughout her Hollywood career during a Q&A on Reddit Suri Cruise sports cute bow in her hair and a pretty pink dress as she steps out with laidback mum Katie Holmes in New York Two of a kind  Heaven scent! Poppy Delevingne flashes her cleavage in plunging white summer dress as she joins Jaime King at Los Angeles fragrance launch Fashion forward Olivia Palermo cuts a stylish figure as she works daring white suit at luxury beauty launch in London From Louboutins to flip flops! Jennifer Lopez looks dressed down on Shades Of Blue set after sexing it up for music video Leonardo DiCaprio forced to hand back Marlon Brando's Oscar gifted to him by 'corrupt' production partners as federal investigation into stolen $540m continues He's definitely tied the knot! David Beckham shows off his man bun after touching down in New York... as he prepares for 18th wedding anniversary with wife Victoria Power play! Sukhvinder SACKS Kayleigh as deputy mayor and forces her to become 'unemployed'... causing her to launch into a foul-mouthed rant about her Big Brother housemates Salud! Jennifer Lopez pours up shots as she shimmers in sequined robe on music video set with Cuban group Gente de Zona Under his spell! Miley Cyrus wears earrings spelling out fiancé Liam Hemsworth's name but jokes she had to buy them herself because he's a 'cheapskate' What an ace! Serena Williams shows off burgeoning baby belly while dominating on tennis court despite being seven months pregnant Mission accomplished! Salma Hayek departs LAX in casual chic style after promoting new film Beatriz At Dinner Dazzling in denim  'I love you baba': Bikini-clad Lottie Moss flaunts her perky posterior as she gushes over beau Alex Mytton in birthday tribute on Ibiza break Zoe Kravitz looks pretty in pink as her Rough Night promo tour rolls on in New York Promoting her multiple projects 'Can't wait to make her Mrs Osborne': TOWIE hunk Dan shares tribute to fiancée Jacqueline Jossa... as they set tongues wagging about wedding date Stephanie Davis looks downcast as she arrives in London following brief getaway... while Jeremy McConnell faces police probe following clash 'She was hugging everyone': Adele is lauded by fans as she makes appearance at scene of tragic Grenfell Tower less than 24 hours after fatal fire Kelly Ripa models hairy 'dad bod' bathing suit on talk show... and jokes she'll wear it every day Laverne Cox poses up a storm outside ABC's The View... after demonstrating her 'signature dance move' Married! RHOA star Kenya Moore weds a businessman in St Lucia... but does not want to reveal his identity yet Greek tragedy! TOWIE's Amber Turner and Jade Lewis' bitter feud has hotted up again after the pair came FACE-TO-FACE while stranded on the same cruise ship in Mykonos Just like dad! Patrick Schwarzenegger, 23, channels his father Arnold, 69, by showing off his muscular chest on a Los Angeles beach Braless Chloe Lloyd shows off her stunning figure in flimsy Bardot top with dazzling flares as she hits glamorous magazine bash Karrueche Tran finally granted five year restraining order against ex Chris Brown after threats of violence Wanted temporary order made permanent Will Ferrell and John Lithgow lock lips as fellow grandad Mel Gibson enters the fray in first trailer for Daddy's Home 2 Game Of Thrones star Alfie Allen packs on the PDA with topless blonde companion as they hit the beach during romantic Spanish getaway 'So nice to have a kitchen': Inside the lavish properties John Legend has been calling home as he tours the US with Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna Mommy's mini-me! Heidi Klum goes on shopping spree with her look-alike daughter Leni, 13, in New York City Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield are praised by This Morning fans as they film live from Borough Market less than two weeks after terror attack Age-defying Goldie Hawn, 71, looks sensational in a plunging black swimsuit on sun-soaked Greece boat trip with Kurt Russell David Hasselhoff's daughter Hayley strikes plea deal to install breathalyzer in her car following DUI Arrested last month  'I had to let something go': Aisha Tyler tearfully announces she will be leaving The Talk after six years as host The 46-year-old actress was consoled by her fellow co-hosts  Lauren Goodger hits the gym with her personal trainer in Essex... amid claims she's struggling to maintain her strict fitness regime Gigi Hadid nails city girl chic as she appears sophisticated in baby-blue sweater and high-waisted trousers during New York jaunt  She's got the baby blues Model Iskra Lawrence teases at her famed curves in stomach-grazing crop top and maxi skirt out in New York City She never goes out of style! Julia Roberts, 49, re-creates Pretty Woman shopping scene during commercial for Italian fashion brand Calzedonia Looks like Kendall doesn't have Kylie's magic with make-up! Estee Lauder is discontinuing sister brand fronted by the model, because it is 'no longer necessary' Style sisters! Princess Madeleine is fabulous in florals while her sibling Victoria stuns in silver as they join their parents and brother at a music awards in Stockholm Radiant Jessica Alba looks oh so chic as she carries $2,000 designer handbag paired with stylish monochrome ensemble in NYC They Can Feel The Love! Elton John plants a tender kiss on husband David Furnish as they attend summer wedding with sweet sons Elijah and Zachary . TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou frames her ample bust in a racy red cut-out swimsuit as she parties alongside beau James Lock and Dan Osborne in Mallorca Amy Childs looks glum as she is seen for the first time since splitting from jailbird beau Bradley Wright... just SIX WEEKS after the birth of daughter 'My mum is disappointed': Liam Gallagher reveals mother's regret at Noel missing One Love concert... and reveals he's been writing GRIME James 'Arg' Argent puts on a cosy display with personal trainer Victoria Winterford on a date in Essex... after wooing science student Cadah Draper 'One of the greatest thrills of my life': Larry King, 83, beams with sons Cannon, 19, and Chance, 20, as elder brother gets drafted by MLB A Thorne in his side? 'Bashful Scott Disick sends former fling Bella roses' after she publicly slammed him... but ex Kourtney Kardashian receives VERY similar bouquet Superbod! Jonah Hill looks buff in Lovin' Life T-shirt after shedding 40lbs as he's seen on the LA set of his directorial debut Mid '90s Pregnant Cara De La Hoyde showcases her blossoming baby bump in a yellow crochet bikini as she makes a splash on the beach in Spain Bump on the beach  'It's human and normal': Amber Davies' mum is unfazed by daughter having sex on Love Island... and approves of love interest Kem Cetinay 'At least I tried': Diplo recruits James Corden as he makes fun at being ranked third best in bed by ex-girlfriend Katy Perry A tangerine dream! Imogen Thomas shows off her toned curves in an orange bikini as she treats herself to an ice lolly on the beach in Mallorca 'Please don't do this to our movies': Seth Rogen joins growing army of irate Hollywood stars as studio releases 'clean' family-versions of their films  Still heavenly! Charlie's Angels vet Jaclyn Smith, 71, looks slender in suit... after revealing she drinks kale and broccoli smoothies for breakfast 'I could lose all my teeth': Loose Women's Nadia Sawalha reveals how she gets botox to help her grinding and has lost one tooth to Bruxism Sizzling Chantel Jeffries leaves little to the imagination as she goes braless in crop top and white jeans while heading to DJing gig She's a fashion superhero! Gal Gadot forgoes designer stilettos at the Wonder Woman premiere for a pair of affordable '90s favorites Elizabeth Banks reveals she was told to get a boob job by an agent when she was first starting out in Hollywood Stayed natural  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in plunging 50s-style dress as she visits 'boyfriend' Julian Assange Stepping out in style  Sofia Richie bares her tanned and toned stomach during Hollywood restaurant outing with guy pal Looking good  'I am proud I get to raise my boys to love women': Elizabeth Banks on raising her sons to be feminists, as she urges men to watch female-led movies Emotional Rita Ora lends her support to the Grenfell Tower relief effort after horrific blaze at her 'childhood haunt' leaves at least 12 dead and 50 unaccounted for 'I don't need any big parties': Nicole Kidman reveals plans for a low-key 50th birthday with 'divine' husband Keith Urban and her children Making a hospital visit? Jay Z leaves his Beverly Hills mansion amid rumours that wife Beyonce has 'given birth to twin boy and girl' at LA medical centre Their love is permanent! Ariel Winter, 19, and boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, get two matching tattoos... after she has a snake inked on her arm Kim Kardashian is accused of 'blackface' by Twitter users who claim her skin was made 'darker' for photo released to celebrate make-up collection 'I'd like to go full 50 Shades with him': Blushing Liam Payne bursts out laughing as he reads out filthy fan tweets on Radio 1 Cheeky  'You're amazing!': Gemma Collins moans in delight as stripper Lotan Carter treats her and Marnie Simpson to a sensuous massage in the Big Brother house She should give her glam squad a raise! Hailey Baldwin is nearly unrecognizable with no makeup on and hair pulled back in NYC Low-key look  'Pregnant' Carey Mulligan displays her rounded bump in oversized blue shirt as she resumes filming for BBC crime drama Collateral Low-key Jennifer Lawrence steps out for the first time since frightening emergency landing of her private plane Keeping it casual  Yoko Ono could get songwriting credit for husband John Lennon's seminal track Imagine 46 years after its first release Influenced by her poetry 'I had no idea!' Idina Menzel reveals the global success of Frozen took her by surprise... before she sings duet with 'biggest fan' Stacey Solomon 'A lot of people don't realize their power!': Spider-Man: Homecoming star Zendaya talks standing up for herself as she appears on Vogue 90s kid: Bella Hadid goes braless in a bardot top and combat trousers as she heads out to dinner with denim-clad sister Gigi Twice as nice  'I want to leave!': Kayleigh Morris vows to QUIT BB after blasting Marnie Simpson's friendship with 'ugly' Charlotte Crosby... as her nemesis hits back  Baywatch babe Jasmin Walia flaunts her phenomenal bikini body in a striking scarlet two-piece as she hits the beach in Ibiza Beach babe  Make-up free Irina Shayk flashes incredibly flat midriff shopping at farmer's market... just three months after welcoming baby with Bradley Cooper Starlet in stripes: Zendaya flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming blue tutu as she poses with co-star Tom Holland for Spider-Man photocall in London Life's a beach! Shirtless Pierce Brosnan and swimsuit-clad wife Keely Shaye Smith enjoy another day by the sea in Sardinia Fun in the sun  From reality star to model! Blac Chyna poses up a storm in racy outfits to plug her clothing line as she takes break from TV's Rob & Chyna Sister act! Sam Faiers dotes on little Paul as Billie shows off her post-baby body in tiny shorts on day out with their cute kids in Essex  Baby love  Kimberley Garner puts on a stylish display in plunging halterneck top and tight-fitting jeans as she enjoys a stroll in Chelsea Taking the plunge  'We couldn't have wished for a kinder and bigger-hearted boy': Sweden's Princess Madeleine pays tribute to her son Nicolas as he turns two  TOWIE's Mario Falcone viciously lashes out at co-star Amber Turner as he insists Jamie Reed cheating saga was a 'disgusting' publicity ruse Mixed signals: Kiss star Gene Simmons tries to trademark the 'rock on' hand sign... but it's also the American Sign Language gesture for 'love' Sending pulses racing! Jenson Button's model girlfriend Brittny Ward oozes sex appeal as she goes completely topless for saucy Instagram snaps From one court to another! Rebel Wilson blows off steam during a tennis lesson with Todd Woodbridge before winning defamation case against magazine Pregnant Julia Stiles shows her baby bump in a low-cut dress with a subtle star print as she attends Paris photocall for her new TV series Riviera Jet-set chic: Elegant Olivia Munn touches down in Washington DC airport in a flowing white midi dress and matching platform shoes Flying in style  Kate Upton shows off her ample assets and sensational curves in a plunging figure-hugging blue dress as she joins Rumer Willis for vodka bash Jamie Foxx hits the red carpet with his daughters for the premiere of Baby Driver after arriving in $2million Bugatti supercar Trying to keep a low profile? Jordan Barrett, 20, wears a scarf over his head as he slurps soup with a mystery male friend... after Bella Hadid denied romance  I'm not a con artist, I didn't con people, that was just me': Katy Perry says she's evolved in her image and career as time has progressed  Moving on  'I'm too skinny.... I am in so much pain': Chloe Lattanzi addresses 'unhealthy' picture and says she was 'sobbing for an hour' after being criticised online The Queen and Duke of Edinburgh pay an emotional tribute to 18 children who lost their lives when a WWI bomb hit an East End primary school Sylvester Stallone's daughter Sophia, 20, slips into lacy bralette as she joins her father and sisters Sistine and Scarlet for family dinner in LA Wearing her heart on her sleeve! Openly pansexual Miley Cyrus continues to show her pride in a colorful co-ord and crop top  Looking good  Sheer illusion: Rachel McCord tricks the eye in a nude swimsuit and lacy cover up as she poses for a daring hillside photoshoot Turning heads  Make-up free Elle Fanning exhibits her toned stomach in a skimpy pink sports bra and tiny shorts as she heads to the gym in LA Fabulously fit  'I feel violated!' Shocked Gemma Collins is left disgusted as Big Brother's Chanelle McCleary URINATES on her in the hot tub  Shocked Big Brother's Kayleigh launches vile tirade over Marnie Simpson's friendship with 'ugly' Charlotte Crosby... after her man got star's face tattooed on his leg Manchester United defender Matteo Darmian marries fiancee Francesca Cormanni in traditional ceremony Newlyweds  Braless Katherine Jenkins shows off some sideboob in beautiful metallic blue dress with lace-up detail at launch of new hair collection Flesh flashing  'The strength of this community is magic': Prince Harry pays a poignant tribute to the heroes and victims of the Borough Market terror attack  Kirsty Gallacher puts on a leggy display in a figure-hugging top and pencil skirt... ahead of her sister Laura's wedding to Russell Brand Theo Walcott's wife Melanie puts on a stylish display in striped playsuit as she enjoys day out with footballer and sons Finley and Arlo during getaway in Rome A bella bombshell! Khloe Kardashian shows off her curves in tight black mini dress that is both low-cut and super short as she leaves Italian restaurant Ansel Elgort's girlfriend Violetta Komyshan wears revealing dress to Baby Driver premiere in LA... before cutting some shapes with her beau  It's not even Twilight yet! Ashley Greene and fiance Paul Khoury put on a VERY enamoured display as they pack on the PDA at Baby Driver premiere Flower power: Lily James shows off her fabulous figure in a structured floral midi dress at the Los Angeles premiere of Baby Driver Georgia May Jagger flaunts her enviably toned stomach in tiny crop top as she's joined by trendy pal Suki Waterhouse for her clothing launch in LA Tattoo time! Ariel Winter takes to Snapchat to share new body art of sinuous snake slithering on forearm Inked up  What's the time Mr Wolverine? Hugh Jackman looks suave as he models a chic wristwatch at Montblanc Heritage launch Dapper  'When swimwear becomes your attire for the day': Coco Austin squeezes her eye-popping curves and tiny waist into skin tight swimsuit Using lingerie to sell lipstick! Kylie Jenner poses in a sheer lace bra to plug Lip Kit shade... but this is far from a new trick Here we go Back on dad duty! Scott Disick reunites with his children for lunch outing... as Bella Thorne dishes about his drinking and partying in Cannes The Best Of Both Worlds! Miley Cyrus goes undercover in a brunette wig and shades as she goes busking with Jimmy Fallon in the New York subway Ruth Wilson looks elegant in a tailored blush trouser suit at star-studded LAMDA gala... as fans go wild for the return of Luther Pretty in pink 'It's got NOTHING to do with race!' Big Brother viewers are baffled as Hannah Agboola turns a tiff about spaghetti into an attack on her Nigerian heritage American beach beauty! Mena Suvari shows off her sensational figure in a black bikini while sunbathing in Malibu Beach babe  'Every year is precious': Dannii Minogue reveals sister Kylie has been quietly 'celebrating' since split from 'cheating' ex-fiancé Joshua Sasse Crossing guard! Hilary Duff flashes her toned pins as she keeps a close eye on son Luca as he scoots across the road Doting mummy  Rebel Wilson reveals she got through trial by imagining 'kissing Liam Hemsworth' during stressful parts... as she WINS defamation case against magazine  . 'I wouldn't even consider that I would have a chance!' Jimmy Fallon reveals why he rejected Nicole Kidman's advances TWICE Grin City: Jessica Alba keeps it casual in a striped shirt and cropped jeans as she strolls through NYC with a friend Chic and cheerful  'He's a national treasure': Love Island viewers rejoice as 'nicest man ever' Marcel FINALLY gets lucky... following steamy kiss with newbie Gabby 'I'd never be romantic if she's been with a lot of guys': Love Island newbie Mike shapes up to be the villa bad boy as he sets his sights on taken Jess and Amber All eyes on her! Kat Graham dazzles in a sheer black dress that shows off her fabulous figure  at the LA premiere of Tupac Shakur biopic White hot! Zoe Kravitz looks gorgeous in a figure-hugging dress at the New York premiere of her movie Gemini alongside co-star Lola Kirke For a good cause! Nicky Hilton wows in purple frock for animal charity gala with husband James Rothschild Puppy love  Glamorous Pamela Anderson cuts a demure figure in nude floor-grazing gown as she leads the style at Global Gift Gala Striking  The A-list entourage! Leonardo DiCaprio enjoys stroll with pals Tobey Maguire and Orlando Bloom in New York  Boys' day out  Khloe Kardashian wells up with emotion remembering her beloved father Robert Kardashian Sr. on Hollywood Medium Emotional  'Your parents must be so proud!' Dean Gaffney enjoys a night out with girlfriend Rebekah Ward after launching angry tirade against Love Island Jet-setting duo! Robin Thicke, 40, and gorgeous girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, return to LA after romantic Parisian vacation Jet set style  Flower power: Karlie Kloss looks stunning in a floral creation as she steps out for the Fragrance Foundation Awards in New York City Fancy in florals  Rising star! Maddie Ziegler, 14,  makes movie debut as The Song Of Henry premieres at Los Angeles Film Festival Teen sensation  'You need to start making it sound like you're f***ing sweating blood': James McAvoy claims actors are told to lie about how gruelling a role was to win awards  Sun's out, buns out! Johnny Manziel's fiancée Bre Tiesi strolls along beach in Miami in strapless nude bikini Hard to miss as she hit the beach  'I smell something fishy': EastEnders viewers take to Twitter in their droves after they hilariously clock the Minute Mart selling Tesco Value fish fingers Hitting the shops! Mandy Moore looks stylish in midi summer dress as she steps out for retail therapy in Beverly Hills Effortlessly chic  'Don't ever call me that, it hurts my feelings': Hailey Baldwin scolds critics who call her an 'Insta model' while insisting she 'works her a** off' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Is Google the next company to enter the mobile processor business? +4,408 Andrew Myrick Jun 13th, 2017 Last year saw Google change its course when it comes to its lineup of smartphones as the company brought us an unbranded device without making any mention of which OEM was producing it. However, it seems Google is looking to get even more serious about its smartphones after a new report claims that the company has hired a chip architect from Apple. For some background, Apple develops all of its hardware in-house, and then uses a manufacturing firm to create the devices before making their way to the hands of millions. This includes the processors used in the iPhone, as Apple doesn’t use chips from the likes of Qualcomm like many other OEM’s do. Manu Gulati has been working with Apple on its processors for the last 8 years and hopes to help Google progress its own smartphones to be more Apple-like. This may not be the best comparison to use, but you could also look at it as a comparison to Samsung with its Exynos lineup of processors. According to the same report, Google has also opened up more than a few job opportunities so that it can “tightly control future Pixel hardware”. Hopefully, Google follows through on this move and ends up producing its own processors as it would be an interesting look to the current scenery of Android smartphones, many of which are powered by Qualcomm SoCs. [Variety] local_offer    Apple   Google   processors   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (5) stars Further Reading Google Now transparent design Pixel Launcher crosses 1 million downloads Android Excellence highlights top apps and games Android Auto experiencing a music bug Google will keep two devices in the Pixel 2 lineup stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertTop 5 Apps of the Week closeTop 5 Android Apps of the Week (June 9, 2017) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 2 more_vertTurn old phone into Google Home closeHow to turn an old phone into a Google Home You probably already have a device with Google Assistant (or the old Google voice search) built-in. Why not save $130 and make your own Google Home? 3 more_vertGoogle posts support deadline for Pixel, Nexus hardware closePSA: Google stops guaranteeing support for Pixel and Nexus devices the day they stop receiving updates Google has updated their support documents to note the time period which Pixel and Nexus owners can expect to receive support for their devices, both online or over the phone. 4 more_vertThe OnePlus 5 will start at $479 closeReport: The OnePlus 5 will be priced at $479 and will include 6GB RAM A new report claims that the OnePlus 5 will come in two variants; one with 6GB of RAM and another with 8GB of RAM. Pricing for the device is claimed to start at $479. 5 more_vertWhy US Sony phones don't use fingerprint sensors closeWe might finally know the real reason Sony couldn’t bring fingerprint sensors to the US, and it’s all Apple’s fault We’ve known that something was keeping Sony from using fingerprint sensors in the US, but now we know. It’s all Apple’s fault. Of course it’s Apple’s fault. 6 more_vertSamsung working on GPU closeSamsung is rumored to have created its own GPU for phones Samsung makes a lot of their smartphone components in-house, including the display and processors (in some models). A new rumor suggests they’re working on their own GPUs as well. 7 more_vertHTC U11 unboxing and first impressions [VIDEO] closeHTC U11 unboxing and first impressions [VIDEO] The HTC U11 is now officially available for purchase and with that, the Samsung Galaxy S8 just met its biggest competition yet. For more on our first impressions with the device, check out the post. 8 more_vertAndroid Auto experiencing a music bug closeGoogle Play Music on Android Auto not working? Google knows, and here’s a workaround Many Android Auto users have been chiming in regarding an issue that throws out an error message anytime they try to play music through Google Play Music, but Google is on the case, and here’s a workaround for you in the meantime. 9 more_vertGalaxy Note 8 may be first Snapdragon 836-powered smartphone closeSamsung Galaxy Note 8 rumored to be powered by Snapdragon 836 Rumors suggest the Galaxy Note 8 will be the first phone to arrive powered by the Snapdragon 836 processor. 10 more_vertGear S3 at Verizon closeSamsung Gear S3 Frontier and Classic are finally available at Verizon After nearly six months of waiting, the Samsung Gear S3 family is available at Verizon. Both the Gear S3 Frontier and Gear S3 Classic are on sale for $400 or $350 with a two-year contract. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Black History Month Politics News Videos Zika Virus Recalls 230989619 Family Focus Speaker Request Partners Resources Calendar Request Initiatives 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Missing Children 7250151 Sports Super Bowl Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More The best ways to send money online — comparing Venmo, PayPal, Apple Pay and more by: Fiza Pirani, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution Updated: Jun 13, 2017 - 10:57 AM The Apple Pay logo is displayed in a mobile kiosk sponsored by Visa and Wells Fargo to demonstrate the new Apple Pay mobile payment system on October 20, 2014 in San Francisco City. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images With the rise of peer-to-peer payment services like Venmo, splitting the check with friends or reminding your sibling to pay you back isn’t as tiresome as it once was. » RELATED: The hottest products, iOS 11 features announced at Apple’s big developer conference The services, which allow users to send money to others online or through apps, continue to gain popularity in the U.S. for their convenience (and the fact that fewer Americans carry cash these days). >> Read more trending news While you may only be familiar with popular apps like PayPal or Venmo, there are a countless number of services out there. Just recently, Apple announced the feature as part of Apple Pay, and big banks are reportedly collaborating on their own service. » RELATED: 7 hidden iPhone tricks you probably never knew about To help you narrow down the best P2P pick for you, we’ve rounded up a guide to the most popular, highly rated apps and services in the tech community. Venmo Venmo is one of the most popular P2P services out there, beloved for its highly rated iOS and Android apps, which add a little social fun to an effortless transaction between friends, and its split option, which allows users to split checks between friends. You can either use a credit card, debit card, checking account or your Venmo balance (a collection of money you’ve received from others or manually added yourself).  » RELATED: 3 costly mistakes when sending money online However, using a credit card or non-major debit card will yield a 2.9 percent fee. Venmo also offers a nudge feature through which users can remind friends about missing payments without having to ask flat-out. What some critics say: Security can be a bit of an issue if you’re not careful. Don’t use Venmo with anyone you don’t trust or don’t know. Because the app doesn’t automatically log you out, it’s important to make sure your phone has a solid security passcode when you use Venmo. PayPal     PayPal is the most popular P2P used online, with nearly 200 million active accounts worldwide, according to NerdWallet. The mobile app is widely used, too.  In this photo illustration, an eBay website is seen on a computer screen and the PayPal website is seen on an iphone on September 30, 2014 in Miami, Florida. Joe Raedle/Getty Images Users are able to add loyalty cards to the app for free, but paying with a credit or debit card adds a fee of three percent plus 30 cents. Security is almost a non-issue with PayPal, which doesn’t require account or routing numbers or credit cards. The company also offers purchase protection under the “goods and services” option for users transacting with people they don’t know well. What some critics say: PayPal used to require users to log into a website and fill out a form before requesting money, which many app users found frustrating. But in 2015, the company added a feature called PayPal.me, which creates a personalized, shareable URL. Whoever has the link can then easily complete the charge request. The app itself, however, is still criticized for its interface. Though it isn’t as quick and simple as Venmo, PayPal is still the most used P2P globally. Google Wallet You can now send & request money in the Gmail app on Android! It's as easy as tapping the attach icon. Try it today! https://t.co/Y7qVclyprZ pic.twitter.com/qLvw0iPX3B — Google Wallet (@googlewallet) March 16, 2017 Anyone with a Google account can access Wallet, a web and mobile app with a Venmo-inspired clean interface. Not only can users send person-to-person payments via text message, Wallet users also have the ability to pay for goods and services, such as YouTube movie rentals, PCMag reported. Google Wallet also has the highest daily spending limits ($9,999 single transaction limit; $50,000 limit in a 5-day period) compared to other P2P services, including Venmo ($2,999 daily spending limit). » RELATED: Man involved in $1,200 PayPal mistake hopes to inspire others What some critics say: Though Google Wallet has the highest daily spending limits, the service also charges the highest fees. Adding money using a credit or debit card will cost users 2.9 percent, compared to Venmo’s 3 percent tax on credit cards only. Square Cash and Facebook’s Payments services both only support debit cards and have zero transaction fees. Square Cash LAUNCH! Now you can keep some money in the app, and cash out instantly whenever you want. Check it out! pic.twitter.com/l815tYAaXf — Cash App (@SquareCash) February 29, 2016 This straightforward P2P app might not be as popular as Venmo or Google Wallet, but it is considered one of the most visually-appealing and easy-to-use P2P services. One thing that helps Square Cash stand out among others is its Apple Watch integration, which allows users to send or receive money to friends and family nearby via Bluetooth. What some critics say: “Good, but not the best,” is how PCMag described Square Cash, citing its lack of credit card support, low spending limits and its $Cashtag system (a personal link anyone can create to send or receive money without having to ask for phone numbers, email addresses, etc.) as cons. Apple Pay The new iOS 11 update, which launches later this year, will offer P2P payments through messages, allowing users to send and receive cash via iMessage. For enhanced security, the feature will be integrated with Touch ID authentication.  What some critics say: A noted drawback to using Apple Pay via iMessage is that any money you receive won’t go directly to your bank account. Instead, the cash will flow into an Apple Pay cash card (sort of like a gift card to be used in iTunes, app store, etc.) and requires manually transferring the money to your bank. One critic called the move “a psychological trick to keep you spending.” But because iOS doesn’t launch until later, many critics are waiting before offering full product reviews. Payments in Facebook Messenger Nearly everyone you talk to is probably on Facebook, so finding other users to send money to or request money from is incredibly easy, though the receiver isn’t required to have an account at all. The payments feature is available in the Facebook Messenger app and requires a debit card (with PIN-based protection) on both ends of the transaction. iPhone users can enable Touch ID for efficiency. As of April, the service also supports group payments in group chats, allowing users to split a bill or pay individual group members with the click of the $ icon in the app. What some critics say: While Facebook helps connect people all over the world, the P2P service in Facebook Messenger is limited to U.S. residents and requires a debit card from a U.S. bank for transactions. Critics warn users to only use the feature with people they know well as Facebook doesn’t have fraud protection protocols. Zelle #MeetZelle—a new way to move money. Simple. Quick. It may even be fun! #Money2020 pic.twitter.com/jQHW368MBK — Zelle (@Zelle) October 24, 2016 Five of the largest American banks (JPMorgan, Bank of America Corp, Wells Fargo & Co, U.S. Bancorp and Capital One Financial Corp) recently collaborated to launch this P2P service meant to connect account holders through one single network instead of having to pick and choose from several P2P service options. While banks hope to benefit by reducing costs from handling checks and cash, there are certainly some user perks. The tool allows inter-bank money transfers between more than 30 major U.S. banks through each company’s app, so you don’t have to download an entire new app for different banks. You’ll be able to use the Zelle P2P service from within the bank app you probably already have on your phone. There’s a full list of participating banks on the Zelle website, but if you don’t see yours there, you can still use the tool by signing up with digital payments network clearXchange. Once you sign up, you can pay your contacts using either their email address or phone number. The program will integrate into dozens of mobile banking apps, and a standalone app is on its way later in the year. Eventually, the service will become available through 30 U.S. banks. What the critics say: To some, Zelle may be “yet another redundant option” in a world of endless P2P services, but for first-timers, Zelle provides a convenience factor missing in many other services. For example, because you don’t have to share your banking information with a third-party service, security isn’t as big of a factor. Unlike Apple Pay or Venmo, funds will transfer directly into your checking or savings account. Funds sent using Zelle will become available to the recipient within minutes.   © 2017 Cox Media Group. The best ways to send money online — comparing Venmo, PayPal, Apple Pay and more Trump will clamp down on Cuban travel, trade Bat-signal shines on L.A. City Hall in tribute to Adam West Deputies: Man stabbed by co-worker after wearing wrong shoes to work Religious refusal of gay foster parents now allowed under Texas law News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 FCC EEO Report FOX13 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Trending Galaxy S8 Android O Pixel XL LG G6 Nougat updates Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google’s new hire from Apple could help design custom chips for future Pixel phones Newsby John Callaham3 days ago 11 733 14 Google may have decided it wants to design its own custom processors for future versions of its Pixel phones. Today, it was revealed that Manu Gulati, who helped to develop custom chips for many of Apple’s iOS products, is now working at Google, with the official title of “Lead SOC Architect”. See also: Google Pixel XL vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 week ago He worked at Apple from 2009 to 2017 and helped lead the company's efforts in designing its own chips for the iPhone, iPad and Apple TV Gulati has actually been working at Google for the past few weeks, according to a story in Variety, but officially announced his move from Cupertino to Mountain View on his LinkedIn page today. He worked at Apple from 2009 to 2017 and helped lead the company’s efforts in designing its own chips for the iPhone, iPad and Apple TV products, which officially began in 2010. It stands to reason that his hiring by Google could signal a move by the company to do the same for upcoming Pixel products. Variety also notes that Google is currently looking for other people to fill additional chip design positions, such as an open job listing for a “Mobile SoC CPU Architect”. Google’s first Pixel phones, the Pixel and Pixel XL, both used processors provided by Qualcomm. However, we have seen a small trend of larger companies making their own chips. In addition to Apple, Samsung is using its own in-house Exynos chips in some versions of its Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus devices. If Google does decide to launch future Pixel phones with its own processors, that could be a serious loss for Qualcomm. It could also show that Google wants to have custom chips that it believes will be faster and more powerful than the ones made by Qualcomm and others. However, it’s unlikely that will happen for the next generation of the Pixel devices, which are expected to be released sometime this fall. Recent rumors claim Google has canceled plans to launch a direct successor to the 5.5-inch Pixel XL. In addition, another new report claims that Google’s next larger Pixel phone, codenamed “Taimen”, may actually be built by LG. News Google, Apple, Google Pixel Apple, Google, Google Pixel  Variety, LinkedIn John Callaham John was a newspaper reporter before becoming a technology and video/PC gaming writer in 2000. He lives in Greer, SC with his wife and five cats. Show 11 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus International Giveaway! 5 days ago40 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars DEV Google Play’s Android Excellence collections highlight the quarter’s best apps and games Emil Protalinski@EPro June 13, 2017 9:21 AM Google today launched Android Excellence, a new Google Play program that showcases the highest quality Android apps and games of the quarter. The company picks the winners based on user experience, use of Google’s best practices, great design, technical performance, localization, and device optimization. The goal here is twofold. For users, Google is simply offering yet another way to help them find great apps and games. For developers, it’s a form of recognizing work that goes beyond building a basic app or game. There are two Android Excellence collections, one for apps and one for games. The collections will refresh quarterly and are available on the revamped Editors’ Choice section of the Google Play store. Here are the first 16 Android Excellence apps: AliExpress B&H Photo Video Pro Audio CityMapper Contacts Phone Dialer Drivvo Evernote HotelTonight Kitchen Stories Komoot Lifesum Memrise Pocket Runtastic Running & Fitness Skyscanner Sleep as Android Vivino And the first 15 Android Excellence games: After the End: Forsaken Destiny CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars Golf Clash Hitman Go Horizon Chase – World Tour Kill Shot Bravo Nonstop Knight Pac-Man 256 – Endless Maze Pictionary Reigns Riptide GP: Renegade Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes Titan Brawl Toca Blocks Transformers: Forged to Fight Also today, Google released a new Playbook beta. The Playbook app lets developers set objectives and provides a tailored list of the latest articles and videos from Google experts and across the web. Google says it has seen “a significant increase in the level of polish and quality of apps and games on Google Play.” There’s likely no timeframe tied to this statement — there are 2 billion active Android devices out there, so developers know the market is massive and thus competition is fierce. Google already has three ways for highlighting Android apps and games: Indie Corner (a section for must-have Indie titles), the Google Play Awards (a dedicated category for the best apps and games in their category), and a monthly newsletter for the top trending apps and games. And yet there are still a ton of crappy Android apps and games in the store, so a fourth way to wade through the garbage is always welcome. VB Recommendations Nintendo Switch generated more positive E3 reactions than Microsoft Xbox One X AI Weekly: Voice is the killer interface VoiceLabs suspends its Amazon Alexa skill ad network Upcoming VentureBeat Events MB 2017 July 11 – 12 BLUEPRINT Sept 11 - 13 GamesBeat 2017 October 5 - 6
Droid Life Menu Skip to content Home Topics Accessories Apps Beginners’ Guide Contests Deals News Polls Reviews Root Videos Podcast Deals Contact Search Post navigation Previous StoryOnePlus 3, 3T Getting Updated With OxygenOS 4.1.6 Next StoryGoogle Hires Ex-Apple SoC Architect to Make Custom Processors for Pixel Phones by Kellex on Jun 13, 2017 @iamkellex News Home Share this Story LG Might be Making the New Pixel XL Following up on yesterday’s news that the original 2nd gen Pixel XL (codenamed “muskie”) had been cancelled and replaced, possibly by a larger “taimen” device that we first reported on, the folks at 9to5Google found a little nugget in the Google Issue Tracker that might tell us who is making this phone. It could very well be LG.  In a bug report filed to the Issue Tracker, you can see where an LG representative is having an exchange with a Googler over a USB driver problem. While the LG rep doesn’t mention the device, the Googler sure does by recommending the bug be filed under “Android > Partner > External > LGE > Taimen > power.” Well then. We’ve attached an image of the exchange below in case this gets pulled, since it was likely meant to be a private bug report. There isn’t much else to pull from this other than the fact that it would be odd for LG and Google to be referencing this “taimen” device that has been reported on numerous times now, if they weren’t the partner making it. As you may recall, we previously reported that “muskie” and “walleye” were separate projects from “taimen.” That actually makes sense now, since HTC is the manufacturer thought to be behind “muskie” and “walleye,” yet the “taimen” maker was unknown. Unknown until now, of course. That leads to a bunch of confusion now. Last year’s Pixel and Pixel XL were both made by HTC and so they looked identical outside of their size. Should HTC still make the smaller “walleye” Pixel and LG tackle the bigger “taimen” Pixel XL, I can’t imagine these  devices ending up all that similar. I’d imagine Google could work to get the devices close in design, but again, we’re talking about two different companies making them. Thoughts? // 9to5Google | Google Issue Tracker Post navigation Previous StoryOnePlus 3, 3T Getting Updated With OxygenOS 4.1.6 Next StoryGoogle Hires Ex-Apple SoC Architect to Make Custom Processors for Pixel Phones schv09 I’d prefer that they looked identical like the current Pixels. And also I’m definitely scared of LG’s involvement because of their history with bootloops, would like it more if HTC or anyone else did them. RXG9 no no no no no no droidbeat I have more confidence in HTC. And it’d be best to have equal quality Pixels of different sizes. But, I’m sure it’ll be awesome either way. LG will probably do the screens either way. Johnny Clausen I thought the point of the Pixel line was to have Google handle the manufacturing. I thought HTC was just used as a stop-gap last year. If they’re just going to keep letting other manufacturers make them, then what was the point of the branding change? It’s literally the same as the Nexus program. Nathan Bryant I’ve been telling people that the current Pixel is no different when it first came out than a Nexus phone. Shoot, even when the renders were revealed for it last year. The design itself is clearly a HTC phone. The Pixel is basically a M10 shell. They did not build the phone from the ground up. Every Nexus and the first Pixel phone has been based off another OEMs flagship device. There will be some small cosmetic designs, but it’s clear every year what they’re inspired from. So when people say they prefer this company over that company when building the next Google device, I think it’s silly. Being they’re based off their current flagship it’s not like they’re building it from the ground up to have some breakthrough design or technology. You actually know most of what you’re​ getting. Mainly because it’s not built from the ground up. With that said, I still own the Pixel phone. Brent Bailey I have a Hybrid G3 with 3g of Ram, Quad HD, 32g ROM, & 13M Pixel Camera & phone rocks the House solid. They are now everywhere, G4, G5, G6…. LG is solid… All friends have them, except few I-phones. Google is smart to look to LG! Everyone I know loves their LG. KennyB I’m rocking the g6. Haven’t had 1 issue thus far. Had previous iterations of LG’s G lines, and the Old Nexus 4 (still have) not 1 bootloop issue. Ever Alan Paone thats a bummer, the lg nexiises were far and away the worst ones |KOBALT| ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I’m going to chime in and say I never had an issue with my G3 or G4. Also, my 6P is perfect. instrument Feels like lg is on the verge of a great phone, maybe this will be their moment with a little pixel push. cdm283813 Slap in the newest snap dragon proc and stock Android to the G6 and you got a winner. ScoobySnack Pixel is just an overpriced Nexus. Gringa344 HTC on the pixels, LG on the Nexus! GRAND MASTER SEN$Ei {{-_-}}™ IT’S LIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT. {{^_^}} Orion Great! Prefer LG over HTC. Dick Bailey Perhaps taimen is a tablet and does not need to match a phone designed by HTC. TC Infantino Well, if the Pixels are completely designed and controlled by Google like they’re claiming, then the actual manufacturer should not make a difference in the look of the phone. Nathaniel Hill Add a removable battery, and you will have my attention. James I think HTC and LG are nothing more than the manufacturers, Google still designs and chooses every component. If that’s not the case then 1) Googles been lying to us and 2) Pixel is just rebranded Nexus. I don’t understand why so many people think whoever has the manufactureing contract actually has any input. I don’t think this is a HTC pixel or LG pixel anymore than the iPhone is a foxconn iPhone yummy LG must have some sweet lips, all puffy n stuff. Oh, LG, recite the Alphabet backwards again? Synacks Just drop HTC altogether good lord John All those unused G6 shells gotta have somewhere to go. Akashshr They are making both, called it 5 months ago! 🙂 sgtguthrie It should help with supply and demand. Asif Hasan LG design is great. HTC design is total sh*t nowadays. Jeff Schroeder So LG did make the Nexus 5. But after owning a V10 and watching all the horror unfold with the GYM, I’m not so sure if I want them building my Pixel. CapnShiner I’m not sure what would have to do with a USB driver besides the USB port, but is it possible that LG is just providing a specific component and it’s actually built by HTC? I mean, LG provides displays for other manufacturers. Maybe it’s like that. interstellarmind Nexus 4 and Nexus 5 were my favorite phones design-wise. This is good news. xpyroxcorex A nexus 5 with edge to edge screen….. kreygasm James I’m sorry but were did it say that they would look like Nexus 4 or 5? Isn’t the whole point of the pixel phones that they aint Nexus, 100% Google design, 100% Google choosen specs. I think all this means is that LGs physically assembling the phones nothing more interstellarmind Uhm.. it doesn’t say that they’ll look like N4s/ N5s anywhere. Not even in my comment. LG will have a say in designing it. Either by giving Google a shell of an LG phone to work with or crafting a whole new design with Google. Given their track record with Nexus phones, I’m betting it’ll be a good looking phone. Try a little reading comprehension next time. Cruiserdude Let’s just hope that LG has learned how to properly solder a BGA socket after several years of practice… Eric Blackman If built to Google’s specs, and uses an AMOLED panel. rebretz000 I would really like the Pixel XL to be similar to the LG G6 in terms of bezel and screen size. I don’t want a curved display like the S8 and I would prefer a single shooter on the back. bbcoachSuperman That’s fine, Pixel 2 for 6 months, Pixel by LG for the other 6. macewank Love this. My biggest complaint about my Pixel XL is the hardware/HTC. JSo I’ve always like the design of LGs Nexus phones. I had both the 5 and 5X. Currently using the V10 which I like the design of as well. Yes, after my 5X died on me and I read about all the LG bootloop issues, there are obvious concerns. But from what I have read, they have fixed the issues with the V20 and G6 right? Jeremy Buro If lg makes the larger one, I’m not buying James_75 Why not? It will be Google’s design with an LG screen… the rest of the components will be made by other companies and LG will just put it all together. That’s not really an LG phone now is it? Mohammad Faizan Khan Well no actually,LG makes their own cameras,battery and other components Suicide_Note I don’t care who makes it, so long as this bad boy has at least a 6″ display. https://i.imgur.com/2D6cx2v.gif Orion Big phones ftw. Good_Ole_Pinocchio Just give me another HTC Pixel…kthxbye Good_Ole_Pinocchio BootloopXL Victor Chistov Obligatory: https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c9a852f926b71dc0ba7c8dd8001b1f21aaf71bcaf506f642ab72e4f896d85ffd.jpg Thelmaswilson Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj159d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj159d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash159HomePeoplePay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj159d..,.. Frisi I don’t mind as long as LG doesn’t touch the design. I hate their designs (The LG G6 somewhat passes, but I hate the back of it). BUT my biggest scare are Boot Loops. Why does every LG device since the LG G4 has them!? Frisi But to be fair, I wouldn’t mind this running stock Android and having an OLED display (I really like LG’s OLED TVs) https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fff9cc2ca6a1e85371a12ea5819c6785d024b43e4bdb0fc12ec61b117c81b8ab.jpg MadMartigan I have had the Nexus 4, 5, G4, V10, and V20 (using now). Not a single boot loop. Since I’m not the “lucky” type, I’m assuming the bootloops occur with a small (but not insignificant) group. I’ve also heard rumor that LG and HTC are the “foxconn” to Google’s OEM designs – so that may very well translate into this LG phone being decidedly not an LG phone. As with anything not yet available, we’ll have to wait and see – but I really wouldn’t take the LG name as a reason to worry. Good_Ole_Pinocchio You know you want IN on that lawsuit! MadMartigan *laughs* Yeah, because the end users are going to get so much money from it… /s I’d love it if LG decided to repair/replace/refund for those who had issues. It’s called customer service. (They shouldn’t need to be forced to via a lawsuit, but that’s today’s reality…) Frisi I bought a Nexus 5X, bootlooped on me. Had to get a replacement. Then the replacement also bootlooped on me. A coworker had an LG G3 and the thing also bootlooped. Went to T-Mobile for an exchange, employee said it was the most common issue with that phone at the time. And I know I am not alone here. MadMartigan Never said you were alone, but for every bit of anecdotal evidence I see about the issue Ii see a ton of other folks who claim to have had no such issue. I don’t claim to have any actual numbers – just my own, admittedly only subjective perception. Frisi Don’t get me wrong, though, I was one of those who said ‘well, the issue only persists on a fraction of users”, but then it happened to me. I find it hard to gain trust again on a brand or product if it fails on me. Twice. MadMartigan I totally get that. My S2 had to be replaced 3 times before I got one that worked. Hadn’t gotten another Samsung device until the S8+. …and still ended up going back to my V20. (I really liked the S2 – I think it was the peak of Samsung’s vision of Android – went to crap from there, IMO) Frisi I have never trusted Samsung after I had the Instinct. POS died on me 3 different times (three different replacements). Never went back to Samsung. At one I had the S7 Edge, but meh, went back to HTC (until I got the Pixel, that is). SlyKrysis Anecdotal, but I’ve had Nexus 5 and 5X for (going on) 2 years each at the time without issue. Also, 10 friends/family have 5X’s and only 1 had a bootloop issue. VAVAMk_2 That is correct. HTC (and possibly LG) only serve in role as manufacturers on Pixel like Foxconn is the manufacturer of iPhones. whiteknave2 LGV10 owner for the last (going on) two years here. Battery life deterioration aside, it has been the best phone I’ve used for the last eight years hands down. I’ve seen no significant slowing of day-to-day software operation as I did with my Note 4. I bought the phone because of it’s class leading opamp and dual saber dacs, as a sort of dap replacement. For that purpose it excelled and honestly I’ve been hard pressed to find a phone (that runs on Verizon) with equal audio performance. I’ve kept the V10 though I’ve had the option to upgrade freely these last six months because imo there isn’t a phone that really does “it” better yet. All that to say: I have never, ever, ever, ever experienced the “dreaded boot-loop of doom” I’ve heard complained about here and elsewhere. I don’t doubt that it’s happened, but as expressed above I don’t think it’s as prevalent an issue as some make it out to be. Still looking for my next phone. Any suggestions? MadMartigan Still using my V20 (upgraded to the S8+, but ended up going back to the V20) I’m waiting to see what the Pixel XL (2nd gen) turns out to be and if there’s a V30 in the pipeline at this point. whiteknave2 I. . .have. . .to. . . “You ARE a great swordsman!” Brian L Robinson Bootloops happens when people try to root the device and doesn’t do it correctly and I would know I’m a programmer and hardware builder I support lg because there the only company that looks for longevity instead of trying to make a quick dollar like htc Samsung and apple dabug91 You clearly don’t know what you’re talking about because plenty of non-rooted LG phones bootloop. About Droid Life We consider ourselves to have the greatest Android community in the world, here at Droid Life. We talk general news, feature apps, review phones, and even teach you how to hack a little. But most importantly, there is no place on the internet that has the reader participation that we do and consider ourselves to be completely community driven. If you were looking for the best place to learn about Android and talk with like-minded folks about all things tech, then Droid Life is for you. Follow Us Facebook Google+ YouTube Twitter Subscribe © DRD Life Inc. About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Coulee Creative.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Tech Google Pixel Google hires Apple chip architect: are custom chips coming to Pixel phones? New, 10 comments Google is working on its own system on a chip by Dani Deahl@danideahl Jun 13, 2017, 12:11pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Vjeran Pavic According to Variety, a recent hire at Google indicates big changes are coming for future versions of the Pixel phone. Manu Gulati, an Apple micro-architect who worked on the company’s chip development for nearly eight years, has just joined Google, announcing the hire today on his Linkedin profile. With a new title of lead SoC architect, Gulati’s move could, on the surface, arguably point to any number of Google SoC (system on a chip) developments. The company currently has none. It’s a new position for Google, which currently relies on third-party chips for all their products. Nest uses a chip by Texas Instruments, for example, while current Pixel phones use Qualcomm. The focus on developing chips for Pixel, however, seems to be confirmed by a over a dozen new SoC-related job offers posted by Google — many specific to mobile — including “Hardware Engineer, Mobile SoC Architect,” “Mobile SoC CPU Architect,” and “Mobile SoC Memory Architect.” The listings include phrases like “Architect the memory sub-system of a high-end mobile SoC; including core configuration and PPA (performance, power, area) tradeoffs,” and “Help define the architecture of future generations of phone and tablet SoCs.” Internally designed chips were not a focus for Google in the past, but this looks to be changing Internally designed chips were not a focus for Google in the past, but this looks to be changing. It’s likely due in no small part to the drastically increased burden placed on phone hardware in recent years to not only handle more processor-heavy experiences like VR and AR, but voice and visual cues without latency. Apple recently debuted Core ML at WWDC, its new machine learning framework API for developers that directly tackles these issues. Craig Federighi, Apple’s SVP of software engineering, says the new API makes the iPhone six times faster at image recognition than the Google Pixel. While The Information reported that Google was in talks to develop their own chips as far back as 2015, it’s become an increasingly crucial step for the company to advance in order to compete with Apple’s iPhone, and really, what consumers are demanding from mobile devices. (Our previous headline from 2016: “The Google phone is almost as good as the iPhone.”) Gulati’s hire, coupled with Google’s additional bevy of job listings and recent news that it’s reportedly offered to invest around $880 million in LG’s Display division, shows a real effort on Google’s end to crank up hardware and mobile efforts for future products. Next Up In Tech Amazon granted a patent that prevents in-store shoppers from online price checking The CIA has lots of ways to hack your router Jeff Bezos asks Twitter for philanthropy ideas that can help ‘right now’ DirecTV Now’s latest attempt to draw new subscribers is a free Roku Premiere US government awards millions to HPE, Intel, and others in hopes they’ll build next-gen supercomputers Facebook says it wants ‘to be a hostile place for terrorists’ Now Trending Amazon granted a patent that prevents in-store shoppers from online price checking Well, isn’t that ironic Sony's excuse for blocking PlayStation and Xbox cross-platform play is hostile and stupid Sony head, meet desk Microsoft Surface Pro review: the new normal Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 8. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Amazon granted a patent that prevents in-store shoppers from online price checking by Dani Deahl 29 comments / new Super Mario Odyssey has co-op, will let you play as Mario’s hat by Chaim Gartenberg 6 comments / new The CIA has lots of ways to hack your router by Russell Brandom 14 comments / new How The Last of Us' expansion impacted Uncharted: The Lost Legacy by Megan Farokhmanesh God of War director used John Woo’s masterpiece to sell the developer on his huge idea by Chris Plante 2 comments / new Bill Nye Saves the World will be back for a second season by Shannon Liao 15 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Friday, June 16, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Home Politics Presidential Election 2017: Amit Shah to meet Uddhav Thackerey to ensure Shiv Sena’s support Presidential Election 2017: Venkaiah Naidu, Rajnath Singh meet Sonia Gandhi; Congress demands names from BJP Voting for Shimla civic body polls begins, counting on Saturday Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu slams Congress for portrying BJP as 'anti-Christian' AIADMK 'two-leaves' symbol row: Panneerselvam faction reaches out to Election Commission with truckload of affidavits Those who lost polls are behind unrest in BJP-ruled states: UP deputy CM Dinesh Sharma Sports ICC Champions Trophy 2017: England's Joe Root laments missing 'golden chance' to win tournament ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India's bowlers mix discipline with intelligence to form a rampant force Nico Hulkenberg interview: ‘I needed to adapt my driving style quite a bit to win 24 Hours of Le Mans in 2015’ Hockey World League Semi-Finals: India must learn from lapses against Scotland with tougher battles to follow Cheick Tiote's body arrives in Ivory Coast as thousands turn up at Abidjan Airport to mourn footballer Ligue 1: Claudio Ranieri optimistic about a great season after taking over as Nantes coach India 1993 Mumbai blasts verdict LIVE: Mustafa Dossa found guilty of all charges, hearing still on Mobile internet facility blocked in Kashmir Valley amid heightened tensions after youth's death Hockey World League Semi-Finals: Roelant Oltmans credits half-time changes for come-from-behind win India's government schools in disarray: Here's a blueprint to improve quality of education, bring about accountability Tamil Nadu lodges protest against Andhra Pradesh's move to construct check dam across Kusa river Prime minister, president condole death of former chief justice PN Bhagwati World South Korea’s oldest nuclear plant to halt operations on its 40th birthday Donald Trump set to reverse Barack Obama's relaxations in new Cuba policy Russia probe: Special counsel Robert Mueller to probe Jared Kushner's business dealings with Moscow China and South Korea put missile rift on hold to attend AIIB meeting European Union, European Commission release joint statement confirming Brexit talks to begin on 19 June Brexit negotiations between Great Britain and EU officials to begin on Monday Business Infosys US head Sandeep Dadlani resigns to pursue personal interests; jolt for Vishal Sikka India's gold imports surge 3-fold to US $4.95 bn in May ED seizes Rs 7 cr of Delhi jewellers in Panama Papers case Exports grow 8.32% in May; trade deficit hits 30-month high RBI's move to cut risk weight, provisioning for home loans credit negative for banks: Moody's She's the boss: Work-life balance doesn’t mean choosing between the two, but giving 100% to both, says Chanda Kochhar Entertainment Gene Simmons claims he used iconic devil's horn gesture first; files for trademark Despicable Me 3 movie review: If you’re in the mood for harmless entertainment, can’t go wrong with this Baahubali 2: SS Rajamouli's magnum opus to open 39th Moscow International Film Festival Bank Chor movie review LIVE: Zero parts funny, but saved by Riteish Deshmukh, Sahil Vaid's acts Tubelight's new song 'Main Agar' captures Salman Khan-Martin Tangu's heartwarming camaraderie Tubelight's Pakistan release uncertain: Salman Khan-starrer could lose up to Rs 35 crore Photos Videos Shows TECH2 CT 2017 FAKING NEWS Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News Indonesia has reached tax deal with Google for 2016, finmin says | Reuters Indonesia has reached tax deal with Google for 2016, finmin says | Reuters FwireReutersJun, 13 2017 22:00:51 IST #Reuters Tweet By Hidayat Setiaji and Eveline Danubrata | JAKARTA JAKARTA Indonesia has reached a tax settlement with Alphabet Inc's Google for 2016, the country's finance minister said, following a months-long dispute over allegations that the search giant had not made enough annual payments to the government.A senior tax official had said in September that Indonesia, Southeast Asia's biggest economy, planned to pursue Google for five years of back taxes and the company could face a bill of more than $400 million for 2015 alone if it were found to have avoided payments. "We already have an agreement with them based on 2016. But we can't disclose the figure," Indonesia Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati told reporters on Tuesday.It was unclear if both sides were still locking horns over Google's taxes for other years. Google did not immediately respond to requests for comment.Indonesia is eager to ramp up tax collection to narrow its budget deficit and fund an ambitious infrastructure programme. Other governments around the world are also seeking to clamp down on what they see as corporate tax avoidance.Last year, Google agreed to pay 130 million pounds ($164 million) in back taxes to settle a probe by Britain's tax authority, while Thailand is studying plans to toughen tax collection rules for internet and technology firms. According to Indonesian tax officials, most of Google's revenue generated in the country is booked at its Asia Pacific headquarters in Singapore. They also estimated that total advertising revenue for the industry in Indonesia was around $830 million, with Google and Facebook Inc accounting for around 70 percent of that. But Google has pointed to a joint study by the company and Singapore state investor Temasek that estimated the size of Indonesia's digital advertising market at $300 million for 2015.Senior executives from Google's Asia Pacific headquarters also met Indonesian tax officials in October to discuss its tax bill, a person with knowledge of the matter said. ($1 = 0.7908 pounds) (Reporting by Hidayat Setiaji and Eveline Danubrata; Editing by Himani Sarkar) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Jun 13, 2017 10:00 pm | Updated Date: Jun 13, 2017 10:00 pm Also See South Korea says anti-missile deployment on hold pending environmental review | Reuters U.S.-backed forces seize Raqqa ruins; U.N. sees 'dire' situation | Reuters U.N. chief condemns attack in Iran, urges unity fighting terrorism | Reuters U.S. finds March bombing in Syria legal, may have killed one civilian | Reuters Champions Trophy 2017 Match Date Details 1 Jun 18 PAK Vs IND Full Schedule Top Stories Presidential Election 2017: Venkaiah Naidu, Rajnath Singh meet Sonia Gandhi; Congress demands names from BJP Aamer Sohail Indirectly Accuses Pak of Fixing Matches in Champions Trophy Diwakar Reddy is Ravindra Gaikwad 2.0: With netas thinking they're above the law, VVIP culture is here to stay Tubelight's Pakistan release uncertain: Salman Khan-starrer could lose up to Rs 35 crore Dream home or nightmare? Buyers beware Gulf diplomatic crisis: Why Saudi Arabia-Egypt ties are linked to the failed ban on Qatar Reliance Industries, BP to invest $6 bn to develop new gas fields in Krishna Godavari basin ICC Champions Trophy 2017: Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Jasprit Bumrah's versatility makes them automatic choice in ODIs Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Zimbabwe in Scotland, 2 ODI Series, 2017 SCO Vs ZIM Scotland beat Zimbabwe by 26 runs (D/L method) ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 BAN Vs IND India beat Bangladesh by 9 wickets Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG Vs PAK Pakistan beat England by 8 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL Vs PAK Pakistan beat Sri Lanka by 3 wickets Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 4 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND Vs SA India beat South Africa by 8 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG Vs AUS England beat Australia by 40 runs (D/L method) Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG Afghanistan beat West Indies by 63 runs ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 NZ Vs BAN Bangladesh beat New Zealand by 5 wickets Zimbabwe in Scotland, 2 ODI Series, 2017 SCO vs ZIM - Jun 17th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 PAK vs IND - Jun 18th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST South Africa in England, 3 T20I Series, 2017 ENG vs SA - Jun 21st, 2017, 11:00 PM IST India in West Indies, 5 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs IND - Jun 23rd, 2017, 06:30 PM IST South Africa in England, 3 T20I Series, 2017 ENG vs SA - Jun 23rd, 2017, 09:30 PM IST India in West Indies, 5 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs IND - Jun 25th, 2017, 06:30 PM IST South Africa in England, 3 T20I Series, 2017 ENG vs SA - Jun 25th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST India in West Indies, 5 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs IND - Jun 30th, 2017, 06:30 PM IST India in West Indies, 5 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs IND - Jul 2nd, 2017, 06:30 PM IST Basil D'Oliveira Trophy, 2017 ENG vs SA - Jul 6th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
SEO NEWS PPC CONTENT SOCIAL ADVERTISE MORE SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News Most ReadPaid Search PPC Guide Paid Search 101 Digital AdvertisingSEJ Summit Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing YoutubeEntrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedInToolbox Rss Twitter Facebook Follow Us LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Google Plus Pinterest ADVERTISEMENT Paid Search·SEO | June 13, 2017 How Voice Search Will Impact Your SEO, PPC & Social Strategies 516 SHARES 1.1K READS Patrick Reinhart Patrick Reinhart 1.1K READS “OK, Google, what’s the best sunscreen for my toddler?” Now imagine you had a website that sold sunscreen for toddlers, knew that someone was going to ask that question, and were prepared with an answer on your website to capture that customer. This scenario is on every search marketer’s mind as we enter the world of voice search. According to a Google survey in 2014 conducted by Northstar Research, 55 percent of teens and 41 percent of adults are using voice search more than once a day. More recent studies have suggested that the use of voice recognition will double in the next five years. However you look at it, it’s clear to see that the next wave of your customers will be verbally asking about your product or service offering, rather than typing into a search engine. This isn’t only a change for search marketers though, it’s also a change for search engines. While Google, Amazon, and Microsoft are enacting these changes in the market, they are also impacting the way people use their services. Google, for example, has been at the forefront of search innovation for years. This is the next logical step in Google’s evolution. Year after year Google has added and tweaked their technology to better understand what we are feeding into their engine. With voice search, they are like a little kid that has grown up and can finally understand what we say. We aren’t just entering queries and getting results back — we are having an actual conversation with something, which is equally cool and horrifying. The question still left unanswered is: How do we plan, act, and report on what people are asking their devices? From a reporting perspective, Google hinted last year that voice search reporting will be coming to search console search analytics report, though there is no timeframe on when that will actually roll out. Google and other entities actually already collect all of this data; they just haven’t figured out a way to parse the queries yet, so we could be looking at a long runway until this capability materializes. Those reports would obviously inform us on what users are asking their voice-enabled devices, but they don’t exist yet, so what do we do? A more holistic solution is for all of us to be more in tune with what our customers want and what they’re asking of us. Customer-first marketing is nothing new, but with voice search growing in popularity, anticipating our users’ wants and needs will be paramount to ensure we are answering their questions above our competitors. Will This Help or Hurt Us? The real question is: How will this affect all of us moving forward and how our users interact with us? Gartner has predicted that by 2020, 30 percent of web browsing will be screenless. While this is slightly horrifying, at the Inbounder in May, Microsoft’s Purna Virji quoted this, but put a practical spin on it: “While there will be a shift away from screens, voice won’t kill screens – just like mobile didn’t kill desktop. We are training artificial intelligence (AI) to be human-like so that it looks at something, understands it, recognizes it and responds back. Consumers are willing to engage with AI if we can make them forget they’re not human.” To me, those statements answer the questions above, but mainly pertain to organic search and even social. Despite Gartner’s prediction, AI will still have to find content somewhere to educate itself to interact with us in a thoughtful manner. Let’s look at how voice search will impact organic search, paid search, and social media. Organic Search Is Key Organic search, by nature, shifts significantly every few years. The dawn of voice search is simply the next wave in an ocean of change. What will change here is who and what is physically looking at our content. This will be more of a shift in perception of a percentage of our audience than a shift in tactical execution. We will still need to create content, but we need to understand that a growing number of our users won’t physically read that content. Rather, they will ask their virtual assistants to mine for a solution or answer and report back to them. While this is a different way of thinking, it’s coming. We must adapt. What Strategies Win at Voice Search? From a search optimization perspective, we should all be focusing strategies around answer box results. For anyone who may not know, an answer box is a SERP feature, typically displayed above all organic results, that directly answers a search query. Most folks don’t realize that home assistants such as Google Home and the Amazon Echo pull from these results for answers to many queries. Figuring out what questions to ask and answer can be as simple as tapping into your customer service folks and seeing what’s most commonly asked. Once you know what your customers are asking, doing some research around queries that relate back to that is a thoughtful way of optimizing new and existing content. Google has patents for extracting entities from queries, returning factual answers in response to searches, and for retrieval of information to better understand how, and when, to generate an answer box — in other words, it’s at their discretion to award an answer box to a site for any given query. In this example, note how searching for [what is a content map] returns a prominent result with the specific elements in bold. Optimizing for the answer box isn’t anything out of the ordinary. Conductor (the company I work for) performed a study for answer boxes and came up with a quick procedure on how to better target them. Featured Snippet Procedure While it’s not a guaranteed method, setting up the best conditions for acquiring a featured snippet is possible. The following steps were created from learnings found by using the Conductor Searchlight platform: Identify an industry query and result page that your brand would like to rank for (e.g., “What is a content map?”). The query should be inserted into a tag or header on the page you want it to appear in (title tag, H1, H2.). Below the header, there should be a paragraph defining or explaining the query. Try to make the paragraph sound like a logical answer to the question. The example above begins with: “A content map is…”. (Note: We tested pages with anywhere from 50 words to 1,000+ words based on queries monthly search volume and competition, with lower monthly search volume and competition needing fewer words, and higher monthly search volume and competition needing more.) Some additional points: Page authority plays a role in getting the featured snippet, so having backlinks pointed to the page is a huge help. Search results pages in different countries can have a different featured snippet (www.google.com vs. www.google.ca). If there are steps, list all of the steps under the main subheading and identify them as “step 1”, “step 2”, etc. If there is already a featured snippet for the target query and the information is false, use the feedback link provided by Google and list the reasons that information is incorrect. Voice queries heavily lean towards the question and answer format, so capturing more of these rich results will position you well for the first years of this discipline. While the landscape will inevitably change and evolve, these practices should be viewed as foundational in nature, and a good way to secure your standing. It’s a tactical solution to an unknown quantity, and not one that will propel us forward, but rather, one that will keep us afloat. Competitors Answering Questions About Your Brand Another strategy that some folks are using to gain more market share in this area is by answering questions about their competitors. For example, if you Google [what are stubhub fees], you will see that the site TickPick.com owns the top spot and generates an answer box: While this is no fault of anyone at StubHub, it’s an interesting look into what folks are doing these days to get ahead of their competition. This is scary for brands because if someone were to ask their Echo or Google Home device this question, TickPick would be getting credit for this and ultimately would have the opportunity to redirect that user to their service and sell them a ticket, possibly without ever knowing they were using TickPick. Most users want what they want quickly, and don’t always care about where they get it.  If someone wants to buy a ticket to a Billy Joel concert and asks about StubHub’s fees before they buy, TickPick would have the opportunity to showcase lower fees (this is all hypothetical, I do not know either of these sites’ true fee structure) and get that sale, all using voice commands and a credit card they have saved into their device. Never underestimate how shady folks can be. Don’t Forget Who Got You Here Another common mistake in organic search must be avoided here as well, which is forgetting about the rest of our audience to chase the new trend. SEOs love shiny things. We make a beeline towards them like a moth to a flame, and it’s easy to leave our core audience behind. While 30 percent is a sizable number of folks, it’s not everyone, and you still must cater to your existing audience, not just the growing one. The Problem of Paid Search How do you serve an ad to someone who isn’t looking at a screen? That is a question that will ultimately haunt strategists (and Google) heading into this discipline of search. As the number of folks using voice search grows, the audience for individuals running paid campaigns will erode more than others in theory, based simply on the fact that there won’t be any screen or device to interact with, yet. The first wave of voice search is/will be mainly folks speaking to their virtual assistants. I don’t include phones in this because folks are holding the device and there is a screen involved, which is not truly voice search — that’s more dictated search. This only pertains to folks who are speaking to a device without holding it in their hands and with no screen to return results on — just two entities talking to one another like normal people and computers do. What we will most likely see during the evolution of voice search is the novelty wearing off. Like the dusty Wii sitting in the corner of your basement, users will ultimately become bored and will need something new, which will force change. I believe this change will come in the form of voice search becoming more integrated into smart devices, which have, that’s right, screens. Paid search may see a little bit of a flattening out during the initial year(s) of voice search, but ultimately it will offer new ways to advertise through people’s devices that they speak to in every corner of their lives, and I am not talking about phones. We already saw version one of augmented reality with the Google Glass experiment, and although they make folks look like a poor man’s Geordi La Forge, a device like this is a good example of how paid campaigns could be changed by voice search. We are already seeing this type of integration in Honeywell’s new Lyric Round thermostat, which connects directly with Amazon’s Alexa. While I don’t believe you are going to be seeing advertisements on your thermostat, the idea is basically the same. Voice commands will continue to become a larger part of smart devices as the internet of things (IoT) becomes more prevalent, which will lead to more devices being voice-enabled. Many of those devices will have screens and be ripe for campaign targeting, which will allow paid folks to reach new audiences outside of computers and phones — TVs, refrigerators, watches, cars, etc. You’ve all seen “Minority Report”, right? If you think we are that far away from that type of personalized advertising, you are dead wrong. Social Social media marketing will be affected in a similar way to SEO, with more device integration and ways to mine what customers are asking them, when that data becomes available. David Neuman, Director of Social & Sales Strategy for RhythmOne, says that: “Voice search is not only impacting SEO, but also social media, especially around how brands and marketers are developing content. Many users will tap into voice search to ask a specific question (i.e. “how do I fix a leaky faucet”, “how to make a pizza from scratch”, etc.). Brands should be keeping track of relevant queries and start to incorporate content (especially blogs and video) into their strategy that addresses these questions head on. As more users continue to leverage voice search, brands that are taking advantage of this will likely see more traffic and engagement when pushing it out through their own social channels. Additionally, I expect networks like Snapchat to incorporate voice search into their app. They just expanded their search functionality with the ‘Our Story’ feature that allows users to easily find Snapchat stories in their area. I can see Snapchat rolling out a feature that lets users find Stories via voice search over having to manually type it in.” This type of integration would ultimately result in a boon for social networks, as it will make it even easier for users to share their lives and experiences on various platforms without having to open their apps. Now, going back to an earlier discussion in this article about voice search becoming integrated into more smart devices around our homes and lives, you have a situation that is very appealing to social networks. If you could simply look at something, have a picture taken, and then say “share this on Facebook”, or even “share this on all social accounts”, that would increase the number of users by quite a bit and open a new world of opportunities for marketers. Some of this technology exists but isn’t as integrated as it can and, most likely will be, in the future. Final Thoughts Regardless of what channel you currently exist in, voice search will ultimately impact you in some way, shape, or form. Change brings windfalls for some and headwinds for others. Many of the situations discussed above are real-world strategies that you can begin incorporating today, while others are a look into the future based on what we are currently seeing out in the wild. Either way, voice search is growing, and you should be talking about it. ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts SEJ Live: Purna Virji on Voice Search How Voice Search Will Forever Change SEO Optimizing for Voice Search with Siri, Google Now, and Cortana ADVERTISEMENT Patrick Reinhart Patrick currently leads digital strategy for Conductor’s Professional Service team and brings over 10 years of organic search & digital ... [Read full bio] Advertisement Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! ThinkTank Webinar Making SEO Lemonade: Moving the Needle on Missed Opportunities Wed. June 21st, 2 PM Eastern Partner Stories How to Discover & Take Advantage of Hidden Ranks Search Podcast How to Build and Sell a Subscription-Based Company Ebooks The Beginner’s Guide to SEO Is Your PPC Agency Wasting Your Budget? Advertisement Advertisement Home Jobs About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Twitter Facebook Linkedin Instagram Youtube Google Pinterest Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Follow Us SEO ALL SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News ALL NEWS Most Read Paid search PPC Guide All Paid Search Paid Search 101 Digital Advertising Content Marketing All Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing Youtube Social media All Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Entrepreneur All Entrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management SEJ SUMMIT Advertise Toolbox
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN Trending Videos CBSN Live » CBSN How to protect yourself from cyberattacks like Wan... CBS Evening News Scalise has third surgery CBS Evening News Scalise's injuries CBS Evening News Congressional Baseball Game CBS Evening News Heroic cops CBS Evening News Cosby jury deadlocked CBS Evening News Warmbier's condition CBS Evening News Pelley on attack CBS Evening News London fire investigation CBS This Morning Rep. Williams & staffer on shooting CBS This Morning Congressional Baseball Game history CBS This Morning Shark threat impacts business CBS This Morning McChrystal & Fussell on leadership CBS This Morning Malcolm Gladwell on podcast CBS Evening News Dickerson on Sessions CBS Evening News Election hacking CBS Evening News Manhunt underway CBS Evening News Otto Warmbier released CBS Evening News Uber CEO takes leave CBS Evening News Kevin Durant's mother CBS Evening News Cosby jury deliberation CBS Evening News Sessions to testify CBS Evening News D.C., Maryland, sue Trump CBS Evening News Trump property events CBS Evening News Russia protests CBS Evening News Pulse nightclub massacre CBS Evening News 1 in 10 people obese CBS Evening News U.S. soldiers killed CBS Evening News Soldier turns on Americans CBS Evening News Military gains ground on ISIS CBS Evening News Trump criticizes Comey CBS Evening News Protest for civil rights CBS Evening News Controversial parade leader SciTech Mysterious, 2-headed sea creature stuns researchers SciTech How to watch as NASA launches colorful clouds SciTech Facebook using artificial intelligence to fight terrorism SciTech How future electric cars could recharge on the road SciTech 7 hints Apple dropped about the iPhone 8 SciTech These are the global hotspots for alien species SciTech Why some iMessage texts are blue and some are green SciTech Russian supply ship heads for space station SciTech Why ship that sank a century ago won't be raised SciTech Worm grows surprising mutation after space visit SciTech Virus scanner or malware? Beware app store fakes SciTech Cities publish deleted EPA data on their websites By Alfred Ng CNET June 13, 2017, 12:25 PM Virus scanner or malware? Beware app store fakes Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email In the wake of the WannaCry ransomware attack, 27 different apps materialized promising to protect your phone from the global cyber threat. But wait: WannaCry, which ensnared more than 200,000 computers around the world, doesn't target phones. It used an exploit, discovered by the National Security Agency and leaked by hackers, that targeted outdated Windows systems. Perhaps more alarming was that these apps were filled with malware — executing the very attacks these apps promised to protect against. First discovered by McAfee in late May, the flood of fake WannaCry protection apps points to a growing trend of viruses masquerading as antivirus apps. RiskIQ, a cybersecurity firm, found seven apps related to WannaCry in the Google Play store and two in Apple's App Store that demanded excessive permissions such as knowing your phone's wake password. One of the phony WannaCry apps is actually blacklisted by RiskIQ's standards because of the red flags it raised. Researchers found hundreds of fraudulent antivirus apps on the market — fakes packed with adware, Trojans and sources of malware. "There has been a recent rise in fake WannaCry 'protectors,' apps that use fear and hysteria around the self-propagating ransomware to drive downloads, even though mobile systems are safe from its impact," a RiskIQ spokeswoman said. It's another unsettling discovery among the many cyberthreats now hanging over our heads. With seemingly everyone and everything connected over the internet, we're all just one bad download or weak password away from a bad situation. In recent months alone, besides WannaCry, we've had to worry about malware in movie subtitles, Word docs and flash drives; breaches to a widely used password manager; and threats to the power grids make modern digital life possible. Danger by the numbers In this latest worrisome episode, out of 4,292 active antivirus apps, 525 set off malware alarms for RiskIQ. That means that more than one in 10 antivirus apps are traps waiting to push malware on your phone. Of those 525 fake virus protectors, 508 were in the Google Play store, researchers said, and the remainder from third-party app stores. RiskIQ looked through 189 different app stores to find fake antiviruses. "Google Play is one of the most reputable app stores in the world, so the fact that so many reside there shows the dangers facing mobile app consumers," said Forrest Gueterman, a security analyst for RiskIQ. Google didn't respond to requests for comment. RiskIQ said that with, for example, the "Androids Antivirus" app in the Mobiles24 app store, it discovered five different variants of malware written into its code, with fake alerts, Trojans and attacks on the Android operating system. It had been downloaded more than 3,500 times. "Antivirus Malware Trojan" had more than 10,000 downloads before the Play Store removed it, Gueterman said. The tech support scam that could kill your computer On Saturday, a Medium post by app developer Johnny Lin detailed how scammers made $80,000 a month through a fake iOS app called "Mobile protection: Clean & Security VPN." It rose to the top 10 grossing productivity app before it was removed from the app store. The phony app would scan your device's contacts and tell you your iPhone was at risk because it did not have a "Secure Internet." After installing it, Lin said, his phone displayed pop-ups for a bubble shooter game and a free antivirus trial, except that it was $99.99 for a seven-day subscription. "I was one Touch ID away from a $400 A MONTH subscription to reroute all my internet traffic to a scammer," Lin wrote. It received more than 50,000 downloads before the app was taken down. These apps are taking advantage of Apple's relatively new search ad functions, which has no filtering or approval process for ads, he said. RiskIQ recommends giving all apps a careful read before downloading. The majority of fraud apps are "riddled with grammatical errors," the company said. They were rife throughout the phony iOS app that Lin discovered. The free trial read, "ANTI VIRUS: Instantly use full of smart anti-virus." Not so smart after all. CNET Magazine: Check out a sample of the stories in CNET's newsstand edition. Technically Literate: Original works of short fiction with unique perspectives on tech, exclusively on CNET. This article originally appeared on CNET. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Brain Hacking The North Korean Threat Bruno Mars Hooked on your phone? Bruno Mars on songwriting: "It has to sound like me" Play Video Scalise has third surgery Play Video Scalise's injuries Play Video Congressional Baseball Game Play Video Heroic cops Play Video Cosby jury deadlocked Play Video Warmbier's condition Previous Next 27 Photos London high-rise fire 25 Photos Shooting in Alexandria, Virginia 74 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 11 Photos 2017's highest paid celebrities 85 Photos Tony Awards 2017 highlights Previous Next Most Discussed Top House GOP leader shot at congressional baseball practice In "he said, he said" with Trump, Comey has distinct advantage on Capitol Hill Trump tweets obstruction of justice reports are "phony" Jeff Sessions testifies before Congress in wake of Comey appearance -- live updates Trump breaks his silence on explosive Comey testimony New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Terms And Conditions DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Pitroski F Score Screener Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Q1 2017 About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Terms And Conditions DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Pitroski F Score Screener Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Q1 2017 Search for: Google Pixel 2 Concept, Taimen, And Manufacturer Update By Vikas Shukla on June 13, 2017 10:26 am in Technology ShareTweetPostFlip Google’s Pixel and Pixel XL were launched to a positive response last year. Rick Osterloh, the hardware chief at Google, has hinted that successors to the Pixel and Pixel XL were already in the works, and they would continue to target the premium market. Now a new Google Pixel 2 concept has emerged, showing what Google’s 2017 flagship could look like. Image Source: Muhsin M. Belaal Auckburaully / DBS Designing / Behance.com A stunning Google Pixel 2 concept It is not the first Google Pixel 2 concept we have come across, but it certainly looks stunning. The concept designed by Muhsin M. Belaal Auckburaully was posted on YouTube by DBS Designing. Muhsin’s concept is based on recent rumors and the fact that most flagship phones this year are going bezel-less. There are no side bezels. The top and bottom bezels have been reduced significantly compared to the original Pixel. The bezel-less display is a major shift from the dull and conventional design of the original Pixel. Most premium smartphones coming in 2017 sport a bezel-less display, or are rumored to opt for a bezel-less screen. This Google Pixel 2 concept has dual cameras The renders have no physical home button, and the fingerprint sensor is positioned on the back panel. Unlike Samsung Galaxy S8 which has the fingerprint scanner on the right side of the rear camera, Muhsin has placed the feature below the dual-camera system and LED flash. Yes, this Google Pixel 2 concept has two vertically arranged 12MP camera lenses on the back. The front camera is 7-megapixel. The dual-camera setup was expected on the Pixel 2. Other flagship phones coming in the second half of this year such as the iPhone 8 and Galaxy Note 8 are also rumored to sport dual cameras on the back. Muhsin imagines the device with a 5.7-inch Quad HD+ display, 6GB RAM, 128GB of built-in memory, IP68-level waterproofing, a USB Type-C port, and 3800mAh battery. It also offers support for Fast Charging. Snapdragon 835 or Snapdragon 836? The Pixel 2 may not require 6GB RAM, though. It will be the first smartphone to run the upcoming Android O right out of the box. The new Android OS will have a series of efficiency and performance-related optimizations that will reduce the need for more RAM. The rumor mill claims the Google Pixel 2 would be powered by Qualcomm’s 64-bit Snapdragon 835 SoC with Adreno 540 GPU. It’s the same processor that Samsung uses in the Galaxy S8. However, latest reports indicate that Qualcomm is working on an improved Snapdragon 836 chipset that would debut later this year. The Snapdragon 836 will be an improved version of Snapdragon 835, just like the Snapdragon 821 was an upgrade over the Snapdragon 820 last year. Pixel 2 could be one of the first phones to run the Snapdragon 836. Google Pixel 2, Pixel XL 2 code names The search engine giant has been working on the new flagship phone and Android O simultaneously. Back in March, Android fans discovered code names “walleye” and “muskie” in the Android Open Source Project (AOSP). Soon after, they found another code name “taimen” in the same AOSP. Google has a naming pattern where all its upcoming devices are internally named after aquatic animals. These code names suggested that the search engine giant has been working on three Pixel phones. If you compare the sizes of muskie, walleye, and taimen, you’ll be able to relate the code names with Pixel 2 models. Walleye is the standard Google Pixel 2. Muskie is the bigger Pixel XL 2 and taimen is expected to be an even bigger model. Google cancels muskie. Taimen to debut with walleye Sources familiar with the matter told Android Police that Google had canceled the mid-sized muskie device. The company would launch walleye (Pixel 2) and taimen (likely to be called Pixel XL 2). Taimen is said to have an even bigger display than the current 5.5-inch Pixel XL. Google is expected to retain the “XL” naming while increasing the phone’s display size. Considering the phone will have a bezel-less display, Google will be able to pack a larger screen without making the phone too large. It is unclear why the company decided to cancel the muskie. One reason could be that the Galaxy S8+ has a 6.2-inch display and the upcoming Galaxy Note 8 is said to feature a 6.3-inch display. So, a phone named Pixel XL 2 has to match them in screen size to justify the “XL” tag. LG Electronics to manufacture Google Pixel XL 2 aka taimen? After reports that Google has canceled muskie, folks at 9to5Google started digging into the Android Issue Tracker. They found that LG Electronics might be responsible for the production of taimen aka Google Pixel XL 2. Hosted by Google, the Android Issue Tracker is available publicly. 9to5Google found that an LG Electronics employee reported a “USB PD Compliance Failure.” In response, a Google employee asked the LG employee to close the bug and move it under Android > Partner >External > LGE > Taimen > Power. Here LGE is a reference to LG Electronics and taimen is the larger Pixel XL 2. The bug report also reveals that the taimen is called as “G011C.” The publication speculates that the Google employee might simply be asking LG to hide the bug from the public. LG and Google have had a long-standing partnership. The Nexus-branded phones were manufactured by LG. Earlier this year, Electronic Times reported that Google was in talks to invest $880 million in LG Display to secure the OLED panel supply for its upcoming phones. However, the standard Google Pixel 2 is likely to be manufactured by HTC, which was responsible for the original Pixel phones. According to DigiTimes, Google had signed a two-year contract with HTC. The Taiwanese company will be responsible for at least one model. Google Pixel 2 is expected to launch in the fourth quarter of this year to capitalize on the holiday sales. Last year’s Pixel devices were launched in early October. Since the company has signaled that the new phones would target the premium segment, we can expect them to cost at least as much as last year’s models. The 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL were priced at $649 and $769, respectively. Tags: Google Pixel 2 Load Comments Send us your tips at tips(at)valuewalk.com Latest News From ValueWalk Can Psychology be Applied to Market Movements? Warren Buffett & Charlie Munger -EVERYTHING THEY EVER SAID on APPLE In Hong Kong, a parking space just sold for US$665,000 Warren Buffett & Jorge Paulo Lemann: On Leadership Are we all wrong about the vix? Copyright © 2017 ValueWalk - Privacy Policy Follow Us: Developed by ValueWalk Team
Search for: Home Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Home Android 10 Common Clash of Clans Problems and Fixes 10 Common Clash of Clans Problems and Fixes By Cory Gunther Posted on 01/30/2017 This guide will go over some common Clash of Clans problems users may face and how to fix them. It’s one of the most popular games on Android and iOS, with good reason. It’s extremely fun and very addicting. However, occasionally users run into problems. Like changing their name, transferring a village or switching to a new device. We get asked a lot of questions about Clash. From transferring the game from an iPhone to an Android tablet, switching phones, connection problems, lost villages and more. There are countless problems that can easily be fixed, or otherwise solved with the help of Clash of Clans support. Read: How to Transfer Clash of Clans to a New Phone Typically users don’t run into actual in-game problems. Instead, most of the questions being asked in forums are about minor things. However, there are still occasional bugs or problems you could face. The first stop for users is the official Clash of Clans support forum. Then continue on for more details and help with some potential Clash of Clans problems. With millions and millions of players on both Android and iOS, this game has its share of problems. The biggest concern for most comes from a lost village. With that said we’ll start with always backing up your Clash of Clans account or village. This can be done with Game Center, or Google+ on both platforms. Among other ways. Additionally, in January of 2017 the developers announced they are ending support for any device running iOS 5 or older. This doesn’t apply to most players, but if it does, learn more details here. Update your device or transfer your village before it’s too late. How to Backup Clash of Clans First things first, gamers should always tie Clash of Clans to either Game Center on iPhone and iPad, or use Google+ and Google Games on Android. This is a crucial step that ties the game to your Apple ID or Gmail. Perfect in case of loss, theft, damage to a device, or other situations. Start by opening Clash of Clans and hitting the settings button, which are three gear-shaped icons in a box near the bottom right. This is the main settings menu. In the middle and bottom is the important stuff. From transferring the game to another device, connecting to Facebook, or tying your game to Google or Apple’s Game Center. Click the bottom middle option and connect to Google Play, or the bottom for Game Center. This ensures you’ll always be able to recover your game. I’ve connected to Google+ with my gmail account. No matter what Android device I have, I can download Clash of Clans, connect to Google, and it will automatically transfer my entire village in seconds. I have the same village on more than one phone, and two different Android tablets. Read: Clash of Clans Update Problems Frustrate Gamers The same goes for Game Center. Simply connect to game center at the bottom of this settings screen, which will instantly connect Clash to that iOS device. With Android users can simply transfer the entire village with Google+, but iOS requires Game Center and using a link code. The bottom left is where you’ll need to click to connect to Game Center This is the first step all users should take, to ensure they’ll never lose a village. If this isn’t done, Supercell might be able to recover a village if you know the email account, name, clan name and other information, but it could take days or weeks to be recovered. How to Transfer Clash of Clans to a New Phone Whether it’s on Android or iOS, the process of transferring the game is rather easy. With iOS and Game Center you’ll need a device linking code. However, you’ll need both devices side by side to enter the code, or write it down. It’s crucial that you follow the first step mentioned above, and sign into Game Center or Google+ on your current device first before trying to transfer the game. Better safe than sorry. Read: How to Fix Clash of Clans Device Not Compatible Error  With Android, transferring your Clash of Clans village to a new device (phone or tablet) couldn’t be easier thanks to Google Play Games, and Google+. Download Clash of Clans on your new smartphone or tablet, go through the tutorial, then follow the steps from the video below. Simply connect and sign into Google+ inside the game and it transfers the data over. The process is slightly different with iOS, and users will need to use Game Center and the “link a device” code button shown at the end of the video, or in the screenshot below. Tap this to get started. With iPhone or iPad you’ll need the old device and the new one, which can be a problem if a device is lost or stolen. If so, contact Supercell for further assistance. On iOS hit settings > Link a device > and tap “this is the OLD DEVICE“. Clash will generate a code for you. Leave this on the screen, write it down, or take a screenshot. Do not lose it. Download Clash of Clans on your new iPhone or iPad, follow the same steps as above, but click “this is the NEW DEVICE” and enter the code. Sign into Game Center, and Clash will transfer to your new iOS device. It’s worth mentioning that if you download Clash on a new device and buy gems, or progress past Town Hall level 4, you can’t transfer your old game data. Meaning you’ll have to uninstall and reinstall the game, then try the transfer. So don’t play at all, and just follow the steps above to transfer an old village. If you try to transfer a village but your Gmail is tied to the wrong one, make a new Google account and re-connect it. Head to settings > accounts > add account > Google and make a new Google account. Then open Clash, and sync your current game to a new Google account. Then try again on your new device, and it should load the right village. Find a Lost Village If you have lost your Clash of Clans account or village by losing a phone, getting it stolen, broke, uninstalling the game or doing a factory data reset and did not have it backed up, only the support team can help you. Start the game, hit settings, and press “Help & Support” to get started. Users can also proceed by contacting Clash of Clans support here. Head to Help & Support, and tap the “Start a conversation” button on the top right. This will connect you with Supercell support, and they can try and track down and find your lost account. Having a unique name makes this easier. The following information will be needed to find a lost village: Name of the lost village Name of the clan the lost village is a part of (to help track it down) Town Hall level of your lost village Last date & time played Player level in village (if available) Provide all the details you possibly can, do not delete the pre-populated information on the lost village page, and Supercell may be able to find and restore your village. If you lost the village on iOS for any reason and didn’t have it backed up to Game center, the same steps as above will be required. Depending on the uniqueness of the name, clan name, and available information Supercell support should be able to find and restore your village. If the Clan name is “Clash of Clans” or something generic, where thousands of others used the same, it may be more difficult. Always have a unique player and clan name. Fix for “Link Error 102” Sometimes users may run into an odd “link error 102” while trying to play or transfer Clash of Clans using the device link code. In order for the link to work often-times both devices need to be connected to the same internet connection. Meaning connect both the old and new device to the same WiFi connection at home, or a public WiFi hotspot like at Starbucks. If one device is a smartphone, and you don’t have WiFi, tether the internet connection in and connect your tablet or the other device to the original, so they’re on the same network, and retry the link code. If this still fails, try another wireless network. Connect both devices to a friends wireless network, a public library, Starbucks, or AT&T WiFi spots around many cities. If this still fails, use the in-game support tab mentioned above and answer all of Supercell’s questions, and a support member may be able to resolve the issue. How to Change Your Name Changing your name in Clash of Clans was nearly impossible until an update to the game back in April of 2015. In April Clash of Clans received an update with tons of new features, as well as the option to change your in-game name once. This can only be done for Town Hall level 5 and above. Read: How to Change Your Name in Clash of Clans While on the regular home area looking at your base, tap the 3-gears shaped button near the bottom right of the screen. Then tap “Settings” and select the “Change Name” button. A box will pop-up instructing the user to change their name, but you will be warned this can only be done once. And one time only. Now that Clash of Clans has this as an option, you can only do it once. So choose wisely. Simply enter the new name you’d like to enjoy during gameplay, and select continue. You’ll be prompted to write it again confirming it’s what you want, then a third confirmation page will make you write CONFIRM in all caps. This is to ensure this is the name you want to use, and users will once again be reminded this is their one and only name change. If for whatever reason you’d like to change it again, you probably can’t, but emailing support with a valid reason the staff may grant users a second chance. This won’t be as easy, but it is possible. Gem Purchase Didn’t Come Through While most in-game purchases for things like gems goes extremely smooth, occasionally Android and iOS users will have problems. Sometimes the Android, Apple, or Supercell servers may respond slowly, return an error, or fail. If this is the case users are recommended to wait a few minutes, check their email to see if it went through. If the purchase was accepted, wait a few minutes and the purchase should show up. Try closing the game and restarting it. And the gems should arrive. Gem hacks typically don’t work, and those with a jailbroken iPhone can sometimes cause other issues. If a purchase isn’t received within 24 hours, contact the Google Play Store or iTunes for a refund. Supercell cannot verify a purchase if it doesn’t clear, so users need to request a refund through the app store. Click here for more details. On Android the process is easier, and if you received an email that you bought gems, the same in-game support tab should usually resolve the issue. Gems Disappeared Gems don’t just disappear in Clash of Clans. The only way for them to be gone, is if they’re used. Meaning buying a shield, a builders hut, boosting, spending gems on gold, elixir or dark elixir, or speeding up building or troop upgrades. If gems are used accidentally by friends, family members, or children, too bad. Supercell cannot or will not refund gems that are accidentally used. However, if a purchase or connection problem caused lost gems, try the step mentioned above, or contact support. Can’t Find A Clan in Search Searching for a Clan in Clash of Clans can be challenging, simply because there are millions of players. Open the game, and hit the blue “i” button by your name near the top left. Then select “search clans“. If you can’t find the clan in search it’s because the name wasn’t original, and too many others used the same name. Make sure you know the clan name, badge design and colors. Even the Clan War level can help you find the right one. How to Play on Android and iPhone Yes, you can play the same Clash of Clans village on both platforms. Playing Clash of Clans on your iPhone, but also want to play it at home on your Samsung Galaxy Tab or Nexus 7? Here’s how: To play the same village on two different devices that aren’t both Android or iPhone, uses the same steps as above. Use the link code instructions above and transfer your iPhone Clash of Clans village to a new device, which can be an Android device. Your village will still be accessible on both devices. Again, always sync to Game Center or Google+ to save progress. Other Clash of Clans Problems Overall there aren’t too many issues in Clash of Clans. It’s one of the most popular, stable, and best games on Android or iOS. While most of the issues users face have been detailed above, if you have any other issues head to the Clash of Clans support forum. If the game isn’t loading try rebooting your phone. If updates are failing try closing the game, closing apps like the App Store or Google Play, re-opening, and trying again. Typically these are all connection issues, not related to Clash itself. Slow load times, searching in matchmaking and other things are often based on connection, base layout, and other variables. If you have any other problems hit the link above and ask someone on the official forums, try the in-game support system, or drop us a comment below. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Share on Linkedin More In Android Google Pixel 2 Release Date, Features, Specs & Rumors The Google Pixel 2 release date is roughly four months away, and we’re already think… 06/15/2017 15 min read Samsung Galaxy Android 7.1 Update: 5 Things to Know Samsung’s Galaxy Android Nougat roll out has made substantial progress but one big q… 06/15/2017 11 min read OnePlus 5 Release: What You Need to Know The next big smartphone of 2017 will be the OnePlus 5. A high-end phone with an affordable… 06/15/2017 15 min read Load More In Android 83 Comments 83 Comments Salinajhone 12/04/2015 at 9:26 pm 15 my best friend’s step-sister makes $62 every hour on the laptop . She has been without work for 6 months but last month her pay check was $14905 just working on the laptop for a few hours. you can try here…. See More Reply vinoth 12/11/2015 at 3:41 am Please help me to update clash of clans Reply Diyy Hans 03/13/2016 at 4:27 am Brother install the old veraipn of coc it will return back. Email me ill sendyou the file. Reply Oskie 98-01 12/11/2015 at 1:44 pm I cant open my clash of clan latest update but always reloading and close again Reply avimann 03/09/2016 at 9:18 am same here dude if u got solution of this prblm then pls tell Reply Diyy Hans 03/13/2016 at 4:29 am Email me bro ill send the old version it will return your village Reply sithum 03/18/2016 at 12:25 pm [email protected] Reply Ben 04/23/2016 at 8:24 am [email protected] Reply Magandaquiambao 05/18/2016 at 10:18 am [email protected] Plz send me the old version Reply Diyy Hans 03/13/2016 at 4:28 am Brother reply my email [email protected] email me ill send older version of coc it will return back your accounts. Ill send the file. Reply Debbie 12/11/2015 at 5:39 pm Its telling me my device is not compatible Reply kerrie 01/10/2016 at 8:21 pm Try installing aptoide app Reply Raghunath 12/12/2015 at 7:44 am I can’t donet any troops in war base, When I click for donet the game was automatically exist. Another issue is “Short time Break” this update I don’t like. Reply marvin 12/12/2015 at 1:23 pm Same to Raghunath automatically exist when I donate troops in war preperation Reply Big T 12/13/2015 at 7:43 am Yes I am having same prob. War cc donation button closes out game. Reply mehedi 12/14/2015 at 6:05 pm Not only me but also all of my clan war members can’t donate troops during preparation day.please solve this problem immediately. My clan name is ” “BD FIGHTER” Reply Brad 12/14/2015 at 7:21 pm Same problem as above. Not able to donate during war prep, Reply rumon 12/15/2015 at 1:23 am i cant donate troops of my clan members war base….how can i or we solve this problem….. Reply Jill 12/17/2015 at 5:30 pm Cannot donate troops on prep day in clan thecutedoggys! Please fix. Multiple clan members! Reply Danny 12/19/2015 at 1:36 am Same here i cannot donate troops in clan castle during preparation. When i click the donate button it will hang for a while then the application will close automatically. This problem occur after the Dec. 10, 2015 update. Please fix this bug. Reply Horacio 12/20/2015 at 7:54 pm Same thing has above i cant donate in war prep it keeps exiting me out please please fix that Reply Terry 12/21/2015 at 2:22 am Found the fix. All you have to do is delete the app and reinstall. Worked for me and my whole clan. Make sure it is linked to your Game Center or google games. If not you will lose your account. Reply Ritesh Raut 12/21/2015 at 11:08 am i cant donate troops of my clan members war base….how can i or we solve this problem….. Reply john 01/15/2016 at 7:26 pm My clash of clans game won’t load just goes to black screen I need help Reply Angel 01/25/2016 at 1:32 am Stop using X mod that is the reason u guys cannot donate troops in war bases Reply death 01/27/2016 at 5:19 pm Had to hard set my tablet got my gmail all back up can even see that it’s still there but now it says my device does not support clash of clans …..I have had it on here sense the first day I bought it so mad Reply mastan 01/28/2016 at 1:02 am I can’tupdate my clash help me pplease Reply jay r 02/02/2016 at 1:36 pm Me to.I can’t update CPC help me plz Reply khan samser 02/07/2016 at 12:18 am Please help me clash of clan connection error problem solve Reply mark.(SYNIC) 03/06/2016 at 10:21 pm My gmail account have two village appear every Tim I’m trying to sing in, I’m using old version of CoC now to open my Th8 village, when I’ll try to sign using latest version of CoC my aTH8 villages has disappear… Reply Pushkar srivastav 03/10/2016 at 10:01 am Please join hindu samaj #LU9CJC8Q need some strong townhall 8 and 9 memebERS so please join and help my clan thanks Reply Roy 03/11/2016 at 3:20 pm Hi guys when I try to login in my account it disappear in just a second I try to reinstall my coc but its the same. I’m using tablet Acer A180!……someone can help please .. Reply Ade Ngatsi 03/12/2016 at 3:54 am I cannot login to coc….. (login failed please try later) this occured…. Please help me solve this problem Reply Diyy Hans 03/13/2016 at 4:31 am Email me brothers ill send old version of coc and it will return your village i did it just now. [email protected] Reply arnav 03/14/2016 at 9:14 am hey my account is showing that u have to logged to game centre on this device ? Reply Oun Ali Naqi 03/19/2016 at 12:43 am I was in town hall 7 when I open the game so my game closes and I came back to home Reply APURBO AFRIDI 03/19/2016 at 3:17 am Brother my coc didn’t connected with the Internet connection Reply Fahadkhan 04/27/2016 at 6:29 am i cant start clash of clan it sayes connection problam even my data is on i dont understant why did it happen…. Plzz help Reply APURBO AFRIDI 03/19/2016 at 3:19 am Please someone help me Reply limuel veloso 03/19/2016 at 9:11 am login failed,please try again later(1),this is the problem of my games Reply Magandaquiambao 05/18/2016 at 10:14 am Yah same hear,how can we fixed it Reply just me 03/20/2016 at 3:02 am Help me I can’t get back my acct I have a new device and my acc was th7 and I just downloaded it when I’m connecting my acct it didn’t work (already have a village?) That one was my problem can anyone can help me in my problem connecting my acc when I’m clicking sign in to already have a villge it just load then nothing happens and google play games don’t appear too help me to fix this Reply Gokuldavid 03/21/2016 at 6:02 am Game update but it is not open properly Reply Mia 03/27/2016 at 10:53 am I am playing clash for a long time now. My town hall is lvl7 waiting to be upgraded. I linked my village to Facebook. Didn’t link to Game Center. Today I logged into Game Center using a different email. After a while. I opened clash and saw a completely new village. The girl welcomed me like I was a newbie. Then I connected the lvl1 base village to my Facebook and it replaced the old base. I started a convo with help support. Waiting for a reply. Hopefully my base will be restored Reply mapram 04/11/2016 at 7:37 pm my village is th9.suddently my village is restarting from the begaing th1 so how can i get back my old village,th9 Reply Dragon Jaguar 04/22/2016 at 7:22 am My coc is not opening on my Samsung phn which used to open earlier suddenly it stopped working . I hv WiFi so no problem of net connection Reply Jarjis Tarafdar 05/10/2016 at 10:07 pm I can not found any massage option in new clash of clan update apps.Please help me because recently I have lost my village. Please my elder brother and sisters reply me.My email address is “[email protected] ” .Thanks Reply sumit 05/18/2016 at 2:32 am My game is not opening. Town hall 9 . screen iscoming showing loading. Pls help. From yesterday evening i am facing the problem. I uninstall face book. Should i reinstall the game ? It is not conected with Google id. Kindly help. Reply sumit 05/18/2016 at 2:34 am If i uninstall amd reinstall the gam Reply Magandaquiambao 05/18/2016 at 10:13 am My clash of clans does not work,it just only log in failed,how can i fix it? Reply Empire 05/24/2016 at 1:42 pm My clash won’t update. suck in loading screen and can’t even access the game.. Reply mubeen rehan 05/24/2016 at 3:53 pm i like clash of clans but new opsion i not send message for bluestacks Reply nguyenthethien19062003 06/20/2016 at 9:11 pm When i hit the setting button, the game crashes. Fix pls! Anyone? Reply zakiraisani 07/09/2016 at 11:47 pm [email protected] Reply Joseph 07/10/2016 at 12:52 am I have changed my village but when someone attacks it is the old one. Why? Reply harsh 07/19/2016 at 9:33 am Please any one help me Reply Rs ifte 08/06/2016 at 10:23 pm My game isn’t responding problem…..please help me…. Reply Rahul 09/04/2016 at 10:06 pm Please any clan lvl 8 to claim Reply Tan kian hiong 09/06/2016 at 9:20 pm My account clash of clans on block how I want unlock back? Reply Tan kian hiong 09/06/2016 at 9:22 pm Pls help me! Reply spkaranblogprabhakaran 09/07/2016 at 3:02 am my keypad is not working Reply zatin 10/08/2016 at 11:04 pm my keyboard is not working and there will be hang while playing coc plz help me any solution for it Reply zatin 10/08/2016 at 11:07 pm my keyboard is not working and it will get hang while playing coc any solution Reply Vaibhav Singh 01/06/2017 at 6:52 pm Sir I have done nothing to my village but my village disappeared I can’t see buildings in my villages and search village please solve my problem Reply tejas 02/13/2017 at 4:19 am dude i cant see my village ………….everything is there but they aint visible what should i do Reply Waseem Riaz 02/13/2017 at 10:51 pm My game was running well but a few days ago it was not loading only a black screen comes and nothing loads after it I have uninstalled and again installed but the same issue . Please help me Reply Manish Bansal 02/27/2017 at 7:45 am My game was running well but a few days ago it was not loading only a black screen comes and nothing loads after it I have uninstalled and again installed but the same issue . Please help me Reply Ashraf 03/02/2017 at 9:16 am I can’t entry into coc as it is showing “Loading….” and after sometimes it’s showing “Connection Lost”. HOW TO OVERCOME THIS PROBLEM GUY’S HELP ME PLEASE….. Reply a troubled user 03/03/2017 at 11:05 pm I cannot connect to google play it says connected but there shows no achievements Reply a troubled user 03/03/2017 at 11:07 pm I cannot connect to google play it says connected but there shows no achievements I m a th9 Reply Shaikh Haris 03/07/2017 at 7:40 pm I am not able to save the game on my gmail id..when i click the signin botton in the game ,my google play id opens but it doesn’t saves the game ….pls do reply cuz if by mistake also the game is deleted ill not be able to load it back My TH:7 VILLAGE NAME :HARIS SHAIKH Reply kamal 03/15/2017 at 4:39 am Why is my village invisible Reply rishi 03/18/2017 at 12:11 am i have 2000 thphy but now i have 1200 Reply Ryan 03/23/2017 at 10:46 am I have a galaxy s7 and none of the super cell games will open. Not even the splash screen, just black when I try to open. I’ve restarted my phone, turned it off and on (several times), and reinstalled the games. No luck. Reply Shayan das 03/24/2017 at 10:45 am I used parallel space to play Coc, my phone was reset after which I cannot load my village again. But my base is visible in the clan. The mail id I used now has a new base assigned to it. Plz help what to do ? Reply Lord Irah 04/06/2017 at 9:43 am my mobile is stolen along with my clash of clans village which was not signed in to google . can I get it back plz help.. Reply Gautham das.m 04/10/2017 at 10:44 am I joined a clan and I want to leave that clan its impossible The clan page not opening and there is no leave option there only blank The clan members also this problem I ask some co leader kick out But they have also this problem The clan page not opening there only blank……what will do ?????? Reply Gautham das.m 04/10/2017 at 10:46 am Please help me Reply Lord Irah 04/18/2017 at 6:47 am Gautham das.m u should ask supercell for this problem in “help and support” they will surely help u. Reply shovan 05/22/2017 at 8:54 am My game is not loading , it’s stuck on the main opening page where the clash of clans icon is. Any fix for this? I also posted a commented on Google play review but so far no help or reply from clash of clans developer team. Help me please.. Reply shovan 05/22/2017 at 8:56 am My game is not loading, it’s stun on the main page where there clash of clans logo is held. Any help is appreciated . It’s been like this for 3 days I’m worried because my Internet has no issue or anything. . Reply Shahid baig 05/23/2017 at 12:37 am The new version of coc i.e boat version is not at all loading on my smartphone and even i dint even attacked in the new land of the newest update so please reply me the solution Reply Joseph 06/13/2017 at 9:03 am Amusing concerning Clash Royale is that they launched new cards neardly every month, they need to focus instead on balancing thhe OP cards such aas Hog rider or what they called solo piig push Lol, luckily the Royale Giant was currently nerfed I thknk and also it caan be quickly killed unlike before where it could shot your tower 3 to 5 times easily. With the current changes now you have moe reaction time to defen your tower against this gigantic capturing cannon. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Follow GottaBeMobile 100 Best Android Apps for 2017 10 Best Third Person Shooter Games for Android Best Call of Duty WWII Deals 8 Best Galaxy S8 Screen Protectors Galaxy S8 Official Samsung Alcantara Case Review 2017 Dell XPS 15 Review Moshi Arcus Review: The Best Backpack I’ve Found Mevo Camera Review: Stream Live to Facebook or YouTube Like a Pro © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved, SXL Media, Inc.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Andy Rubin on AmbientOS, future Essential products and AR [Interview] Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far June 13 GOOG: 953.40 10.50 Local Guides gets updated with 5 more levels and new ways to earn points Stephen Hall - Jun. 13th 2017 8:45 am PT @hallstephenj Google Google Maps local guides View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google today announced an update to its Local Guides program — perhaps the biggest one in a while. Starting today, Local Guides can reach up to level 10, whereas previously the “game” was capped at level 5. That means those who previously maxed out their points have reason to start updating Google Maps data again… Everyone can use an Echo Dot: Just $50! For Google, having their best Local Guides users hit the 500 point cap (at level 5) meant that their best contributors no longer had any motivation to keep contributing. Now, it takes a lot more to hit the ceiling of level 10 … 100,000 points to be exact. But Google is also changing up the points system with this update. Over the next few days we’re rolling out updates to the Local Guides program, including a new point system, new levels that unlock different kinds of perks, and new ways to earn points. With the new system, Local Guides “players” get more points for doing things that contribute more of the key Google Maps data that Google wants. Google says that things like “being the first to add a place to the map or leaving a review” now earn you more points then other, less important, contributions. Those who reach the higher levels are also more clearly identified in Google Maps: For levels 4-10, we’ve designed unique badges, giving guides at higher levels a new way to be recognized for their contributions, and helping users quickly identify the Local Guides who contribute the most. These badges will appear next to each Local Guides’ profile picture in Google Maps. Along with this, Google is revamping the rewards system a bit as well. Level 2 gets you early access to some product features and occasional perks from partners, as was the case before. Now, Local Guides that get to level 4 and up get a free three-month Google Play Music subscription and 75 percent off rentals in the Google Play Movie store. You can read the details on the new system at the Local Guides support site. Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Google Stay up to date on news from Google headquarters. Be the first to learn about plans for Android, Google Plus, Google Apps, and more! View THe Guide Google Maps View THe Guide local guides View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Google hires veteran Apple chip architect to work on Pixel phones Christian Zibreg on June 13, 2017 2 Veteran Apple chip architect Manu Gulati is now a Lead SoC Architect at Google, reveals his LinkedIn profile which states that he started in his new Google role in May. According to Variety, Gulati has been tasked with leading the effort to build highly optimized chips for Google’s Pixel smartphones in-house. He had been spearheading Apple’s own chip developments for close to eight years. By hiring an industry expert, Google is hoping to distance itself from the rest of the pack. Like other flagship Android devices, Pixel smartphones use Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 821 processor. This makes it harder for Google to differentiate Pixel devices from other Android phones. “In addition to Gulati’s hire, Google is now looking to hire additional chip experts to tightly control future Pixel hardware,” Variety learned from sources familiar with the hire. A custom chip would allow Google to develop a more secure smartphone with better camera features, advanced biometric authentication, optimized power consumption and so forth. iPhone 7, for example, is six times faster at image recognition than Google’s Pixel phone because its 64-bit A10 Fusion chip has a highly-optimized Image Signal Processor. And with iOS 11, Apple is integrating features like Metal 2, machine learning and augmented reality directly into a phone’s main chip, which would have been impossible if the company hadn’t closely controlled chip design. For those wondering, Apple’s Senior Vice President of Hardware Technologies, Johny Srouji, oversees the company’s semiconductor and wireless teams, reporting directly to CEO Tim Cook. “Johny has built one of the world’s strongest and most innovative teams of silicon and technology engineers, overseeing breakthrough custom silicon and hardware technologies including batteries, application processors, storage controllers, sensors silicon, display silicon and other chipsets across Apple’s entire product line,” according to his bio page on the Apple Leadership website. Johny joined Apple in 2008 to lead development of the A4, the first Apple-designed system on a chip powering iPhone 4 and the original iPad. Apple’s semiconductor team is comprised of engineers who worked at startups like P.A. Semi that Apple acquired after releasing the original iPhone. Apple’s logic was simple: it wanted to take its chip destiny into its own hands to tightly integrate the hardware and software, optimize device performance and power consumption and enable hardware features simply not possible on devices that use off-the-shel parts that are readily available to all vendors. Incredibly, the strategy paid off big time. Even the last-generation A9 processor inside iPhone 6s smokes competition in single-core performance, for instance. The A10 Fusion chip in the iPhone 7 family is even faster and Apple’s latest chip, the A10X Fusion inside the new iPad Pros, features 30 percent faster CPU performance and forty percent faster graphics than the previous generation. Tagged: Apple Chips Google Hiring News Pixel Semiconductors MORE FROM iDB Apple hires Qualcomm Vice President to lead its wireless chip project Apple, Amazon and Google in the bidding war to acquire Toshiba’s flash chip unit Apple hires COO and engineers from iPhone graphics provider Imagination Technologies Satyam Panchal who cares iphone still faster Ara Rezaee Apple would’ve done everything they could to keep him if he had anything more/better to offer. Featured Latest Daily Deals: $76 TP-Link Archer C7 router, $40 off Epson wireless printer, and more Interstellar, The Departed, and other movies on sale in iTunes right now Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Apace, SocialDownloader, TimeMover, & more… Sherpa, Trybeo, Beacon, and other apps to check out this weekend The best cases for Apple’s new 10.5-inch iPad Pro Apple’s free app of the week: Beat Stomper Google prepping new app for backing up your Mac to Drive Daily Deals: $76 TP-Link Archer C7 router, $40 off Epson wireless printer, and more IBM’s new Garage initiative aims to accelerate development of iOS enterprise apps How to switch from iOS beta to official iOS release Jailbreak News Eleven: an upcoming collection of iOS 11-like jailbreak tweaks Choose your default web browser in iOS with BrowserChanger10 This tweak makes Spotify album artwork display in full screen mode Make unlocking non-Touch ID devices quicker with Accelerated Unlock How to switch your jailbreak from mach_portal or Yalu to extra_recipe Apps Apple’s free app of the week: Beat Stomper Google prepping new app for backing up your Mac to Drive IBM’s new Garage initiative aims to accelerate development of iOS enterprise apps Twitter revamped with dynamically updated Reply/Like/Retweet counts, Safari Reader support & more Facebook for iOS now lets everyone use animated GIFs in comments Accessories Hands-on with Apple’s new leather case for Apple Pencil that prevents rolling and broken tips 60+ new Apple Watch features in watchOS 4 The best cases for Apple’s new 10.5-inch iPad Pro HomeKit gains easier setup with NFC/QR Codes, improved latency, support for sprinklers/faucets & more iOS 11 lets AirPods owners skip forwards and backwards between tracks with a double tap Deals Paste for $4 Aura Premium: Lifetime Subscription for $69 Mous Limitless Ultra-Slim iPhone Cases with Airo Shock Protection for $34 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Trending story The AdWords 2017 roadmap is loaded with artificial intelligence Don't ignore A beginners' guide to Bing Ads management Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. How to check if you’ve screwed up your AdWords account, v.2 Columnist Daniel Gilbert shares an updated version of an AdWords script that scans your account to identify some of the most common issues, including misspellings and outdated seasonal ads. Daniel Gilbert on June 13, 2017 at 10:09 am More If you can believe it, since publishing our first version of this script a year ago, Google has gone and changed AdWords again. And here we were thinking it would just stay the same forever — guess we were wrong! New AdWords stuff means new potential for screw-ups, hence the 2017 revamp. Who knows? Maybe we’ll do a new one every year (definitely don’t hold us to that, though). So, what’s new since this time last year? Well, we could mention the exact match thing, but maybe it’s better just to take a deep breath and put that one to the side for now. Otherwise, the biggest new addition is the launch of expanded text ads (ETAs). And, seeing as as we had to update the script for ETAs, we thought we’d also include sitelinks and callouts, just to be nice. So, without further ado, here’s our updated script for blunder-proof Google ads! (Legal Disclaimer: Brainlabs takes no responsibility for any blunders taking place after said script has been downloaded.) To use the script, copy the code below into your AdWords account, and then change the following settings: spreadsheetUrl is the URL of a Google Doc spreadsheet, which the results will be copied into. Create a blank spreadsheet and put the URL in here. Enter into the array campaignNameDoesNotContain a list of phrases contained in campaign names which you would like to exclude. These have to be in quote marks and separated by commas — for example, [“Display,” “Shopping”] to exclude all campaigns with names containing “display” or “shopping.” Enter into the array campaignNameContains a list of phrases contained in campaign names which you would like to include. Like campaignNameDoesNotContain, these should be in quote marks and comma separated — for example, [“Brand,” “Generic”] to include only campaigns with names containing “brand” or “generic.” You can leave campaignNameDoesNotContain and campaignNameContains blank, [], to include all campaigns. They are not case-sensitive. If you need to put a double quote in, put a backslash before it. If your account is large and the script keeps timing out, you could try running the script multiple times, using campaignNameContains or campaignNameDoesNotContain to look at different campaigns each time. If ignorePausedCampaigns is true, then the script will only look at currently active campaigns. Set them to false if you want to look at currently paused campaigns. You can use this to check new campaigns before they go live. If checkKeywords is true, then the script will check your keywords. If checkAdText is true, then the script will check your text ads for certain phrases (past years and seasonal events by default). If checkSpelling is true, then the script will see if some common English misspellings appear in your text ads. If the script times out when you try to run it, you could try setting two of the above three settings to false and one to true, so that you do one of the checks at a time. If checkExtensions is true, then the script will check your callouts and sitelinks for  specified phrases (if checkAdText is true) and spelling errors (if checkSpelling is true). If checkAllExtensions is false, then the script will check the extensions that have impressions with your filtered campaigns. (This is because the AdWords Scripts report won’t show campaign info if there aren’t impressions.) If it is true, then all callouts and extensions will be checked, regardless of whether they are attached to anything or have impressions. checkAdsFor is a list of pieces of text used to check your ads (if checkAdText is true). If an ad contains any of the specified text, it will be logged in the spreadsheet. We’ve suggested the past few years and a few holidays, but you could remove any you don’t want or add your own — they just have to be in quotation marks and separated by commas. Guess what? This isn’t case-sensitive. Using the power of regular expressions, the script will only check for whole words — if you’re checking for “Easter,” it won’t pick up ads that say “Eastern” or “feaster.” It will pick up “Easter’s.” The script looks at ad text as a whole, rather than line by line. That means that if you put “Black Friday” in checkAdsFor, it will spot if an ad says “Black” at the end of headline 1 and “Friday” at the start of the description. We’ve also stuck in an Advanced Option: misspellingsSheetUrl is a Google Sheet where we’ve included the most commonly misspelled English words (based on Wikipedia’s wonderfully useful list). If you’d like to use a different list — to reflect misspellings of your industry’s terms or for other languages — you can replace the URL with your own spreadsheet, and replace misspellingsSheetName with the name of the tab in your spreadsheet containing the misspellings. Just make sure it’s formatted the same: misspellings in column A and possible corrections in column B. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Daniel Gilbert Daniel Gilbert is the CEO at Brainlabs, the best paid media agency in the world (self-declared). He has started and invested in a number of big data and technology startups since leaving Google in 2010. Popular Stories The Periodic Table of SEO Success Factors: 2017 edition now released Setting up and testing AMP for WordPress: A quick 7-step guide Dear Google: 4 suggestions for fixing your massive problem with fake reviews Google’s mobile-first index likely not coming until 2018 at earliest Related Topics Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWordsGoogle: AdWords: AdWords ScriptsPaid Search ColumnSearch AdsSearch Ads: GeneralSearch MarketingSearch Marketing: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events White Papers The Definitive Guide to Engaging Email Marketing The Definitive Guide to Marketing Automation Top 5 Techniques for Converting Leads Through Cohesive Landing Pages The Multiplier Effect of Integrating Search and Social Advertising State of Digital Advertising 2017 See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Trending story The AdWords 2017 roadmap is loaded with artificial intelligence Don't ignore A beginners' guide to Bing Ads management Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Yet another study shows featured snippets lead to significant drops in organic clicks With Google showing more and more featured snippets, more studies are coming out showing how they impact the core web results. Barry Schwartz on June 13, 2017 at 10:16 am More In the past few weeks, we’ve had two studies that analyzed the impact of featured snippets in Google’s search results. Today, we have a new one from Visme published on the Ahrefs blog that shows search results with featured snippets lead to an 18.5 percent decrease in clicks on the main organic results. Nayomi Chibana from Visme analyzed 5,126 keywords and found 11,065 SERP features, including featured snippets, related searches, image packs and more. The data revealed that the more features appearing in a set of search results, the fewer clicks there are on the regular, organic results. Here’s a chart showing Google search results with featured snippets resulted in 18.5 percent fewer clicks than those without the non-organic feature: The study showed that over 50 percent of the queries did show featured snippets. Here is a chart showing the percentage of time a feature will show in the Google results: With featured snippets very likely to show in the Google results, this can be a concern for the site that doesn’t show up as the featured snippet. This study is filled with great data, and you can read the full study over here. About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Popular Stories The Periodic Table of SEO Success Factors: 2017 edition now released 2017 growth hacks: Optimizing organic market share Google’s mobile-first index likely not coming until 2018 at earliest SMX Advanced keynote: Google explains mobile-first, featured snippets data & more Related Topics Channel: SEOGoogle: Featured Snippets & Direct AnswersGoogle: SEO Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events White Papers The Definitive Guide to Engaging Email Marketing The Definitive Guide to Marketing Automation Top 5 Techniques for Converting Leads Through Cohesive Landing Pages The Multiplier Effect of Integrating Search and Social Advertising State of Digital Advertising 2017 See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Trending story The AdWords 2017 roadmap is loaded with artificial intelligence Don't ignore A beginners' guide to Bing Ads management Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Consumer Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Google doodle doubles as video game for Cricket fans To celebrate this week's ICC Championship tournament, Google designed a digital game of crickets playing... cricket. Amy Gesenhues on June 13, 2017 at 11:38 am More If you’re wondering what the ICC Champions Trophy is — and why it has its very own Google doodle, complete with an interactive game, on Google’s desktop and mobile home page — then you must not know cricket. Currently being played out in the UK’s Edgbaston Cricket Ground, Sophia Gardens and The Oval, this year’s International Cricket Council championship tournament includes teams from Australia, Bangladesh, England, New Zealand, India, Pakistan, South Africa and Sri Lanka. To celebrate the occasion, Google pulled together a team of engineers, sound designers, an art director and production staff to create the ICC Champions Trophy doodle and cricket-inspired video game. From the Google Doodle Blog: We know that cricket is loved worldwide, so we wanted to make sure our Doodle works for everyone, including those on slower mobile networks. We kept the file size fly-sized, and the result is our smallest interactive Doodle ever — even snail networks can load it in seconds. The Google Doodle team shared the following early animation drafts that led to today’s final design: Once players start the interactive game, they have the option to share the game on social feeds or send a link to it via email. The doodle leads to a search for “ICC Champions Trophy 2017,” and, oddly enough, it’s only being displayed on the US home page right now. About The Author Amy Gesenhues Amy Gesenhues is Third Door Media's General Assignment Reporter, covering the latest news and updates for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. From 2009 to 2012, she was an award-winning syndicated columnist for a number of daily newspapers from New York to Texas. With more than ten years of marketing management experience, she has contributed to a variety of traditional and online publications, including MarketingProfs.com, SoftwareCEO.com, and Sales and Marketing Management Magazine. Read more of Amy's articles. Popular Stories The Periodic Table of SEO Success Factors: 2017 edition now released Setting up and testing AMP for WordPress: A quick 7-step guide Dear Google: 4 suggestions for fixing your massive problem with fake reviews Google’s mobile-first index likely not coming until 2018 at earliest Related Topics Channel: ConsumerGoogle: Logos Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events White Papers The Definitive Guide to Engaging Email Marketing The Definitive Guide to Marketing Automation Top 5 Techniques for Converting Leads Through Cohesive Landing Pages The Multiplier Effect of Integrating Search and Social Advertising State of Digital Advertising 2017 See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... The largest of Google's 2017 devices, codenamed 'Taimen,' may be built by LG Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/12 8:32pm PDTJun 12, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 4 Share on Facebook 7 Share on Twitter Total Shares25 Google Leaks LG News Back in March, we learned that Google may be working on a third device for 2017, called 'Taimen' (Google traditionally names products after fish). This third model would be bigger than the next Pixel and Pixel XL, codenamed 'Walleye' and 'Muskie' respectively. It's not known for sure that Taimen will be a larger Pixel phone, just that it will be larger in size than Walleye and Muskie. Earlier today, we reported that Muskie has likely been cancelled, leaving Walleye and Taimen the only phones Google will reveal this year. Now it seems that Taimen may be manufactured by LG. 9to5Google spotted an issue on the Google Issue Tracker, titled 'USB PD Compliance Failure.' The second comment on the report seems to reveal that Taimen is being manufactured by LG, with the device being called "G011C" in the linked power report. Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X. Considering that the bootlooping Nexus 5X is still fresh on consumers' minds, with a lawsuit currently pending, it seems hard to believe that Google would be welcome to LG making another device. Personally, I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacturer (my Nexus 5 and 5X both died after about a year of use), but let us know what you think in the comments. Via: 9to5Google Tags bootloop Google LG taimen subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Logitech Harmony Elite only $250 at Amazon and Best Buy ($100 off) ... Next Story Logitech announces Circle 2 home security cameras—weatherproof, wired or wireless, and ... Trending 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments james fuston Can't agree. My Nexus 5 was fantastic and I'm totally fine with LG manufacturing a Pixel. Snowsky Mountain I'm hoping that even if there was a problem with some LG phones like the G4, they've fixed it by now with the V20 and G6. Those seem like (relatively) stable phones, at least compared to the G4 and V10. JSo I'm currently using a v10 after my Nexus 5X died. I'm scared for it every day now. Lol Randroid V20 still has the same issue: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The G6 hasn't been out long enough for us to know yet. (The 5X generally bootloops around the 13 month mark) Anthony Castanza Same, LG made the Nexus 4 and Nexus 5, two of the best phones I've ever owned, I'm willing to give them another chance. james fuston Not to mention the level of support Google offers on Nexus/Pixel phones is far superior to working directly with OEMs like LG. The Nexus (later Pixel) support team is easily one of the best customer support interactions I've ever had. aRvInD Everything was fine till Nexus 5. Other issues like Power button prob etc maybe there but LG was doing well in making compact phones, until phones #bootloop. If LG explicitly agrees this #bootloop issue and positively declares they've fixed this issue, like Samsung did with Note 7 battery explosion story on S8, I will be glad to hope on them... I have hope because my LG Nexus 4, still works nice/flawless for almost 5 years!... Giampi Had a Nexus 5 and sold to buy OPO (worst decision ever). I've had 2 5X (the first died because it fell into the toilet by my lovely son hands and the second one is working perfectly). Using a Pixel now but just because I wanted some new toy. c00ller Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information. Your positive experience with the Nexus 5 is obsolete and unrepresentative of the more recent LG manufactured devices such as the Nexus 5X (mentioned in the post, guess you didn't bother to click on the relevant link) and the G4. Get informed by checking out /r/Nexus5X for example (there is a stickied post titled, "Bootloop megathread 2.0" for crying out loud). After just a few minutes of browsing it should be crystal clear why most Nexus 5X owners will forever avoid LG (and dissuade their friends/family from choosing LG as well). BFRC As you might know, there is a very large gap between individual 5X devices. I have used the Nexus 5, and currently running the 5X, and both of these devices have worked flawlessly over the last few years. My gf has my N5 and is still using it, also satisfied with its performance. Because of it, there is a large split in confidence with LG for newer devices; I would still consider getting a new LG phone if I wouldn't be aware of the mass issues, whereas many others would definitely stay away from anything they'd produce. Jerzy Michał Pawlak My Nexus 5X bootlooped 13 months after purchase... so what? LG fixed it quickly and without fuss (we have 2 years manufacturer's warranty here) and the phone works great again. Problems can happen with every manufacturer (my old Samsung Note 2 bootlooped 4 months after purchase, due to faulty RAM) and LG has shown good quality of service in this case. Large_Hadron The other posters' experience of the Nexus 5 is relevant because the author of the article cited the 5 as one of the reasons they would avoid a LG-built Pixel. Actually I know several people who are still using Nexus 5s. I've only ever seen a 5X in the wild once. The G6 would be the obvious device to watch if you want information on LG's recent manufacturing, as that will be 6 months old by the time the next Pixels are released (I've not seen reports of it having problems yet, but let's give it a few more months). Ryan We get it, we know. But one phone (after all, the 5x is just a warmed over G4) being a screw-up doesnt negate they had a few years of greatness. Maybe they can get back there if they learn from their mistakes. james fuston Ah yeah, I forgot to mention my G6 is also great. hope that makes my opinion less "obsolete" in your mind. Raz My N5 is still going strong and I use it every day as my spare device. My wife and mother-in-law are using their N5X for more than one year without any issues. Don't discount a manufacturer for some bad phones. Samsung still owns a decent share of the Android market and are one of the few companies that had a device banned on most US flights. Just saying. FoxBJK Subreddits around old phones really don't have much to focus on years after the phone was released. Are 5 and 5x owners supposed to hop over to those subs just to say "My phone's working great, sorry you're all having trouble"? It wouldn't go well. What else are they supposed to talk about that wouldn't apply to other, more general subreddits? It's not a fair assessment to look at those subs, and it's just condescending to say someone's wrong because their phone still works, and they don't know anyone with boot loop issues. I don't know anyone personally suffering from those either, so am I wrong when I say the 5x was a solid device for the price? james fuston Pretty much this. Product-centric subreddits are, in my experience, 90% people who are having a really bad time (outside of the first month of a product launch, where they're all "GOT MY SHIPPING CONFIRMATION!!1!") instinct I was an LG fan after the Nexus 5 and the G2 and G3. I got burned with a G4 (bootloop) but stayed with LG for the G5 for removable battery. It's been a good phone so far, but I am not as big of a fan as I used to be. My brothers 5X and my friends G4's both bootlooped. However, if it's another Nexus 5, I'd probably get it. My favorite phone ever. Nick Coad "Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information." You are lacking current information as well, for example you don't know how many 5Xs were actually affected by the bootloop as a percentage of the overall units sold. I'm not saying the problem is not serious, or even that it is not widespread BUT what I am saying is WE DON'T KNOW how many units had the problem, so any declaration about the prevalence of the issue is based on conjecture, including yours. A subreddit especially is the most ridiculous source to cite for evidence of anything, especially a manufacturing defect, given that only users experiencing the problem are going to be posting. You have no idea how many users are out there using their Nexus 5Xs without issue (like me and a couple of my friends, for example). xyz No, thanks. Reddit is cancer. stirfry Hmmm. LG recently announced 2 year warranties, so it would appear they are standing behind their products. I will definitely be purchasing a LG Pixel 2. My hysterical friends can stuff their dissuasion. rebretz000 I still have my Nexus 5X and I never had any bootloop issues. If the new Pixel XL looks like the LG G6 I will be all over it. Randroid So many of LG's phones bootloop that there's a wikipedia page for "LG smartphone bootloop issues" that contains a list of LG phones that bootloop: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues I will not be buying another LG phone any time soon. ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ...until it boot loops XD VAVAMk_2 Mine still works thomas sim My nexus 5 not affected by infamous bootloop, but another infamous issue of power button failed after one year, replaced it cheap. Replaced battery recently and now in drawer as backup phone. My friend's 5X not so lucky though. Lost confidence on LG already. Ahmad El-Ibrahim It is scary to think LG would be manufacturing. Google really wants​ people to pick up Pixel Protect. Daniel That must be some tasty cereal.... AK Don't worry guys, it'll all be ok. This is not Nexus. This is Pixel. "Made by Google" Pixel. SomeGuy112 True, if LG is just the manufacturer and Google designs and engineers everything, there's hope. DragoCubed Isn't the comment you replied to sarcastic? SomeGuy112 Could be, too hard to tell since the Pixel devices have better build quality than the last two Nexus devices. Midnitte Doesn't matter how well something is engineered if it's put together with duct tape. SomeGuy112 Valid point. Duder12 My Pixel has been solid as fuck. Jealous? AK No, mine has served me well also... silzazsyh i think your post SOUNDED too sarcastic, but it's accurate because the pixels are great AK My bad, wasn't supposed to be. xyz Of all the things to envy other people for, a fucking phone isn't one of them. Get a life. Dirge Pass. Nicholas Matranga I had two Nexus 5xs bootloop. No thanks LG! vineeth pulipati That's a software issue though, not lg's fault caerestapermitido No. Kieron Quinn Ah yes, a software fault that happens regardless of Android version, and happens to many other LG phones too. Seems legit. Randroid Look at reddit.com/r/nexus5x a quick look into a few posts there will tell you that it is NOT software related. People blamed it on Nougat, but mine bootlooped while still on 6.0.1. Also relevant: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Snowsky Mountain Maybe it's so that it can have a bezel-less screen? I think HTC said they weren't able to reduce bezels because they were a smaller OEM, so maybe Google's going with LG because of that. heitor dude, i got a nexus 5 since 2013 and it's still handling things pretty fine. LG does a great job, you're talking shit Gjorgi Lazarovski Do you by chance have a g4, g5, v10, v20 or a 5X? If not your comment makes no sense since bootloop issues were being reported from the g4 onwards. Corbin Davenport Why would I lie about my phone dying? The power button got stuck, and it happened to a ton of people. Just do a search for "nexus 5 power button". https://www.ifixit.com/Answers/View/208337/How+do+I+fix+a+Nexus+5+Power+Button+Issue https://www.reddit.com/r/Nexus5/comments/2rpfuj/nexus_5_broken_power_button_keeps_rebooting/ https://forum.xda-developers.com/google-nexus-5/general/nexus-5-power-button-broken-heres-to-t3049747 https://protyposis.net/blog/replacing-the-nexus-5-power-button/ https://flothesof.github.io/fixing-Nexus5-power-button.html https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/nexus/XwJA0gi4tco Duder12 Whats ridiculous is you are just assuming that LG will have the same level of involvement with the Pixel 2 as they did with the Nexus 5x. The Nexus 5x was a partner device. For all we know LG is nothing but a Foxconn for the Pixel 2 Randroid Problem is that ALL recent devices made by LG are bootlooping, not just the 5X: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Randroid How about the bootloop issues on all of their recent phones? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues D13H4RD2L1V3 Mmmm, fishy cereal SomeGuy112 Google is trading fat bezels for bootloops, would rather have the fat bezels and better build quality from HTC. Rohan J Singh Best news all week .. lg any day over htc. If it's htc then mostly it will be based off u11 type shitty front design. Randroid I'm just gunna leave this here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Rohan J Singh Ofcourse they are going to work on it if they aim to compete with apple which they are Randroid Work on what? The bootloop issue that has been plaguing them for their last 5 releases? Yeah, you go ahead and be part of their test group. Let me know when your device bootloops. Rohan J Singh If i do buy this i will reply to you here, Bookmarked ! Orion Exactly! cadtek91 I dunno what the big deal is. LG and HTC are just manufacturers, like Foxconn is to Apple. Google has final say on design, schematics, layouts, testing, BOMs, components. SomeGuy112 Let's hope that's the case this year, the OG Pixel looks surprisingly simlar to other HTC designs, rumor was HTC gave Google a HTC phone template to base the original Pixel off of because they needed something fast due to a deal gone bad with Huawei, of course that's just a rumor though This year they had lots of time, so hopefully the design is somewhat more unique. Luxferro Don't forget the 6P's battery shutdown issues too. cadtek91 Yeah, that's Hauwei's fault though, not LG's. Patriciaahenry Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dg155c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dg155c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs445DirectGroupsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dg155c:....,.... Chris Thurber Why did you only work 90 hours in the last four weeks if you're making that much per hour? Why not work a normal 80 hour work week?? You'd be a millionaire? Hmm?? HMM??? Luxferro Re-read your initial comment, and tell me why your comment applies to the nexus 5, 5X, but not 6P. demarcmj The point of his original comment was that there is (or should be) a difference between Nexus devices and Pixel devices W.R.T. the role of the manufacturer. Meaning that the problems experienced on Nexus phones need not necessarily deter customers from a Pixel because in this case (theoretically) the phone is being designed by Google and the manufacturer is just building to print. VAVAMk_2 Crap batteries from Huawei. Can confirm. Once replaced they run fine. Luxferro I think part of the issue is Google and could be software too. The phone communicates with the battery over I2C bus. If the phone is at 30% battery, and all of a sudden it powers off and won't turn back on until you connect to a charger for a split second while you press the power button. Then it boots back up with 30% then why did it turn off? Did the cells go into some protection mode? Did the battery say we're running low and tell android to power off? Did the phone mis-interpret I2C communication and think it needs to turn off. I'm sure google could narrow down the problem if they actually looked at it - just monitor the I2C traffic to and from the battery. It's their phone... they sold and marketed it. Nope.jpeg I guess they all have pretty back customer support, so that doesn't matter, either. Large_Hadron The original Pixels had a lot more HTC design in them than Google's marketing would like you to think. I don't think it's a secret that they were a bit of a rush job (though they've overall held up pretty well despite that). Of course they shouldn't be a rush this time, so probably "designed by Google" will be more accurate this time. But I can still understand reservations if people have reason to distrust a particular manufacturer. Randroid Here's a list of LG phones that bootloop (Including the 5x): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The problem is with something at LG and the way they manufacturer their devices. They all bootloop. (All recent models at least) xyz Anything they can do to avoid blaming their precious Google. If the phone has the Google logo on it, then any problems with it are Google's fault. James Briano I'm going to have another look at that "Essential" phone Luxferro I think I'm buying that too. I have mine reserved. Time to try something new than a Google phone. Bombaglad the only thing bugging me about that phone is the absence of amoled wjrandon I never had a problem with my Nexus 5. Frankly I welcome LG over HTC. Considering the publicity of their past hardware problems I'm sure LG's engineers would make sure not to repeat any past mistakes. Bring on that massive 6 inch display. My body is ready! phineasjw I've always bought a new Android phone every two years, however similar to desktops, we've reached mobile CPU performance saturation. I've got a Nexus 6P and really feel no need to upgrade to a new $750 phone with only slightly better performance when the 6P is still blazing along. We'll see what the next Pixel iteration brings.. needa Buy a battery or two now, while you can still get OEM quality. You can thank me later. DragoCubed I'm still using my S4 :P WitnessG This kills the hype. Its hard to trust LG with their flaky past of bad quality. Luxferro The Nexus 6P has similar issues with it's battery... Henry Park That doesn't excuse LG in anyway shape or form, especially since G4 G5 V10 V20 all had similar boot looping problems. Manny Fleurmond V20? I own a V20 and have no problems Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues George famous last words... VAVAMk_2 Huawei used crappy quality batteries that degrade after a year. Replace the battery and it runs great again. I did. Roy But here Google design the phone, so it's different. JSo My Nexus 5X died on me. But my Nexus 5 still runs good. Go figure. I loved both phones though. Curtis Bond I'd sure as hell take LG over HTC. michael interbartolo Lg stepped up and fixed my wife's 5x at 13 months (though did take about 6 weeks) and my 5x at 18 months (turn around was a mere week) so hopefully they learned from their mistakes. portalpirate Poor HTC. Aaron Makes me wonder if the Pixel supply problem wasn't due to production issues at HTC. virk With a dead Nexus 5 and 5X lying around, I'm done with LG. Max If it looks somewhat similar to the G6 shape, keeps the Pixel smoothness and they don't make the mistake of making it larger than a S8+ then they'll have my money for sure! Dan Franchini An LG G6 with an SD 835 and pure Android. Sign me up. Bombaglad they'd need to revive old motorola for that (not the nonsense "moto" they've become under lenovo) Max Johnson I'm not concerned, doesn't seem to be a problem with the G5 and going forward. Bombaglad yeah, the g5 sucked, but didn't bootloop.... OR DID IT?! Christopher Bement Biased much? My N4 and G6 have been flawless, but like you, that's my experience. tim242 For fuck's sake. There is a class actin lawsuit over the issue. Duder12 Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. Randroid Problem is, Google will only perform the replacement if you bought the phone from the Google Store or from Project Fi. If you purchased it anywhere else, you have to go through LG. Luckily I purchased mine from Fi, so when mine bootlooped I got a replacement relatively quickly. destinyhud i know u think u r trying to over smart others but u need to stop. there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid I was referencing the current state of things with the 5x. The comment that I was replying to was talking about Google doing well with the 5x replacements, my comment was specifically about 5x replacements, and is 100% true in that context. Google HAS done a great job with replacements, but LG has NOT. The fact that Google is good at replacing LG's crappy phones is NOT a reason for me to buy a phone that is made by a company that is known for its shoddy hardware. Go ahead and buy more LG stuff. Have fun when it bootloops like the rest of them. destinyhud u r trying to troll with ur comments. u replied to this "Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. " I think u need to get a life. we all know it bootloops but what u r doing is childishly silly Randroid How is that trolling? I'm pointing out facts. Google is good about providing replacements for LG's screw-up; LG is not good at it. "we all know it bootloops" - no, if you read the comments on this page, not everyone knows it bootloops. destinyhud pointing out on every posts?? thats exactly why i said u r trolling with ur childishly silly troll post Ryan Cottrell Weren't all the rumors a year ago saying HTC signed a 2 year, 3 phone contract? Also, maybe they'll have LG make one with a bigger screen, a la G6 since it will minimize component costs, and HTC will make a normal, upgrade from current, Pixel. Si vis pacem, para bellum Given that LG makes the second best smartphone of 2017 so far after the S8, this is good news. Up until now I have never been able to buy any Nexus/Pixel smartphone or tablet in part because most of them weren't even sold here in Western Europe and in part because most of the time there always was some deal breaking spec (especially battery and storage related) and/or lack of some important feature, but I hope that can change soon. Until then, Google will continue to be totally irrelevant on the "hardware side" of the market. iKon It can never be the best phone of 2017, with a 2016 processer. Mike Bastable Well someone certainly has a beef with LG. Simply the most stupid article I have ever read here. Biased and ridiculous. Make me think that A.P. is doing on quality control and impartiality. Piss poor. whispy_snippet Mate. Calm down. Mike Bastable Zen here. However some of the recent articles seem like the ranting of Fanboys (usually found in the comments section) instead of researched articles. A.P is becoming less essential as a result, which is a shame. whispy_snippet Someone's ranting anyway. needa They are all becoming less essential. Nowadays it doesn't really matter what phone you buy... it's going to be a good one. At least AP dives into the code and gets their hands a bit dirty. Everyone else is either a corporate sellout like AC, has terrible page load times due to the ads like AA, or just copy pastes press releases and takes the weekend off like DL. Mike Bastable Points well made Sir_Brizz My Nexus 5 remains my favorite phone of all time. I would love to see a new device with similar design language. whispy_snippet Same here. I have a Pixel now but my old N5 still works! c00ller The number of strong, uninformed, and stubborn opinions in this comments section is a sad reminder of the state of society in general whispy_snippet If we see a hodge podge split design approach with the Pixel I'll be very surprised (and disappointed). DragoCubed It was a lazy design. Flint_PS I don't mind. I've had a Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and am currently using a Nexus 5X. Good phones (although not without faults, obviously), and LG warranty support is pretty great where I live. needa I don't know why you would stay away, unless LG is designing the Pixel from the ground up like they did the Nexus devices. LoE Am I the only one in the world with a perfectly working Nexus 5X? And a perfectly working Nexus 4 before that? I would welcome another LG phone. JD You sir have the unicorn. lomsha Some hope for reduced bezels then lol. Oliver Cervera ✔ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ My Nexus 5 is still rocking, Nexus 5X bootlooping :( Lawstorant Aaaaaaand my interest suddenly dropped to 0. Rohan My nexus 4 worked perfectly till I sold it early this year Dmitry Stepanushkin Same, but wife threw it on floor in underground train station, and screen became unusable. Last thing I did erased it remotely, then it bootlooped and I force powered it off and it went to recycle bin. tmartin yes, mine still runs well (for a phone as old as it is, of course). My N5X started boot looping a few months ago and I brought out my N4 for the month it took LG to fix the 5X. Needless to say, at this point I need a finger print sensor, but the N4 worked well and felt so great in my hand compared to the 5X. Rohan I would instantly get one, jsut for looks if they released a nexus Mini or something with upgrades specs and N4 design. I absolutely loved that phone. Jas Kapadia The leaks are coming! "itshappening.gif" Also thumbs up for that header image. Too good. Dmitry Stepanushkin Add "spoiler alert"😀 Duncan Booth My Nexus 5 got unreliable GPS after nearly 2 years, but was replaced under warranty. My Nexus 5X died completely after 18 months but was replaced under warranty. It's great getting a new phone paid for by Google every couple of years, so as long as they're happy to go with LG I won't have any complaints. Dmitry Stepanushkin Unfortunately not everyone able to get replacement. It FeelsBadMan when thing suddenly breaks and bought somewhere on Ebay. I prefer phones without known major defects over being able to maybe get replacement some day. Rob I'm still using my Nexus 5, and still love it. I won't buy another phone until someone makes a decent one with stock Android that's no bigger. Lucas Araujo Great news! If this is true, there is a chance that the new Pixel can be launched here in Brazil since HTC left the country a few years ago. I guess that you had some very bad luck with your Nexus's devices. I had a Nexus 4, 5 and 5x (my current phone). All of them are still working despite the cracked screen (my fault) and the power button not working properly on the N5. Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues TechGuy22 That's why there's a rumor about bezel being slim since HTC can't make good looking devices anymore Chris You kidding? Nexus 5 was absolutely amazing. yann933 Well considering my 5x just died this Friday, I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;) Looks like the Taimen will be getting 2 years of warranty guys!!!! /s Randroid Google only handles replacements if you bought from Google (or Project Fi.) People who bought from LG, their carrier, or any other source have to go through LG and some are waiting months for a replacement. I, on the other hand, did buy from Fi and got a replacement within about a week. destinyhud there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid As with my other comment, this was specifically talking about 5x replacements. NOT Pixel replacements. Still will never buy another LG phone because I don't want to HAVE to replace my phone when it bootloops. destinyhud no S/he was talking about pixel replacement. read again. his old phone died and "I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;)" Randroid has no problem even if it bootloops but u seem to have a problem with it. 4Ui812 I'm not sure it's the hardware that you have to worry about regarding any new Pixel (fixel) phone as much as it is the software. Randroid If it's made by LG, hardware is what you need to be worried about: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues 4Ui812 My first touch screen phone was a LG (can't remember the name of it) I bought (used) on eBay and never had a issue with it. I've also owned a LG DVD burner (still have it) and a tv in the past. I've only had a few experiences with LG products but every experience had been great. Maybe the company isn't so great anymore ? Randroid Yeah, things change. I *loved* LG's flip phones back in the day. I wouldn't buy a phone if it wasn't LG. But then when smart phones came out the quality was always lacking. Now that they've (kinda) caught up in quality as far as performance is concerned, other issues have popped up. I bought the 5X forgetting that it was made by LG. I honestly probably wouldn't have purchased it even back then if I had realized that fact. LG has never been on the top of the list for smart phones. They were alright for a time, but never on the top. PhantomGamers FWIW I got an OG Nexus 5 on release and it's still running pretty strong, my dad is using it now. Only issue is that the battery dies really fast now, might try and swap it out. Dmitry Stepanushkin I using mine as second phone. All good except battery and some lags coz "only" 2GB of RAM. ROB Be careful with swapping the battery... I killed mine... very depressing. It was a great phone. kamiller42 Cute picture. Spread the hate. I wonder if Samsung articles will be accompanied with images of roasted and burnt marshmallows. Naaaahh. someone755 No because that didn't happen on a mass scale and saw Samsung release a hardware revision that would get swapped out for consumers free of charge, and then later a software update that would render the devices useless. Samsung publicly acknowledged and apologized for the issue and worked together with people and companies to prevent further damage. LG, on the other hand, refuses to even put out a statement to either confirm or deny that the bug exists, despite having several lawsuits launched against them in recent history. The bugs affect many more people than Samsung's battery issue. Samsung should be praised or at least be given a pass because of the way they handled the situation. LG should be shamed both because it's basically stealing from its customers as well as for the waste their dead phones are generating. kamiller42 Samsung handled the issue. Claimed the issue was limited, claimed a fix which wasn't, and several more burned. I think Samsung did handle as best they could, but don't whitewash the event. Exploding phones is far more serious than boot loops. Yet, don't see AP dogging them. Also, not everyone is experiencing boot loops. someone755 Not everyone experienced a burning battery. My point is, and I think you know that, that Samsung reacted to the problem quickly and did several things about it. It may not have been perfect (it certainly wasn't), but it is commendable. LG's attitude is despicable and appalling. Randroid Samsung had 1 phone with an issue, and they quickly addressed it. LG currently has 5, and they still have yet to even try to address the issue. (I say "currently" because there isn't enough data to make a decision about some of their more recent releases.) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues kamiller42 Too quickly addressed. Huh? Recalled, said it was fixed, and then recalled again. No boot loop ever threatened anyone's life. Am I right? I think the Boot Loops cartoon and burnt marshmallows image are infantile. Randroid No bootloop ever threatened anyone's life? I guess you haven't been in an emergency situation without a cell phone. People whose phone have bootlooped are taking MONTHS to be replaced. A lot can happen when you're without a means of contact for 3 months. And again, they're still not comparable. Samsung quickly recalled the product when they found out about the issues. Yes, they messed up by rushing out a replacement that had a similar issue, but then (again) QUICKLY issued another recall. LG has known about these issues for YEARS and has done nothing to remedy them. kamiller42 Which would you rather have in your pocket, a boot looping phone or an exploding one? Randroid Neither, I'd rather the company take responsibility for the problem (like Samsung did) and return my broken phone. Instead, I've got a phone in my pocket that is waiting to bootloop at any time because they replaced it with the same device instead of giving me a device that has no issues. kamiller42 You're talking about response. I'm talking about the problems. I'll take the looping phone. You can keep the burnt leg. demarcmj "Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X." I'm confused by this line. Has the manufacturer of the "Walleye" been leaked yet? Patrick Smithopolis All the tech sites are pretty sure it's HTC. It was reported last year that HTC has an agreement with Google to manufacture the Pixel phones for two or three years. charlie Jason Hopefully LG is capable of making phones with thin bezels, unlike HTC. destinyhud did u miss the G6??? why hopefully? they can make one matteventu I had all the intentions to change my 128GB Pixel XL for the "Pixel XL 2" (or whatever it will be called, regardless of screen size - if not bigger than 6"), but £800 for some LG crap, no thanks, Google you're not going to see my money. Marcelove "I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacture" Yeah, let's buy chinese-slave-labor-made-phone from Xiaomi, Huawei and others instead... blindexecutioner My slave built OnePlus 3T is probably the best built phone I've ever used. You'd think those other manufacturer's could get it right if they're using higher paid free-living adults. Alex Kruger Before people start freaking out about LG, they fixed the design flaw that was leading to boot looping. They no longer have the battery and processor next to each other, they're in separate sides of the phone (processor is on top and the battery is in the bottom) with a heat pipe in between. They started doing this with the G6, which has not suffered and major boot looping issues, and has sold significantly better that the G5 and (I believe) the V10 and V20. I, and many tech bloggers (including Android Police) have been really impressed with the G6 and how well it's aging. Randroid You mean the G6 that release 2 months ago? Yeah, it's aging well. The average time it takes for a 5X to bootloop is around 13 months, so there is no useful data as to how this device will handle at that point of its lifetime. Ryan I only finally had the bootloop issue but I had the extended warranty. While I am not as happy with my 5x my Nexus 4 was an EXCELLENT phone. I even fired it up and used it for the two days I had to wait for my replacement 5x. So, for me, if LG put as much effort into the Pixel as they did the Nexus 4 I could see it being interesting. But if its like the 5x no way, not for Pixel prices. Patrick Smithopolis My Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and Nexus 5X are all working without issue. tmartin Isn't Google supposed to be designing these from the ground up, with LG just acting as a manufacturing partner?? Or have we all moved past that? blindexecutioner Did people really believe that? The Pixel is very clearly an HTC designed phone. Berni Hargrove But wasn't that just because they were short on time? Mike I Author of this article is loose. LG 5x is not in a lawsuit. I'm staying away from you Corbin. tmartin Is Taimen going to be a tango phone? I'm starting this rumor if its not already out there. _jsw_ Literally came here to post this. I hope so, and, if it is, I'm buying it... assuming I don't buy the Asus Zenphone AR first. Tango isn't quite there yet, but it's so tantalizingly close. tmartin Yeah, I don't know. I was planning on getting the XL and Taimen sounds bigger than I want. But maybe I can be convinced. Then again, if I can't fit the thing in my pocket, kind of a deal breaker. tmartin It does sound like Google is wanting to do more with it. I'm skeptical of the whole VR/AR thing, but it is fun to watch it come together. _jsw_ I've got the Tango Tablet, which still runs but is getting really *really* old now (it's never been upgraded past KitKat!!). Still, I've done some coding on it and used it to build decent 3D models of spaces, but the sensors and CPUs weren't quite what I needed. Add a second actual camera on the other end/bottom for real stereoscopic range finding, and the potential is massive. A legit 3D scanner in your hand is an awesome concept. As far as AR/VR goes, though... I think you also need that second camera so that you can look "through" it when it's in a headset and still get stereoscopic vision. The Samsung Gear VR lets you do AR via a passthough of the camera when you're using it, but it seems too "flat" because of only having one "eye". I realize Google isn't going to have two rear-facing cameras, but... if someone would, that would finally be a useful VR/AR headset-capable device. disastrousrainbow I've owned three LG devices in my life. The G3, Nexus 5X, and G5. Neither one of those phone's ever boot looped for me. I'm not saying it's not a problem (because obviously it is for some) but judged off my experience, comments on here, and even the couple of friends I know that are using LG's, I feel as if the severity of this issue is due to a small minority making big noise about it. Shaun Smith Enter the G6 clone. Ugh Shaun Smith I know it's supposed to be bigger, but just remembering when Google asked Moto for a big phone and we ended up with a giant Moto X named Shamu cellabonez Time for sony to make a Nexus StankyChikin N5, G4, V10, Currently on G6 - Have had them all.. Rest have been handed down and work great still. JOAT I had a Nexus 5x and needed a warranty replacement​. Please no, Google!!! sraj49 Let us not forget that the hardware and software is total responsibility of Google and LG had no day in it. I am surprised that a comment like this coming from the author whom I respect for a good analysis King_Android Essential "The Phone" FTW!!!!!!! Joshua Binyard I don't know of any manufacturer that hasn't had issues with their phones, at one point or another. No I'm getting my next pixel 2 "the biggest one" no matter who makes it. And if it acts up I will trade it in. I hope the phone and the case are released at the same time Roy I think it's great. Let's think about it for a little​. Google wanted LG's OLED and in the same time was looking for a new Factory to build the next Pixel. Maybe LG was like you wont our best displays first in line take us to build the next Pixel. In the meantime HTC can't hel to build the new pixel without big bezels and not enough big battery and if Google ever wanted to bring back the front stereo speakers it's really difficult with HTC. LG roking​ with the G6 with tiny bezels. So with LG'S new OLED they can save more place for compact design big battery and the way Google get great display more likely with HDR and can bring back the stereo speakers:) Everybody wins. blindexecutioner Any manufacturer is better than HTC. I hope Google takes some of LG's design the way they took HTC's dated design as well (Even though they say they were responsible or the design it was clearly HTC inspired just like the Nexus devices have always been). Indianajonze well they made the nexus 5 as well, and that phone was amazing. personally, i welcome any opportunity that allows for the possibility we'll get an lcd screen over oled... Gytole Had the G2,3,4,5 and V20, never had a bootloop. I'm for it. Lisandro what a way to kill a phone even before being manufactured Tech Dude My prior LG phones were great. LG G2 and a coupleof LG G3s still going strong as emergency devices. Now my Nexus 6P.. I'm on my forth. No more devices from Huawei. Morenicano That "Boot Loops" picture tho....... 😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Orion Ummmm no. Never seen any issues with LG. This will be my next phone if the specs come correct. xyz Bollocks. Nexus 5 was the best Google branded phone ever. Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 172 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 33 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 395 1 Year Ago Today Editorial: iOS 10 is Apple’s not-so-secret love letter to Android 2016/06/15 4:50pm PDTJun 15, 2016 52 2 Years Ago Today Google Maps Now Warns You If You Are Navigating To A Place That Will Be Closed When You Arrive 2015/06/15 2:52pm PDTJun 15, 2015 43 3 Years Ago Today PSA: No, The OnePlus One Is Not Waterproof, So Don't Try This At Home 2014/06/15 11:20am PDTJun 15, 2014 2 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Emancy: Borderline War, Shelter, And Beejumbled 2013/06/15 5:49pm PDTJun 15, 2013 21 5 Years Ago Today Zombies, Run! Spices Up Your Running Routine With A Little Undead Uprising 2012/06/15 10:20pm PDTJun 15, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today [Updated] EVO Shift 4G Gingerbread OTA Update Dropping June 17th 2011/06/15 3:41pm PDTJun 15, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today HTC Aria Coming June 20th To AT&T, Initial Hands-On Impressions Surface 2010/06/15 5:50pm PDTJun 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 30 Google adds Play Store support to more Chromebooks from Acer, Dell, ASUS, HP, Lenovo, and Samsung 2017/06/15 11:01am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 173 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 124 queries | 0.412s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... The largest of Google's 2017 devices, codenamed 'Taimen,' may be built by LG Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/12 8:32pm PDTJun 12, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 4 Share on Facebook 7 Share on Twitter Total Shares25 Google Leaks LG News Back in March, we learned that Google may be working on a third device for 2017, called 'Taimen' (Google traditionally names products after fish). This third model would be bigger than the next Pixel and Pixel XL, codenamed 'Walleye' and 'Muskie' respectively. It's not known for sure that Taimen will be a larger Pixel phone, just that it will be larger in size than Walleye and Muskie. Earlier today, we reported that Muskie has likely been cancelled, leaving Walleye and Taimen the only phones Google will reveal this year. Now it seems that Taimen may be manufactured by LG. 9to5Google spotted an issue on the Google Issue Tracker, titled 'USB PD Compliance Failure.' The second comment on the report seems to reveal that Taimen is being manufactured by LG, with the device being called "G011C" in the linked power report. Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X. Considering that the bootlooping Nexus 5X is still fresh on consumers' minds, with a lawsuit currently pending, it seems hard to believe that Google would be welcome to LG making another device. Personally, I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacturer (my Nexus 5 and 5X both died after about a year of use), but let us know what you think in the comments. Via: 9to5Google Tags bootloop Google LG taimen subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Logitech Harmony Elite only $250 at Amazon and Best Buy ($100 off) ... Next Story Logitech announces Circle 2 home security cameras—weatherproof, wired or wireless, and ... Trending 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments james fuston Can't agree. My Nexus 5 was fantastic and I'm totally fine with LG manufacturing a Pixel. Snowsky Mountain I'm hoping that even if there was a problem with some LG phones like the G4, they've fixed it by now with the V20 and G6. Those seem like (relatively) stable phones, at least compared to the G4 and V10. JSo I'm currently using a v10 after my Nexus 5X died. I'm scared for it every day now. Lol Randroid V20 still has the same issue: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The G6 hasn't been out long enough for us to know yet. (The 5X generally bootloops around the 13 month mark) Anthony Castanza Same, LG made the Nexus 4 and Nexus 5, two of the best phones I've ever owned, I'm willing to give them another chance. james fuston Not to mention the level of support Google offers on Nexus/Pixel phones is far superior to working directly with OEMs like LG. The Nexus (later Pixel) support team is easily one of the best customer support interactions I've ever had. aRvInD Everything was fine till Nexus 5. Other issues like Power button prob etc maybe there but LG was doing well in making compact phones, until phones #bootloop. If LG explicitly agrees this #bootloop issue and positively declares they've fixed this issue, like Samsung did with Note 7 battery explosion story on S8, I will be glad to hope on them... I have hope because my LG Nexus 4, still works nice/flawless for almost 5 years!... Giampi Had a Nexus 5 and sold to buy OPO (worst decision ever). I've had 2 5X (the first died because it fell into the toilet by my lovely son hands and the second one is working perfectly). Using a Pixel now but just because I wanted some new toy. c00ller Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information. Your positive experience with the Nexus 5 is obsolete and unrepresentative of the more recent LG manufactured devices such as the Nexus 5X (mentioned in the post, guess you didn't bother to click on the relevant link) and the G4. Get informed by checking out /r/Nexus5X for example (there is a stickied post titled, "Bootloop megathread 2.0" for crying out loud). After just a few minutes of browsing it should be crystal clear why most Nexus 5X owners will forever avoid LG (and dissuade their friends/family from choosing LG as well). BFRC As you might know, there is a very large gap between individual 5X devices. I have used the Nexus 5, and currently running the 5X, and both of these devices have worked flawlessly over the last few years. My gf has my N5 and is still using it, also satisfied with its performance. Because of it, there is a large split in confidence with LG for newer devices; I would still consider getting a new LG phone if I wouldn't be aware of the mass issues, whereas many others would definitely stay away from anything they'd produce. Jerzy Michał Pawlak My Nexus 5X bootlooped 13 months after purchase... so what? LG fixed it quickly and without fuss (we have 2 years manufacturer's warranty here) and the phone works great again. Problems can happen with every manufacturer (my old Samsung Note 2 bootlooped 4 months after purchase, due to faulty RAM) and LG has shown good quality of service in this case. Large_Hadron The other posters' experience of the Nexus 5 is relevant because the author of the article cited the 5 as one of the reasons they would avoid a LG-built Pixel. Actually I know several people who are still using Nexus 5s. I've only ever seen a 5X in the wild once. The G6 would be the obvious device to watch if you want information on LG's recent manufacturing, as that will be 6 months old by the time the next Pixels are released (I've not seen reports of it having problems yet, but let's give it a few more months). Ryan We get it, we know. But one phone (after all, the 5x is just a warmed over G4) being a screw-up doesnt negate they had a few years of greatness. Maybe they can get back there if they learn from their mistakes. james fuston Ah yeah, I forgot to mention my G6 is also great. hope that makes my opinion less "obsolete" in your mind. Raz My N5 is still going strong and I use it every day as my spare device. My wife and mother-in-law are using their N5X for more than one year without any issues. Don't discount a manufacturer for some bad phones. Samsung still owns a decent share of the Android market and are one of the few companies that had a device banned on most US flights. Just saying. FoxBJK Subreddits around old phones really don't have much to focus on years after the phone was released. Are 5 and 5x owners supposed to hop over to those subs just to say "My phone's working great, sorry you're all having trouble"? It wouldn't go well. What else are they supposed to talk about that wouldn't apply to other, more general subreddits? It's not a fair assessment to look at those subs, and it's just condescending to say someone's wrong because their phone still works, and they don't know anyone with boot loop issues. I don't know anyone personally suffering from those either, so am I wrong when I say the 5x was a solid device for the price? james fuston Pretty much this. Product-centric subreddits are, in my experience, 90% people who are having a really bad time (outside of the first month of a product launch, where they're all "GOT MY SHIPPING CONFIRMATION!!1!") instinct I was an LG fan after the Nexus 5 and the G2 and G3. I got burned with a G4 (bootloop) but stayed with LG for the G5 for removable battery. It's been a good phone so far, but I am not as big of a fan as I used to be. My brothers 5X and my friends G4's both bootlooped. However, if it's another Nexus 5, I'd probably get it. My favorite phone ever. Nick Coad "Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information." You are lacking current information as well, for example you don't know how many 5Xs were actually affected by the bootloop as a percentage of the overall units sold. I'm not saying the problem is not serious, or even that it is not widespread BUT what I am saying is WE DON'T KNOW how many units had the problem, so any declaration about the prevalence of the issue is based on conjecture, including yours. A subreddit especially is the most ridiculous source to cite for evidence of anything, especially a manufacturing defect, given that only users experiencing the problem are going to be posting. You have no idea how many users are out there using their Nexus 5Xs without issue (like me and a couple of my friends, for example). xyz No, thanks. Reddit is cancer. stirfry Hmmm. LG recently announced 2 year warranties, so it would appear they are standing behind their products. I will definitely be purchasing a LG Pixel 2. My hysterical friends can stuff their dissuasion. rebretz000 I still have my Nexus 5X and I never had any bootloop issues. If the new Pixel XL looks like the LG G6 I will be all over it. Randroid So many of LG's phones bootloop that there's a wikipedia page for "LG smartphone bootloop issues" that contains a list of LG phones that bootloop: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues I will not be buying another LG phone any time soon. ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ...until it boot loops XD VAVAMk_2 Mine still works thomas sim My nexus 5 not affected by infamous bootloop, but another infamous issue of power button failed after one year, replaced it cheap. Replaced battery recently and now in drawer as backup phone. My friend's 5X not so lucky though. Lost confidence on LG already. Ahmad El-Ibrahim It is scary to think LG would be manufacturing. Google really wants​ people to pick up Pixel Protect. Daniel That must be some tasty cereal.... AK Don't worry guys, it'll all be ok. This is not Nexus. This is Pixel. "Made by Google" Pixel. SomeGuy112 True, if LG is just the manufacturer and Google designs and engineers everything, there's hope. DragoCubed Isn't the comment you replied to sarcastic? SomeGuy112 Could be, too hard to tell since the Pixel devices have better build quality than the last two Nexus devices. Midnitte Doesn't matter how well something is engineered if it's put together with duct tape. SomeGuy112 Valid point. Duder12 My Pixel has been solid as fuck. Jealous? AK No, mine has served me well also... silzazsyh i think your post SOUNDED too sarcastic, but it's accurate because the pixels are great AK My bad, wasn't supposed to be. xyz Of all the things to envy other people for, a fucking phone isn't one of them. Get a life. Dirge Pass. Nicholas Matranga I had two Nexus 5xs bootloop. No thanks LG! vineeth pulipati That's a software issue though, not lg's fault caerestapermitido No. Kieron Quinn Ah yes, a software fault that happens regardless of Android version, and happens to many other LG phones too. Seems legit. Randroid Look at reddit.com/r/nexus5x a quick look into a few posts there will tell you that it is NOT software related. People blamed it on Nougat, but mine bootlooped while still on 6.0.1. Also relevant: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Snowsky Mountain Maybe it's so that it can have a bezel-less screen? I think HTC said they weren't able to reduce bezels because they were a smaller OEM, so maybe Google's going with LG because of that. heitor dude, i got a nexus 5 since 2013 and it's still handling things pretty fine. LG does a great job, you're talking shit Gjorgi Lazarovski Do you by chance have a g4, g5, v10, v20 or a 5X? If not your comment makes no sense since bootloop issues were being reported from the g4 onwards. Corbin Davenport Why would I lie about my phone dying? The power button got stuck, and it happened to a ton of people. Just do a search for "nexus 5 power button". https://www.ifixit.com/Answers/View/208337/How+do+I+fix+a+Nexus+5+Power+Button+Issue https://www.reddit.com/r/Nexus5/comments/2rpfuj/nexus_5_broken_power_button_keeps_rebooting/ https://forum.xda-developers.com/google-nexus-5/general/nexus-5-power-button-broken-heres-to-t3049747 https://protyposis.net/blog/replacing-the-nexus-5-power-button/ https://flothesof.github.io/fixing-Nexus5-power-button.html https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/nexus/XwJA0gi4tco Duder12 Whats ridiculous is you are just assuming that LG will have the same level of involvement with the Pixel 2 as they did with the Nexus 5x. The Nexus 5x was a partner device. For all we know LG is nothing but a Foxconn for the Pixel 2 Randroid Problem is that ALL recent devices made by LG are bootlooping, not just the 5X: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Randroid How about the bootloop issues on all of their recent phones? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues D13H4RD2L1V3 Mmmm, fishy cereal SomeGuy112 Google is trading fat bezels for bootloops, would rather have the fat bezels and better build quality from HTC. Rohan J Singh Best news all week .. lg any day over htc. If it's htc then mostly it will be based off u11 type shitty front design. Randroid I'm just gunna leave this here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Rohan J Singh Ofcourse they are going to work on it if they aim to compete with apple which they are Randroid Work on what? The bootloop issue that has been plaguing them for their last 5 releases? Yeah, you go ahead and be part of their test group. Let me know when your device bootloops. Rohan J Singh If i do buy this i will reply to you here, Bookmarked ! Orion Exactly! cadtek91 I dunno what the big deal is. LG and HTC are just manufacturers, like Foxconn is to Apple. Google has final say on design, schematics, layouts, testing, BOMs, components. SomeGuy112 Let's hope that's the case this year, the OG Pixel looks surprisingly simlar to other HTC designs, rumor was HTC gave Google a HTC phone template to base the original Pixel off of because they needed something fast due to a deal gone bad with Huawei, of course that's just a rumor though This year they had lots of time, so hopefully the design is somewhat more unique. Luxferro Don't forget the 6P's battery shutdown issues too. cadtek91 Yeah, that's Hauwei's fault though, not LG's. Patriciaahenry Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dg155c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dg155c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs445DirectGroupsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dg155c:....,.... Chris Thurber Why did you only work 90 hours in the last four weeks if you're making that much per hour? Why not work a normal 80 hour work week?? You'd be a millionaire? Hmm?? HMM??? Luxferro Re-read your initial comment, and tell me why your comment applies to the nexus 5, 5X, but not 6P. demarcmj The point of his original comment was that there is (or should be) a difference between Nexus devices and Pixel devices W.R.T. the role of the manufacturer. Meaning that the problems experienced on Nexus phones need not necessarily deter customers from a Pixel because in this case (theoretically) the phone is being designed by Google and the manufacturer is just building to print. VAVAMk_2 Crap batteries from Huawei. Can confirm. Once replaced they run fine. Luxferro I think part of the issue is Google and could be software too. The phone communicates with the battery over I2C bus. If the phone is at 30% battery, and all of a sudden it powers off and won't turn back on until you connect to a charger for a split second while you press the power button. Then it boots back up with 30% then why did it turn off? Did the cells go into some protection mode? Did the battery say we're running low and tell android to power off? Did the phone mis-interpret I2C communication and think it needs to turn off. I'm sure google could narrow down the problem if they actually looked at it - just monitor the I2C traffic to and from the battery. It's their phone... they sold and marketed it. Nope.jpeg I guess they all have pretty back customer support, so that doesn't matter, either. Large_Hadron The original Pixels had a lot more HTC design in them than Google's marketing would like you to think. I don't think it's a secret that they were a bit of a rush job (though they've overall held up pretty well despite that). Of course they shouldn't be a rush this time, so probably "designed by Google" will be more accurate this time. But I can still understand reservations if people have reason to distrust a particular manufacturer. Randroid Here's a list of LG phones that bootloop (Including the 5x): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The problem is with something at LG and the way they manufacturer their devices. They all bootloop. (All recent models at least) xyz Anything they can do to avoid blaming their precious Google. If the phone has the Google logo on it, then any problems with it are Google's fault. James Briano I'm going to have another look at that "Essential" phone Luxferro I think I'm buying that too. I have mine reserved. Time to try something new than a Google phone. Bombaglad the only thing bugging me about that phone is the absence of amoled wjrandon I never had a problem with my Nexus 5. Frankly I welcome LG over HTC. Considering the publicity of their past hardware problems I'm sure LG's engineers would make sure not to repeat any past mistakes. Bring on that massive 6 inch display. My body is ready! phineasjw I've always bought a new Android phone every two years, however similar to desktops, we've reached mobile CPU performance saturation. I've got a Nexus 6P and really feel no need to upgrade to a new $750 phone with only slightly better performance when the 6P is still blazing along. We'll see what the next Pixel iteration brings.. needa Buy a battery or two now, while you can still get OEM quality. You can thank me later. DragoCubed I'm still using my S4 :P WitnessG This kills the hype. Its hard to trust LG with their flaky past of bad quality. Luxferro The Nexus 6P has similar issues with it's battery... Henry Park That doesn't excuse LG in anyway shape or form, especially since G4 G5 V10 V20 all had similar boot looping problems. Manny Fleurmond V20? I own a V20 and have no problems Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues George famous last words... VAVAMk_2 Huawei used crappy quality batteries that degrade after a year. Replace the battery and it runs great again. I did. Roy But here Google design the phone, so it's different. JSo My Nexus 5X died on me. But my Nexus 5 still runs good. Go figure. I loved both phones though. Curtis Bond I'd sure as hell take LG over HTC. michael interbartolo Lg stepped up and fixed my wife's 5x at 13 months (though did take about 6 weeks) and my 5x at 18 months (turn around was a mere week) so hopefully they learned from their mistakes. portalpirate Poor HTC. Aaron Makes me wonder if the Pixel supply problem wasn't due to production issues at HTC. virk With a dead Nexus 5 and 5X lying around, I'm done with LG. Max If it looks somewhat similar to the G6 shape, keeps the Pixel smoothness and they don't make the mistake of making it larger than a S8+ then they'll have my money for sure! Dan Franchini An LG G6 with an SD 835 and pure Android. Sign me up. Bombaglad they'd need to revive old motorola for that (not the nonsense "moto" they've become under lenovo) Max Johnson I'm not concerned, doesn't seem to be a problem with the G5 and going forward. Bombaglad yeah, the g5 sucked, but didn't bootloop.... OR DID IT?! Christopher Bement Biased much? My N4 and G6 have been flawless, but like you, that's my experience. tim242 For fuck's sake. There is a class actin lawsuit over the issue. Duder12 Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. Randroid Problem is, Google will only perform the replacement if you bought the phone from the Google Store or from Project Fi. If you purchased it anywhere else, you have to go through LG. Luckily I purchased mine from Fi, so when mine bootlooped I got a replacement relatively quickly. destinyhud i know u think u r trying to over smart others but u need to stop. there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid I was referencing the current state of things with the 5x. The comment that I was replying to was talking about Google doing well with the 5x replacements, my comment was specifically about 5x replacements, and is 100% true in that context. Google HAS done a great job with replacements, but LG has NOT. The fact that Google is good at replacing LG's crappy phones is NOT a reason for me to buy a phone that is made by a company that is known for its shoddy hardware. Go ahead and buy more LG stuff. Have fun when it bootloops like the rest of them. destinyhud u r trying to troll with ur comments. u replied to this "Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. " I think u need to get a life. we all know it bootloops but what u r doing is childishly silly Randroid How is that trolling? I'm pointing out facts. Google is good about providing replacements for LG's screw-up; LG is not good at it. "we all know it bootloops" - no, if you read the comments on this page, not everyone knows it bootloops. destinyhud pointing out on every posts?? thats exactly why i said u r trolling with ur childishly silly troll post Ryan Cottrell Weren't all the rumors a year ago saying HTC signed a 2 year, 3 phone contract? Also, maybe they'll have LG make one with a bigger screen, a la G6 since it will minimize component costs, and HTC will make a normal, upgrade from current, Pixel. Si vis pacem, para bellum Given that LG makes the second best smartphone of 2017 so far after the S8, this is good news. Up until now I have never been able to buy any Nexus/Pixel smartphone or tablet in part because most of them weren't even sold here in Western Europe and in part because most of the time there always was some deal breaking spec (especially battery and storage related) and/or lack of some important feature, but I hope that can change soon. Until then, Google will continue to be totally irrelevant on the "hardware side" of the market. iKon It can never be the best phone of 2017, with a 2016 processer. Mike Bastable Well someone certainly has a beef with LG. Simply the most stupid article I have ever read here. Biased and ridiculous. Make me think that A.P. is doing on quality control and impartiality. Piss poor. whispy_snippet Mate. Calm down. Mike Bastable Zen here. However some of the recent articles seem like the ranting of Fanboys (usually found in the comments section) instead of researched articles. A.P is becoming less essential as a result, which is a shame. whispy_snippet Someone's ranting anyway. needa They are all becoming less essential. Nowadays it doesn't really matter what phone you buy... it's going to be a good one. At least AP dives into the code and gets their hands a bit dirty. Everyone else is either a corporate sellout like AC, has terrible page load times due to the ads like AA, or just copy pastes press releases and takes the weekend off like DL. Mike Bastable Points well made Sir_Brizz My Nexus 5 remains my favorite phone of all time. I would love to see a new device with similar design language. whispy_snippet Same here. I have a Pixel now but my old N5 still works! c00ller The number of strong, uninformed, and stubborn opinions in this comments section is a sad reminder of the state of society in general whispy_snippet If we see a hodge podge split design approach with the Pixel I'll be very surprised (and disappointed). DragoCubed It was a lazy design. Flint_PS I don't mind. I've had a Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and am currently using a Nexus 5X. Good phones (although not without faults, obviously), and LG warranty support is pretty great where I live. needa I don't know why you would stay away, unless LG is designing the Pixel from the ground up like they did the Nexus devices. LoE Am I the only one in the world with a perfectly working Nexus 5X? And a perfectly working Nexus 4 before that? I would welcome another LG phone. JD You sir have the unicorn. lomsha Some hope for reduced bezels then lol. Oliver Cervera ✔ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ My Nexus 5 is still rocking, Nexus 5X bootlooping :( Lawstorant Aaaaaaand my interest suddenly dropped to 0. Rohan My nexus 4 worked perfectly till I sold it early this year Dmitry Stepanushkin Same, but wife threw it on floor in underground train station, and screen became unusable. Last thing I did erased it remotely, then it bootlooped and I force powered it off and it went to recycle bin. tmartin yes, mine still runs well (for a phone as old as it is, of course). My N5X started boot looping a few months ago and I brought out my N4 for the month it took LG to fix the 5X. Needless to say, at this point I need a finger print sensor, but the N4 worked well and felt so great in my hand compared to the 5X. Rohan I would instantly get one, jsut for looks if they released a nexus Mini or something with upgrades specs and N4 design. I absolutely loved that phone. Jas Kapadia The leaks are coming! "itshappening.gif" Also thumbs up for that header image. Too good. Dmitry Stepanushkin Add "spoiler alert"😀 Duncan Booth My Nexus 5 got unreliable GPS after nearly 2 years, but was replaced under warranty. My Nexus 5X died completely after 18 months but was replaced under warranty. It's great getting a new phone paid for by Google every couple of years, so as long as they're happy to go with LG I won't have any complaints. Dmitry Stepanushkin Unfortunately not everyone able to get replacement. It FeelsBadMan when thing suddenly breaks and bought somewhere on Ebay. I prefer phones without known major defects over being able to maybe get replacement some day. Rob I'm still using my Nexus 5, and still love it. I won't buy another phone until someone makes a decent one with stock Android that's no bigger. Lucas Araujo Great news! If this is true, there is a chance that the new Pixel can be launched here in Brazil since HTC left the country a few years ago. I guess that you had some very bad luck with your Nexus's devices. I had a Nexus 4, 5 and 5x (my current phone). All of them are still working despite the cracked screen (my fault) and the power button not working properly on the N5. Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues TechGuy22 That's why there's a rumor about bezel being slim since HTC can't make good looking devices anymore Chris You kidding? Nexus 5 was absolutely amazing. yann933 Well considering my 5x just died this Friday, I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;) Looks like the Taimen will be getting 2 years of warranty guys!!!! /s Randroid Google only handles replacements if you bought from Google (or Project Fi.) People who bought from LG, their carrier, or any other source have to go through LG and some are waiting months for a replacement. I, on the other hand, did buy from Fi and got a replacement within about a week. destinyhud there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid As with my other comment, this was specifically talking about 5x replacements. NOT Pixel replacements. Still will never buy another LG phone because I don't want to HAVE to replace my phone when it bootloops. destinyhud no S/he was talking about pixel replacement. read again. his old phone died and "I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;)" Randroid has no problem even if it bootloops but u seem to have a problem with it. 4Ui812 I'm not sure it's the hardware that you have to worry about regarding any new Pixel (fixel) phone as much as it is the software. Randroid If it's made by LG, hardware is what you need to be worried about: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues 4Ui812 My first touch screen phone was a LG (can't remember the name of it) I bought (used) on eBay and never had a issue with it. I've also owned a LG DVD burner (still have it) and a tv in the past. I've only had a few experiences with LG products but every experience had been great. Maybe the company isn't so great anymore ? Randroid Yeah, things change. I *loved* LG's flip phones back in the day. I wouldn't buy a phone if it wasn't LG. But then when smart phones came out the quality was always lacking. Now that they've (kinda) caught up in quality as far as performance is concerned, other issues have popped up. I bought the 5X forgetting that it was made by LG. I honestly probably wouldn't have purchased it even back then if I had realized that fact. LG has never been on the top of the list for smart phones. They were alright for a time, but never on the top. PhantomGamers FWIW I got an OG Nexus 5 on release and it's still running pretty strong, my dad is using it now. Only issue is that the battery dies really fast now, might try and swap it out. Dmitry Stepanushkin I using mine as second phone. All good except battery and some lags coz "only" 2GB of RAM. ROB Be careful with swapping the battery... I killed mine... very depressing. It was a great phone. kamiller42 Cute picture. Spread the hate. I wonder if Samsung articles will be accompanied with images of roasted and burnt marshmallows. Naaaahh. someone755 No because that didn't happen on a mass scale and saw Samsung release a hardware revision that would get swapped out for consumers free of charge, and then later a software update that would render the devices useless. Samsung publicly acknowledged and apologized for the issue and worked together with people and companies to prevent further damage. LG, on the other hand, refuses to even put out a statement to either confirm or deny that the bug exists, despite having several lawsuits launched against them in recent history. The bugs affect many more people than Samsung's battery issue. Samsung should be praised or at least be given a pass because of the way they handled the situation. LG should be shamed both because it's basically stealing from its customers as well as for the waste their dead phones are generating. kamiller42 Samsung handled the issue. Claimed the issue was limited, claimed a fix which wasn't, and several more burned. I think Samsung did handle as best they could, but don't whitewash the event. Exploding phones is far more serious than boot loops. Yet, don't see AP dogging them. Also, not everyone is experiencing boot loops. someone755 Not everyone experienced a burning battery. My point is, and I think you know that, that Samsung reacted to the problem quickly and did several things about it. It may not have been perfect (it certainly wasn't), but it is commendable. LG's attitude is despicable and appalling. Randroid Samsung had 1 phone with an issue, and they quickly addressed it. LG currently has 5, and they still have yet to even try to address the issue. (I say "currently" because there isn't enough data to make a decision about some of their more recent releases.) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues kamiller42 Too quickly addressed. Huh? Recalled, said it was fixed, and then recalled again. No boot loop ever threatened anyone's life. Am I right? I think the Boot Loops cartoon and burnt marshmallows image are infantile. Randroid No bootloop ever threatened anyone's life? I guess you haven't been in an emergency situation without a cell phone. People whose phone have bootlooped are taking MONTHS to be replaced. A lot can happen when you're without a means of contact for 3 months. And again, they're still not comparable. Samsung quickly recalled the product when they found out about the issues. Yes, they messed up by rushing out a replacement that had a similar issue, but then (again) QUICKLY issued another recall. LG has known about these issues for YEARS and has done nothing to remedy them. kamiller42 Which would you rather have in your pocket, a boot looping phone or an exploding one? Randroid Neither, I'd rather the company take responsibility for the problem (like Samsung did) and return my broken phone. Instead, I've got a phone in my pocket that is waiting to bootloop at any time because they replaced it with the same device instead of giving me a device that has no issues. kamiller42 You're talking about response. I'm talking about the problems. I'll take the looping phone. You can keep the burnt leg. demarcmj "Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X." I'm confused by this line. Has the manufacturer of the "Walleye" been leaked yet? Patrick Smithopolis All the tech sites are pretty sure it's HTC. It was reported last year that HTC has an agreement with Google to manufacture the Pixel phones for two or three years. charlie Jason Hopefully LG is capable of making phones with thin bezels, unlike HTC. destinyhud did u miss the G6??? why hopefully? they can make one matteventu I had all the intentions to change my 128GB Pixel XL for the "Pixel XL 2" (or whatever it will be called, regardless of screen size - if not bigger than 6"), but £800 for some LG crap, no thanks, Google you're not going to see my money. Marcelove "I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacture" Yeah, let's buy chinese-slave-labor-made-phone from Xiaomi, Huawei and others instead... blindexecutioner My slave built OnePlus 3T is probably the best built phone I've ever used. You'd think those other manufacturer's could get it right if they're using higher paid free-living adults. Alex Kruger Before people start freaking out about LG, they fixed the design flaw that was leading to boot looping. They no longer have the battery and processor next to each other, they're in separate sides of the phone (processor is on top and the battery is in the bottom) with a heat pipe in between. They started doing this with the G6, which has not suffered and major boot looping issues, and has sold significantly better that the G5 and (I believe) the V10 and V20. I, and many tech bloggers (including Android Police) have been really impressed with the G6 and how well it's aging. Randroid You mean the G6 that release 2 months ago? Yeah, it's aging well. The average time it takes for a 5X to bootloop is around 13 months, so there is no useful data as to how this device will handle at that point of its lifetime. Ryan I only finally had the bootloop issue but I had the extended warranty. While I am not as happy with my 5x my Nexus 4 was an EXCELLENT phone. I even fired it up and used it for the two days I had to wait for my replacement 5x. So, for me, if LG put as much effort into the Pixel as they did the Nexus 4 I could see it being interesting. But if its like the 5x no way, not for Pixel prices. Patrick Smithopolis My Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and Nexus 5X are all working without issue. tmartin Isn't Google supposed to be designing these from the ground up, with LG just acting as a manufacturing partner?? Or have we all moved past that? blindexecutioner Did people really believe that? The Pixel is very clearly an HTC designed phone. Berni Hargrove But wasn't that just because they were short on time? Mike I Author of this article is loose. LG 5x is not in a lawsuit. I'm staying away from you Corbin. tmartin Is Taimen going to be a tango phone? I'm starting this rumor if its not already out there. _jsw_ Literally came here to post this. I hope so, and, if it is, I'm buying it... assuming I don't buy the Asus Zenphone AR first. Tango isn't quite there yet, but it's so tantalizingly close. tmartin Yeah, I don't know. I was planning on getting the XL and Taimen sounds bigger than I want. But maybe I can be convinced. Then again, if I can't fit the thing in my pocket, kind of a deal breaker. tmartin It does sound like Google is wanting to do more with it. I'm skeptical of the whole VR/AR thing, but it is fun to watch it come together. _jsw_ I've got the Tango Tablet, which still runs but is getting really *really* old now (it's never been upgraded past KitKat!!). Still, I've done some coding on it and used it to build decent 3D models of spaces, but the sensors and CPUs weren't quite what I needed. Add a second actual camera on the other end/bottom for real stereoscopic range finding, and the potential is massive. A legit 3D scanner in your hand is an awesome concept. As far as AR/VR goes, though... I think you also need that second camera so that you can look "through" it when it's in a headset and still get stereoscopic vision. The Samsung Gear VR lets you do AR via a passthough of the camera when you're using it, but it seems too "flat" because of only having one "eye". I realize Google isn't going to have two rear-facing cameras, but... if someone would, that would finally be a useful VR/AR headset-capable device. disastrousrainbow I've owned three LG devices in my life. The G3, Nexus 5X, and G5. Neither one of those phone's ever boot looped for me. I'm not saying it's not a problem (because obviously it is for some) but judged off my experience, comments on here, and even the couple of friends I know that are using LG's, I feel as if the severity of this issue is due to a small minority making big noise about it. Shaun Smith Enter the G6 clone. Ugh Shaun Smith I know it's supposed to be bigger, but just remembering when Google asked Moto for a big phone and we ended up with a giant Moto X named Shamu cellabonez Time for sony to make a Nexus StankyChikin N5, G4, V10, Currently on G6 - Have had them all.. Rest have been handed down and work great still. JOAT I had a Nexus 5x and needed a warranty replacement​. Please no, Google!!! sraj49 Let us not forget that the hardware and software is total responsibility of Google and LG had no day in it. I am surprised that a comment like this coming from the author whom I respect for a good analysis King_Android Essential "The Phone" FTW!!!!!!! Joshua Binyard I don't know of any manufacturer that hasn't had issues with their phones, at one point or another. No I'm getting my next pixel 2 "the biggest one" no matter who makes it. And if it acts up I will trade it in. I hope the phone and the case are released at the same time Roy I think it's great. Let's think about it for a little​. Google wanted LG's OLED and in the same time was looking for a new Factory to build the next Pixel. Maybe LG was like you wont our best displays first in line take us to build the next Pixel. In the meantime HTC can't hel to build the new pixel without big bezels and not enough big battery and if Google ever wanted to bring back the front stereo speakers it's really difficult with HTC. LG roking​ with the G6 with tiny bezels. So with LG'S new OLED they can save more place for compact design big battery and the way Google get great display more likely with HDR and can bring back the stereo speakers:) Everybody wins. blindexecutioner Any manufacturer is better than HTC. I hope Google takes some of LG's design the way they took HTC's dated design as well (Even though they say they were responsible or the design it was clearly HTC inspired just like the Nexus devices have always been). Indianajonze well they made the nexus 5 as well, and that phone was amazing. personally, i welcome any opportunity that allows for the possibility we'll get an lcd screen over oled... Gytole Had the G2,3,4,5 and V20, never had a bootloop. I'm for it. Lisandro what a way to kill a phone even before being manufactured Tech Dude My prior LG phones were great. LG G2 and a coupleof LG G3s still going strong as emergency devices. Now my Nexus 6P.. I'm on my forth. No more devices from Huawei. Morenicano That "Boot Loops" picture tho....... 😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Orion Ummmm no. Never seen any issues with LG. This will be my next phone if the specs come correct. xyz Bollocks. Nexus 5 was the best Google branded phone ever. Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 172 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 33 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 395 1 Year Ago Today Editorial: iOS 10 is Apple’s not-so-secret love letter to Android 2016/06/15 4:50pm PDTJun 15, 2016 52 2 Years Ago Today Google Maps Now Warns You If You Are Navigating To A Place That Will Be Closed When You Arrive 2015/06/15 2:52pm PDTJun 15, 2015 43 3 Years Ago Today PSA: No, The OnePlus One Is Not Waterproof, So Don't Try This At Home 2014/06/15 11:20am PDTJun 15, 2014 2 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Emancy: Borderline War, Shelter, And Beejumbled 2013/06/15 5:49pm PDTJun 15, 2013 21 5 Years Ago Today Zombies, Run! Spices Up Your Running Routine With A Little Undead Uprising 2012/06/15 10:20pm PDTJun 15, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today [Updated] EVO Shift 4G Gingerbread OTA Update Dropping June 17th 2011/06/15 3:41pm PDTJun 15, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today HTC Aria Coming June 20th To AT&T, Initial Hands-On Impressions Surface 2010/06/15 5:50pm PDTJun 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 30 Google adds Play Store support to more Chromebooks from Acer, Dell, ASUS, HP, Lenovo, and Samsung 2017/06/15 11:01am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 173 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 124 queries | 0.412s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple In Theory The Plum Line PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments30+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Innovations Tim Cook teases more details on Apple’s car project The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Brian Fung By Brian Fung June 13 Follow @b_fung (Mark Kauzlarich/Bloomberg) It might be the worst-kept secret in Silicon Valley that Apple has been working on something having to do with cars. The issue is, nobody outside of Apple could really say what the project has been about — until now. Apple chief executive Tim Cook has shed more light on his company’s automotive efforts, revealing that the company is “focusing on autonomous systems,” according to an interview with Bloomberg News published Tuesday. In plain English, that means the technology behind self-driving cars. Apple still won’t say publicly if it intends to sell a car of its own, but Cook’s remarks implied that the company is less interested in building a machine on wheels than developing the software or brains that could power one. Cook continued: “It’s a core technology that we view as very important.” He likened the effort to “the mother of all AI projects,” saying it’s “probably one of the most difficult AI projects to work on.” To see and interpret the world around them, self-driving cars require sophisticated computing and sensing systems. Artificial intelligence, or AI, can help make sense of that data. By analyzing thousands of hours of readings from test drives, companies such as Google and Ford hope that their machines will soon drive more safely and efficiently than humans can. This raises the possibility that, just as Apple and Google became the dominant companies in mobile operating systems with iOS and Android, the same will be true in the operating systems for self-driving cars. “Apple appears to be taking the same route as Waymo/Google, which is to focus on the technology of self-driving cars while leaving vehicle production to established automakers,” said Karl Brauer, an analyst at Kelley Blue Book. “This puts Apple and Google in direct competition, again. Are we looking at a future with two major autonomous vehicle systems just as we currently have two major smartphone systems? The answer seems to be ‘yes.’ ” The public got an early hint in April that Apple was interested in entering the self-driving car wars, when the company got permission from California regulators to test-drive a handful of modified Lexus SUVs on public roads. But it was less clear then just what aspect of self-driving technology Apple was pursuing. The company declined to comment for this story. Automotive analysts say that building lots of working cars, and quickly, can be a far more complex endeavor than building a smartphone or laptop. (Tesla’s struggles with meeting production targets offer further evidence of how challenging auto manufacturing can be at scale.) Cars have a lot of moving parts. Large, established players in Detroit enjoy huge economies of scale that can make it harder for a new entrant to get started. And, some say, whereas Apple’s success with the iPhone came at a time when most people didn’t have cellphones, the market for cars is already saturated, raising questions about how much money Apple could really make by selling actual cars. All that could help explain why Apple, despite being one of the world’s wealthiest companies, appears to be focusing more heavily — for now — on self-driving software. business on-innovations innovations Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters business on-innovations innovations Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 30+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecommunications, Internet access and the shifting media economy. Before joining The Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic. Follow @b_fung 32 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 Special counsel is investigating Trump for possible obstruction of justice, officials say 2 Dennis Rodman just gave Kim Jong Un ‘The Art of the Deal.’ And it may be a genius move. 3 Death toll in London inferno rises to 17 as investigators comb fire-gutted tower 4 ISIS drones are attacking U.S. troops and disrupting airstrikes in Raqqa, officials say 5 The NSA has linked the WannaCry computer worm to North Korea The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe business on-innovations innovations Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars SOCIAL Apple fixed its maps. Now Google is fixing its reviews Harrison Weber@harrisonweber June 13, 2017 8:19 AM Above: Google Maps Local Guides Image Credit: Google Google has spent years evangelizing local reviewers — since at least 2013, when the now defunct City Experts program launched, and again in 2015, when that program was replaced by Local Guides. But despite its reliable maps feature, reviews and photos on competing sites like Yelp and Foursquare often outdo Google’s own listings. Google could buy one of those companies — its parent Alphabet has about $92 billion in cash on hand — but instead the company is trying to reinvigorate its own service in an effort to keep up. Today Google expanded its Local Guides program with a new points system that incentivizes reviewers who leave “higher impact contributions.” The system now grades reviewers on a scale from one to 10 (up from one to five) and displays badges for each level (RIP Foursquare’s badges). Google is also offering short-term perks for existing contributors, including a free Play Music subscription and discounted rentals from Play Movies. Gamifying business reviews isn’t easy; it’s why Foursquare pivoted in 2014. But Google’s new badges and levels reflect the company’s determination to build a community on top of Maps. And whether Google succeeds or not, it’s still leaps and bounds ahead of Apple on the maps front. Although Apple Maps relies on Yelp for ratings and continues to improve, the company’s mapping reputation has been shot for years — even prompting a now-deleted apology from the CEO. VB Recommendations Nintendo Switch generated more positive E3 reactions than Microsoft Xbox One X AI Weekly: Voice is the killer interface VoiceLabs suspends its Amazon Alexa skill ad network Upcoming VentureBeat Events MB 2017 July 11 – 12 BLUEPRINT Sept 11 - 13 GamesBeat 2017 October 5 - 6
jalopnik Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video Jalopnik Reviews Foxtrot Alpha Black Flag Truck Yeah Lanesplitter The Garage Google's Little Koala Car Is Dead Ryan FeltonTuesday 11:13am Filed to: google waymo koala self-driving cars car technology 64 4 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Photo: Google In the brief history of autonomous cars, Google’s self-driving-koala-pod is probably the most recognizable of its kin. Introduced back in 2014, Google named it the Firefly, and on Monday, the tech giant announced the fleet is being retired. Google’s self-driving car project, now called Waymo, will focus entirely on integrating autonomous tech into vehicles like the Chrysler Pacifica minivan. Google's New Self-Driving Car Doesn't Have A Steering Wheel Google just unveiled its latest autonomous car, and it's a bulbous two-seater, with no…Read more Announcing the move in a blog post, Waymo said the prototype vehicle was the product of “countless hours of dreaming up what a fully-self driving vehicle could look like.” And for practical, economical purposes, the design of the koala-pod is sensible—even if it only traveled 25 mph. A wheel-free vehicle is still a goal on the minds of many involved in the autonomous car race, and Google’s pod was one of the most notable steps in that direction. Advertisement But as Google realized over time, building a car is really hard. So, like its tech compatriots, it’s focusing on perfecting the autonomous tech itself, and not a full vehicle. By focusing on mass-produced vehicles like the Pacifica minivan, we’ll be able to bring fully self-driving technology to more people, more quickly. The Pacifica minivans are equipped with our latest generation of custom-built radar, LiDAR and vision systems and an all-new AI compute platform, so they can see even further and sharper. They can also reach full speed (where the Firefly is limited to 25mph), and the interior is equipped with creature comforts that passengers expect in their vehicles today — which makes our initial fleet of 600 self-driving minivans a perfect fit for our early rider program. If you’re interested in checking out the Firefly at some point in the future, Google says they’re heading to Austin, Texas, in October to commemorate the two-year anniversary of the first autonomous ride in one of the koala pods. And Google says they’ll be on display at the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, California, as well as London’s Design Museum. Recommended Stories ​Of Course Chris Bangle Hates The Design Of Google's Self-Driving Car Google Paid ‘Fuck-You Money’ At Self-Driving Car Project So Staffers Quit When They Got Rich Google Reportedly Gives Up On Making Its Own Car Ryan Felton ryan.felton@jalopnik.com @ryanfelton13 Transportation & Technology Reporter, Jalopnik PGP Fingerprint: C2D6 26D4 7E43 ADD2 9229 23F7 CE72 0426 0831 BC76|PGP Key Reply64 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Jalopnik Cadillac Won’t Sell Customers The One Sedan They Actually Want Tuesday 10:55am Jalopnik What Was The Sketchiest Car You Ever Bought? Tuesday 11:55am Jalopnik Your SUV's Headlights Are Probably Trash Tuesday 9:33am Recent from Ryan Felton 11 82 4K Jalopnik · Ryan Felton Sacramento Is Electrifying Its Garbage Pick-Up  Yesterday 4:57pm 3 11 3.4K Jalopnik · Ryan Felton Uber Faces New Lawsuit Over Its Mishandling Of Rape Victim's Medical Records Yesterday 1:29pm 2 123 12.1K Jalopnik · Ryan Felton I'm Not Kidding Someone Bought A Parking Space In Hong Kong For $664,000 Yesterday 10:10am Deals · Shep McAllister This Giant Snickers Bar Is Designed to Be Shared (But You Don't Have To) Yesterday 4:29pm Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Jalopnik Store Redirecting to the Jalopnik store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Date: Log InSubscribeAdvertiseAbout UsContactArchives Home News Business National Review Opinion Op-Ed Editorial Letters Sports Lifestyles Health & Wellness Education Pulse Arts & Culture Spice Home & Fashion Religion Obituaries Today's News Bahamian speaks at Haiti Tech Summit Kristie Powell. CHESTER ROBARDS Senior Business Reporter chester@nasguard.com Published: Jun 13, 2017 Share This: Rate this article: Add To favourite Bahamian Kristie Powell, who is a senior technical solutions consultant at Google, told Guardian Business yesterday that she wants to see The Bahamas more abuzz about technology and Bahamians more engaged in it, outside of just the tech Bahamians receive and experience from its two mobile providers. Powell recently spoke at the first annual Haiti Tech Summit, where she presented for Google at the “Google Digital Marketing Workshop”, addressing more than 450 attendees. In attendance at the summit was venture capitalist Ben Horowitz, who delivered a keynote address expressing the importance of culture in communities and companies. The summit was held at Royal Decameron Indigo Beach Resort & Spa in Haiti. At the tech giant she is responsible for providing technical solutions to Google’s top partners in the online advertising arena. Powell's career began at Goldman Sachs, where she was an analyst in the technology division. In addition to her job at Google, she serves as chairman of the board of directors for Ionic 6, Inc., a technology, educational nonprofit based in New York, and serves on the board of trustees for the Jersey City Free Public Library. She has also served as a keynote speaker at the United Nations, and has been a contributor at the Eleuthera Business Outlook, where she spoke on the future of technology. Powell wants to see The Bahamas increase its understanding of technology outside of Bahamas Telecommunications Company (BTC) and Aliv. "BTC and Aliv are what we in The Bahamas consider the epitome of technology, but there is so much more," she said. She commended Aliv for its investment in St. John's College's electric car project, adding she is impressed that the company is paying attention to different types of technological endeavours outside of its industry. Powell wants The Bahamas and the Caribbean to be at the center of the race to harness the global power and benefits of technology. Add comment Comments Name:  Email:  Submit Note: Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. The Nassau Guardian reserves the right not to publish comments that may be deemed libelous, derogatory or indecent. Refresh   Work for us Community Relations Corrections/Suggestions Contact The Nassau Guardian Make us your homepage Events About Us Newsletter & alerts . Quick Links Home News Business National Review Opinion Sports Lifestyles Religion Obituaries Today's News TNG LinksAdvertise with usHelpContact UsPrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsSite Map © 2017 The Nassau Guardian. All Rights Reserved.
Middle-east Arab News Opinion | Asharq Al-awsat Planning a Trip With the Help of Google Home - ASHARQ AL-AWSAT English English edition of Asharq Al-Awsat - the world’s premier pan-Arab daily. News, Politics, Middle-East, Saudi Arabia, Oponion, and Lots more... ENGLISH EDITION OF ASHARQ AL-AWSAT فارسي FA عربی AR اردو UR Middle East Middle East Report Warns Against Sectarian Conflict in Syria in Wake of Displacement Putin Planning to ‘Bolster’ Syrian Regime Forces, Sees No Solution without US International Community Supports Gulf Solution to ‘Qatari Role’ Crisis Sudan: Ambiguity Surrounds Fate of Presidential Offices’ Director Crown Prince Conveys King’s Condolences to Family of Martyr Major Tareq Alaqi Custodian of Two Holy Mosques Receives Phone Call from British PM World World US Senate Punishes Russia, Iran with More Sanctions ISIS Hardliners Seize Control over Former Bin Laden Hideout China Nursery Blast: Seven dead, 59 Injured in Jiangsu ISIS Claims It Has Captured Afghanistan’s Tora Bora Caves Trump Blasts Media Report on Obstruction of Justice Death Toll in London Tower Block Fire Rises as PM Orders Public Inquiry Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia, Egypt Condemn Mogadishu Terror Attack France Mediates In Qatari Crisis Palestinian Chief of Intelligence: We Stand by Saudi Arabia, Refuse Iranian Projects Saudi, UAE, Egypt, Bahrain Diplomats Meet with Tunisia’s Foreign Minister King Salman to Receive Iraqi PM Wednesday in Jeddah King Salman Center Delivers Food Aid in Taiz | Opinion Opinion Iran: The Mullahs’ Discomfort With Persian Language Is Radicalism Possible Today? The EU Won’t Help a Weakened Theresa May UK: Two Failed Gambles Within Two Years ‘Starving The Beast’ Starts in Qatar Britain Will Pay for Theresa May’s Election Gamble Features Features US Cyberweapons Are a Disappointment Against ISIS After fleeing Raqqa, Indonesians Speak of their Journey to the Land of ISIS Gaza Faces Mounting Frustration as Hamas Marks a Decade of Independent Policy Paris Preparing ‘New Initiative’ on Syria Haqqani Network Denies Role in Latest Terror Attacks on Afghanistan Why Terror Suspects in Europe Slip Through Security Cracks Lifestyle Book Reviews A Rainbow That Makes the Heart Leap Aleppo: A City That Refuses to Die The Crossing Between the Ayatollah and the Marquis Fashion ‘Net-a-Porter’ Cooperates with Five International Designers to Serve Arab Woman The New Markets Enjoy Decent Fashion Designs Fashion, Politics to Dedicate 2017 to Women Out of Fashion: How Men Could Fall off the Catwalk Sports Ernesto Valverde Ready to Be the Resurrection at Barcelona Borrowed Time: Premier League Loanees Who May Make a Top-Flight Impact Next Season Kylian Mbappé in Poll Position as France Urges Change after World Cup Loss Riyad Mahrez: A Creative, Mooching Trend-bucker English Football Should Cherish Entertainment Producer Jamal El Adl: Sherihan Will Make a Comeback with Major Show Coming to Video Games Near You: Depressed Towns, Dead-End Characters The End of In-Flight Entertainment? Arab Film Institute (AFI) Launched during DIFF 2016 Business Planning a Trip With the Help of Google Home JUSTIN SABLICH3 days agoJune 13, 2017 253 The Google Home personal assistant. - New York Times Report Warns Against Sectarian Conflict in Syria in Wake of Displacement - Putin Planning to ‘Bolster’ Syrian Regime Forces, Sees No Solution without US - International Community Supports Gulf Solution to ‘Qatari Role’ Crisis - Sudan: Ambiguity Surrounds Fate of Presidential Offices’ Director - Crown Prince Conveys King’s Condolences to Family of Martyr Major Tareq Alaqi - Iran: The Mullahs’ Discomfort With Persian Language - Custodian of Two Holy Mosques Receives Phone Call from British PM - Iraq’s Popular Mobilization Forces Cross into Syria with Heavy Weapons - Brussels Hosts First “Olympics for Seniors” - 'Beirut Cultural Festivals' Features Biggest Lebanese Animated Movie New York – The Google Home personal assistant, a voice-activated speaker powered by Google Assistant, arrived in stores in November with some neat tricks for travelers: the ability to suggest nearby restaurants, translate foreign words, convert currency, track flight status and answer fact-based queries such as, “How much does Global Entry cost?” Roughly six months later, it’s doing things it couldn’t before, like tracking flight prices, giving directions and providing same-day updates on traffic to airports. Anyone vaguely familiar with other personal virtual assistants, like Alexa from Amazon or Siri from Apple, knows that this technology is a work in progress. But I was impressed with how far Google Assistant and Google Home have come in a short period, and it’s not difficult to see them becoming a larger part of travelers’ lives in the near future. The Basics The Google Assistant lives not only within the Google Home speaker, but also on Android phones and smartwatches and recently became available on iPhones. Continue reading the main story It is capable of a wide range of tasks beyond answering users’ questions. You can use your voice to control your home’s thermostat, play shows and movies on your television or play music throughout your house. The first and most important thing to know about Google Home is that while it speaks several human languages, it also has a language of its own. Google recommends starting each interaction with “O.K., Google” (“Hey, Google” works as well), which will prompt the speaker into receiving a query properly. It will light up and flash its signals when it’s ready. Patience is also crucial. If at first you don’t succeed, it may not be because of what you’re asking, but because of how you’re asking it. For example: Human: “O.K., Google, when does flight 3459 from Delta Air Lines arrive at La Guardia Airport?” Google Home: “Sorry, I’m not sure how to help. But my team’s helping me learn.” Human: “O.K., Google, when does Delta Air Lines flight 3459 arrive at La Guardia Airport?” Google Home: “Delta 3459 from Pittsburgh to New York City is delayed and arrives in 32 minutes.” Preparing a Trip I found this stage of my mock journey the most helpful and practical. Whether you need help deciding where to go or when to go there, Google Home has ideas. One of the neater tricks is asking it about what time of year is best to visit a city. Human: “O.K., Google, when is the best time to visit London?” Google Home: “According to Visit London, autumn is a lovely time to visit London, as the weather is mild (11 to 15 degrees Celsius)” — 52 to 59 Fahrenheit — “and you can enjoy a variety of annual events, from Total Thames Festival to Halloween celebrations. To read more, look for the link in your Google Home App.” On my iPhone’s Google Home app, there was a link to a visitlondon.com page with more details. What I found to be the most useful feature was the finding and tracking of flights, which harnesses the power of Google Flights. This aspect gives Google Assistant an edge over its competition (Alexa has some flight-tracking and -pricing features powered by Kayak, but not as many). Just ask it how much flights are to the city of your choice and give it your dates, and you’ll get the current price and be asked if you want email updates when the price changes. Human: “OK Google, how much are flights to Toronto?” Google Home: “Round trip flights from New York City to Toronto leaving in two weeks start at $181. Do you have any dates in mind?” Human: “May 12th to May 15th.” Google Home: “Round trip flights from New York City to Toronto leaving May 12th and coming back on May 15th start at $215. I can keep track of the cheapest flights for those dates. Would you like to receive emails with updates?” Human: “Yes, please.” Google Home: “Alright, you’ll receive an email if the price changes.” I did get an email a few days later letting me know that cheapest flight was now $262.\ An Evolving Sense of Direction While you’re finishing packing, looking for your passport and checking (twice) to make sure the burners are off, you can get a quick update on how long it might take to get to the airport. Human: “OK Google, how long will it take to get to LaGuardia airport?” Google: “With light traffic, it will take 8 minutes to drive to LaGuardia airport.” This sense of direction is not something Google Home had when it first came out, an example of its evolving capabilities. Before long you will also be able to book a car to the airport via voice, as the company says hands-free calls will be an option in the coming months. But when asking the assistant for directions, you do not yet get the detail you would if you were searching on Google Maps. When I asked Google Home how to get to La Guardia, it gave me only a general idea: “via 77th Street and Grand Central Parkway.” Similarly, if you’re trying to get from Point A to Point B once you’re in your destination city, Google Assistant gives you basic information, but it defaults to car directions, so you must specify how you want to get there. Human: “O.K. Google, how do I get from the Hockey Hall of Fame in Toronto to the CN Tower in Toronto?” Google Home: “Alright. The best way to get from Hockey Hall of Fame to CN Tower by car is via Front Street W and will take about 6 minutes in heavy traffic.“ Human: “O.K. Google, how do I get from the Hockey Hall of Fame to the CN Tower by public transport?” Google Home: “From Young Street and Front Street West take 121 towards west, 121 departing in 5 minutes.” Google will also give you the hours of operation if you ask, but cannot tell you what a ticket costs. At lunchtime, you’re better off asking a local for recommendations or searching Google Maps the old fashioned way (on your smartphone). I asked Google where I could “find a good sandwich near the CN Tower in Toronto,” and was given three highly-rated restaurants, but Sorella Sausages and Good Bite Restaurant were both roughly five miles away from CN Tower. The Bottom Line This technology is still in its early stages, so unless you’re already using Google Home as part of your daily routine, chatting with it is more of a fun thing for travelers to experiment with than a replacement for what you would normally use to help plan a trip. But the foundation is strong and its potential is exciting, and, as Google Home will sometimes tell you when it’s stumped, it’s “learning more every day.” The New York Times JUSTIN SABLICH More Posts Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Related GoogleGoogle homeiPhone’s Google Home app Previous ArticleLong Before It Lost Turf, ISIS Was Already Targeting BritainNext ArticleTheresa May’s Biggest Mistake What’s Trending Amaq – 24/7 News Agency Run by ISIS 46840 Saudi Sources: the Ultimate Solution in Yemen will Put an End to the Militias 34287 Crown Prince Patronizes Deluge 6 Exercise 29592 Air Strikes Target al Qaeda in Yemen, Troops Capture Aden District 28279 10,000 More Syrian Refugees to Be Taken in by Canada 27728 Join our social media 264kFans 126kFollowers 281Followers Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awsat Newsletter Email address PRINT SUBSCRIPTIONS DISTRIBUTION ADVERTISING TERMS & CONDITIONS PRIVACY STATEMENT ABOUT US SUBMISSIONS © Copyright 2016 Asharq Al Awsat - Sub Division of SRPC - Site Last updated June 16, 2017 8:06 am Middle East Opinion Saudi Arabia Features World Lifestyle This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Click to continue Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awast English Newsletter Email address
My Cart (0) Member Login | About Us | Become a Member | Contact Us Real Time Most Recent Articles Podcasts Newsletters Jobs Store Discussion Forum Topics Formats Articles Podcasts Online Seminars Tutorials Guides and Reports Tools Show All » Topics Most Recent Advertising Brand Management Career Management Content Customer Behavior Customer Relationships Email Marketing General Management Graphic Design Market Research Marketing Strategy Metrics & ROI Mobile Non-Profit Pricing Public Relations Sales Search Engine Marketing Segmentation Social Media Web Sites Word-of-Mouth Writing More Marketing Topics » Training MarketingProfs University PRO Membership Corporate Training Solutions See All » Events Schedule of Events Upcoming Conferences Online Seminars Virtual Conference Series Join Now Membership Benefits Products and ServicesJoin Now Login Topics Articles Podcasts Online Seminars Tutorials Guides and Reports Tools Real-World Education for Modern Marketers Join Over 600,000 Marketing Professionals Start here! N E X T Email Print Save Text:  A A LSI Keywords for SEO: What You Need to Know by Brad Keys  |   June 13, 2017  |  1,824 views Tweet Kindle Email Top LSI keywords are one of the latest and greatest trends and tools in search engine optimization. The snazzy sounding digital marketing acronym stands for latent semantic indexing, which isn't nearly as confusing as it sounds. It just means that an LSI keyword is a keyword that is commonly related to or paired with another primary keyword that people use to search. They are discovered over time based on data from people's search patterns and behavior, with various algorithms figuring out which search terms are related to one another. According to Google, LSI keywords are useful for making its search function better by guessing what people are really looking for, and it has recommended using them on your webpage to help improve its ranking. How Do LSI Keywords Improve Your Rankings? Search algorithms look over every webpage they can and determine exactly what that page is relevant for. In short, Google is identifying primary keywords and determining the topic of that page. Moreover, it's only natural that those primary keywords would be surrounded by hyper-relevant, similar, and supporting keywords. Enter LSI keywords: LSI keywords can be used to determine the content and quality of what's on each webpage. Overall, an optimal amount and use of both primary and secondary LSI keywords on a webpage greatly increase its chances of ranking highly. But let's take a deeper view into how Latent Semantic Indexing keywords can really help your content (and rankings) shine. LSI keywords protect your website. Finding good LSI keywords is helpful in avoiding penalties for using a primary keyword too much. Search algorithms have gotten much better at picking out keyword-stuffed content, which hurts your rankings. If you're trying to avoid this problem, or to recover from this type of penalty, replacing some of your primary keywords with LSI variations are an easy way to do so. If you think about it, LSI keywords appear naturally in deep and thorough content that answers the searcher's query—which is Google's mission, after all! Target more keywords. More keywords lead to more visits to a page, and more visits lead to more sales. The argument for using LSI keywords here is dead-simple. You can use different LSI keywords to not only make your content unique, convincing, and relevant to your visitors but also reach a larger audience and outrank your competitors. (Longer-tail keywords tend to be less competitive but they signal higher intent, so that is a true win-win here.) Help with paid search. Looking for creative ways to refresh and improve your PPC ads can be a time-consuming and draining process. Keywords are crucial in the limited space advertisements allow, but rephrasing your main keywords is limiting and isn't always enough. Incorporating LSI keywords into your PPC campaigns can do a lot to improve your conversions and give you useful marketing information; LSI keyword iterations can help with quality scores on broad match searches and show more relevant info to assist in conversions. An LSI Keyword Example Let's look at the search phrase "Commercial Washing Machines." When we type this into Google we receive the following autocomplete results: Now there are some great iterations in there, but since this is all still somewhat broad you will want to take it a step further. All the results mentioned the core keyword, but we are looking for LSI keywords. You can then take use a tool like LSI Graph to get the following results: Although there are some false positives with any of these tools, there are always some gems as well. This type of keyword research goes a long way toward helping the search engines and the users. But wait, there's more. Now that you've done the first couple of steps, go into AdWords and break out the trusty keyword planner tool. Grab one of the top-ranking search results for that keyword and plug the URL into [Your Landing Page]. We put ABT's Commercial Washing Machine Page into the trusty keyword planner under the URL input: The suggestions provided by a search engine when typing into the bar are the representation of years of hardcore data, giving you yet another layer of good LSI keywords that you should be targeting. Now, you are obviously not going to be able to do a great job of incorporating keywords in only a couple of hundred words of content. Google is favoring more thorough information for organic results, so a lot of websites (even e-commerce) should be considering adding more content to support these trophy phrases. We recommend approximately 1,000 words of content on your most important category and product pages. If you think about it, a lot of these keywords would naturally appear in good, thorough content anyway; now there is just more of a known formula to adhere to what Google is looking for. In real-life cases, incorporating LSI keywords leads to more rich and better content that keeps the user on the page longer, assisting in dwell-time length and decreasing bounce rate. Next, we'll go over some of the tools you can use to make your pages stand out as more relevant and rank higher in the SERPS. Top 4 Tools for Finding LSI Keywords The benefits of LSI keywords are numerous, and they speak for themselves, but how can you find them? You can use a thesaurus all you want, but ultimately you need to know what real-world search volume and patterns are telling Google. Besides Google Suggest, I'm giving a shout-out here to our top 4 favorite tools to help find LSI keywords. UberSuggest is a popular and powerful LSI tool that runs through every Google Auto Complete keyword for the term you give it. Its interface also makes it easy to use. This tool has helped us find less competitive keywords for newer clients to get them some quick wins as well as generate supporting keywords. LSI Graph is a free and simple keyword tool, easy enough for anyone to use. It simply asks you for a main keyword in the search bar and then generates a list of what it decides is the most relevant terms associated with it. Keyword Tool, a rival to UberSuggest, is a great alternative that works in a similar way. It helps figure out what keywords people are using in search and generates up to 750+ suggestions for any primary keyword. Google Keyword Planner Tool is an old-school but helpful tool that most markets are aware of and have probably used. While it's aimed at AdWords and requires you to log into a Google AdWords account, it can be used in a variety of ways and is tried and tested. Another way to use the Keyword Planner is to scan the top couple of organic results in the planner to identify partial matches and LSIs. Conclusion As Google continues to develop its deep learning algorithm assessing the most relevant and authoritative content, LSI keywords will continue to carry more weight. Adding this tactic to your overall strategy takes a little research and effort, but it can only help user experience and organic rankings and traffic. Jump on the LSI keyword bandwagon early to stand out before your competition does. Join over 600,000 marketing professionals, and gain access to thousands of marketing resources! Don't worry ... it's FREE! WANT TO READ MORE? SIGN UP TODAY ... IT'S FREE! Work email: We will never sell or rent your email address to anyone. We value your privacy. (We hate spam as much as you do.) See our privacy policy. Sign in with one of your preferred accounts below: Loading... Brad Keys is director of strategy and enterprise sales at search engine marketing firm 180fusion. He focuses on cutting-edge digital optimization tactics to support profitable and sustainable growth strategies for online businesses. LinkedIn: Brad Keys Tweet Content, Google, Keywords, Search Engine Marketing, SEO, Web Content You may also like Google Algorithm Updates: What You Need to Know About Fred ... Travel-Related Google Search Trends [Infographic] Google AdWords Updates to Keep in Mind in 2017 (Article 2 of 2) Google Search Algorithm Updates to Keep in Mind in 2017 (Article ... How to Use Google AdWords: 11 Steps to Success [Infographic] #SocialSkim: Facebook Outpacing LinkedIn for B2B, All About ... Online Reputation Manager Reveals Key ORM Process Details Google Paid Search Trends: 1Q17 Four Ways to Use Recent AdWords Updates to Power Up Your Ad ... Are Marketers Missing Opportunities to Seize Consumer ... The 20 Most Visible Sites on Google Search Results The 3Ps of the Future of Search [Infographic] Seven SEO Trends to Keep Up With in 2017 [Infographic] Eye-Tracking Study: How Consumers View Google Search Results for ... E-Commerce SEO for Product Pages: A 17-Step Guide [Infographic] JavaScript required to submit ratings... Rate this   Log in to add a rating Overall rating 1 rating(s) Add a Comment Comments by Jon Law Tue Jun 13, 2017 via web Great article Brad Another resource worth using is http://answerthepublic.com Simply add your country, type in the seed and you'll have loads of suggestions in a jiffy. Loads of these are questions, so excellent for sections within the copy or supporting blog posts. by Lois Wilson Thu Jun 15, 2017 via web I recently found great new tool https://k-meta.com/bases?q=seo%20keyword&country=United%20States for Keyword research to improve SEO in your project at K-meta tool. Subscribe Today IT'S FREE! Become a member to get the tools and knowledge you need to market smarter. we respect your privacy. Stay connected! Don't miss a bit of MarketingProfs ... join the 600,000 marketers following us. Most Popular How-to Articles Five Lessons for All Marketers From the Departure of Coke's CMO by Sam Melnick Five Popular Infographic Templates (And Why They Work so Well) by Payman Taei Three Strategic Marketing and Sales Mistakes to Avoid in 2017 by Brian Fravel LSI Keywords for SEO: What You Need to Know by Brad Keys Which Digital Channels Deliver the Best ROI? by Ayaz Nanji See more marketing articles » Editors' PRO Picks Seminar: Create Meaningful Experiences for Your Brand Brian Solis shares why great products, creative marketing, and delightful customer service are no longer enough to win customers. more Take 10: How to Leverage Your Online Community Presented by: Paul Chaney In just 10 minutes, we'll share six practical tips that will help you tap into your online community to grow your business and benefit your customers. more How-To Guide: Build Your Content Marketing Dream Team In this 22-page guide, you'll learn how to identify the key hires to get your team started, what traits and skills to look for in your key hires, how to manage freelancers, and much more! more SmartTools: Email Campaign Planner Through eight simple to follow, well-defined steps, SmartTools: Email Campaign Planner will help you establish an effective email marketing program to gather and convert leads. more How-To-Guide: The Perfect Pitch: Hit a Home Run With Every Headline, Subject Line, and Call to Action Learn how to write headlines that will inspire your audience to read and want more. more Seminar: SEO—How Customer Experience Impacts Search Learn the most important elements of, and key changes in, customer search behavior. We'll also cover how to drive conversations through SEO, content, and social media. more Take 10: Three Steps for Using Influencer Video to Increase Your Bottom Line Presented by: Mark Lerner In just 10 minutes, you'll learn three simple steps to source quality influencer video and use it to impact your bottom line in a meaningful and measurable way. more   MarketingProfs uses single sign-on with Facebook, Twitter, Google and others to make subscribing and signing in easier for you. That's it, and nothing more! Rest assured that MarketingProfs: • will not provide your social data to 3rd parties • will not contact friends on your network • will not post messages on your behalf • will not interact with your social accounts Your data is secure with MarketingProfs SocialSafe! What's new on MarketingProfs? Three Customer Feedback Myths That Deserve Busting 6/15/2017 at 10:00 AM Market Research 2017 Marketing Performance Benchmarks and Trends [Infographic] 6/15/2017 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy 127 Facts and Stats About Video Marketing [Infographic] 6/15/2017 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy Five Tips for Building Better Loyalty Emails 6/14/2017 at 10:00 AM Email Marketing Marketing and Podcasts: What You Need to Know [Infographic] 6/14/2017 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy When and Where Bloggers Blog 6/14/2017 at 9:00 AM Content Why Social Media Is the Best Thing to Happen to Marketing Automation ... 6/13/2017 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy LSI Keywords for SEO: What You Need to Know 6/13/2017 at 10:00 AM Search Engine Marketing Marketing Video: 10 Unexpected Business Benefits of Content Marketing 6/13/2017 at 10:00 AM Content How Much Digital Ad Spend Is Lost to Fraudulent Bots? 6/13/2017 at 9:00 AM Advertising Four Steps to Unlocking the Real Power of Marketing Personalization ... 6/12/2017 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy Three Strategic Marketing and Sales Mistakes to Avoid in 2017 6/12/2017 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy Event Marketing Trends: Top Promotional Tactics, Tech, and Metrics 6/12/2017 at 9:00 AM Marketing Strategy #SocialSkim: Facebook Plans New Messaging App, Instagram Hooks Small ... 6/10/2017 at 10:00 AM Social Media Three Ways Your Brand's Visual Identity Can Win (or Lose) New ... 6/9/2017 at 10:00 AM Graphic Design Three Essential Solutions for Your E-Commerce Marketing Stack 6/9/2017 at 10:00 AM Web Sites Fake News, Real Concerns: How Misleading Content Affects Advertising ... 6/9/2017 at 9:00 AM Advertising Google Algorithm Updates: What You Need to Know About Fred ... 6/8/2017 at 10:00 AM Search Engine Marketing The Future of Video in Marketing: Proof That Video Can Drive Sales 6/8/2017 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy Six Content Creation Tips for Big Results: The Contrarian Approach 6/8/2017 at 10:00 AM Content Resources MarketingProfs University What's New How-To Articles Case Studies Online Marketing Seminars Guides and Reports Store Newsletters MarketingProfs Mobile Apps Community Conferences and Events Discussion Forum Member Benefits Testimonials Join the Community Follow Us on Twitter Company About Us Executive Team Write For Us Speak For Us Advertise With Us Lead Delivery Solutions Original Content Services Affiliate Program Licensing/Republishing RSS/Syndication Partners Privacy Refund Policy Contact Us Marketing Topics Advertising Brand Management Career Management Content Customer Behavior Customer Relationships Email Marketing General Management Graphic Design Market Research Metrics & ROI Mobile Non-Profit Pricing Public Relations Sales Search Engine Marketing Segmentation Social Media Strategy Web Sites Word-of-Mouth Writing More Topics » Copyright © 2000-2017 MarketingProfs LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of use.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google can now map the air pollution levels of city roads: Firm can pinpoint toxic hot spots in a bid to help commuters find a healthier route Google has fitted a fleet of its Street View vehicles with pollution monitors The firm has released a prototype pollution map of Oakland, California The map details levels of nitric oxide, nitrogen dioxide and soot in the city The air quality project, launched in 2015, has already driven 14,000 miles (22,000 km) around the US By Harry Pettit For Mailonline Published: 11:36 EDT, 13 June 2017 | Updated: 11:36 EDT, 13 June 2017 e-mail 58 shares 5 View comments Google is now using its all-seeing Street View vehicles to map the pollution levels of city roads. The cars have been fitted with sensors to detect pollutants and map a city's most toxic hot spots in a bid to help commuters find a healthier route.  The map reveals that levels of harmful pollutants at junctions and crossroads are five to eight times higher than nearby streets. Scroll down for video Black carbon (soot) levels in the air around the roads of Oakland, California, as mapped by a new Google Street View project. The maps aim to help commuters avoid toxic fumes and more will be charted in future. The hotter colours show greater levels of pollution GOOGLE'S POLLUTION MAP PROJECT  Google and its partners have released a prototype pollution map of Oakland, California. The test map uses Google Maps's red, orange and yellow colour system, which normally indicates traffic levels.  The map lays out levels of several pollutants, including nitric oxide, nitrogen dioxide and black carbon (soot) emitted by cars and trucks. Google hopes the findings will help future town planners improve road layouts to minimise pollution. The air quality project, launched in 2015, has already driven 14,000 miles (22,000 km) around the US. The team believes that their mobile measurement system could be implemented in cities throughout the world in future.  The air quality project, launched in 2015, has already driven 14,000 miles (22,000 km) around the US and has now released a prototype map online.  The test map, which details pollution levels in Oakland, California, uses Google Maps's red, orange and yellow colour system, which normally indicates traffic levels. The hotter colours show greater levels of pollution,  Pollution hot spots found include the city's port, busy intersections, restaurants, warehouses, industrial plants and vehicle dealerships. Zooming in to the map reveals where pollution is highest along with extra, area-specific information on its causes. For instance, on one street in the map, the caption reads: 'Vehicles speed up here to cross under the 1-880 freeway and merge onto the bay bridge. They can release more pollution as they accelerate.' The map lays out levels of several pollutants, including nitric oxide, nitrogen dioxide and black carbon (soot) emitted by cars and trucks. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Jupiter is both the largest and OLDEST planet in our solar... Tim Cook confirms that Apple IS working on software for... Why your first impressions of people are often WRONG: We... Incredible world-first footage shows shape-shifting... Share this article Share 58 shares Google hopes the findings will help future town planners improve road layouts to minimise pollution. A Google statement read: 'With nearly 3 million measurements and 14,000 miles (22,000 km) captured in the course of a year, this is one of the largest air quality datasets ever published, and demonstrates the potential of neighborhood-level air quality mapping. 'This map makes the invisible, visible, so that we can breathe better and live healthier. Nitrogen Dioxide levels in Oakland, California. The air quality project, launched in 2015, has already driven 14,000 miles (22,000 km) around the US and has now released a map online Zooming in on the map reveals where pollution is highest in the city along with extra, area-specific information on its causes (pictured) 'It helps us understand how clean (or not clean) our air is, so that we can make changes to improve it.' The project is a joint venture between Google, the US Environmental Defence Fund and researchers at The University of Texas at Austin.  The team believes that their mobile measurement system could be implemented in many cities throughout the world, providing detailed air quality information for citizens, families, local governments and scientists.  Most large urban areas have only one air quality monitor for every 100 to 200 square miles (260 to 520 square km). Some of Google's Street View cars have been fitted with sensors to detect pollutants and map a city's most toxic hot spots in a bid to help commuters find the healthiest journey to work In comparison, Google's mobile approach maps air pollution every 100 feet (30 metres), or at about four to five locations along a single city block.  'You could use this information when you're picking a school for your kids,' University of Texas researcher Dr Joshua Apte said. 'Is there a school with a playground that might have better air quality because your kid has asthma? 'This hyper-local information about consistent air quality can be really useful for people, especially those who are vulnerable because of age or health condition.' Read more: Mapping air pollution with new mobile sensors | Environmental Defense Fund Share or comment on this article e-mail 58 shares Most watched News videos Scene inside ground floor of inferno ravaged Grenfell Tower Grenfell Tower block blaze: What we know Architect believes cladding on Grenfell Tower had chimney effect Child asks London Mayor 'How many kids died?' at Grenfell fire site 'We're stuck on the 23rd floor': Woman screams from the tower Corbyn: Residents of Grenfell Tower need to be rehoused locally Grenfell tower block blaze: What we know Flashing lights seen coming from tower block engulfed in flames How to survive a knife attack: Tips on how to stay safe Curvy woman tests boyfriend with flirtatious skinny actress Devastating goodbye from friend on Snapchat inside burning tower People spotted on the top floor as fire engulfs tower block Top French human rights official demands the RETURN of... British Airways computer failure which stranded 75,000... Nursery nurse faces being struck off after attacks on... He’s no MOTORHEAD! Head-banging pensioner rocks out to... PETER OBORNE: Liberal fascism and a man hounded by moral... Bridge IS a sport! EU court to rule it is because sports... Call centre worker wins £250,000 on £2 scratchcard she... Terror arrests soared to 304 in year ending in March 2017... Gardener killed by a virus in his hosepipe: Grandfather,... Let's overthrow the Tories, blasts McDonnell: Marxist... Asda slashes 2p off a litre of fuel as motoring groups... Vladimir Putin congratulates father cradling his... Heart-warming moment adorable little girl looks up in... I've finally snapped the perfect kingfisher! Amateur... The dog that only answers to Polish: Shelter hunts for... Incredible X-ray shows how a bullet lodged in a... Dead weight! Creepy phenomenon of an ant dumping a... Alert over new wave of exploding fridges caused by... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 5 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Inside Elon Musk's 'Heart of Gold': Concepts reveal what the Mars megaship that will take 100 people to the... Minecraft to get 'super duper graphics' making it look more realistic than ever before Forget flip flops: Bizarre stick-on soles let you walk on the beach without burning or cutting your feet What went wrong with the F-35? Expert reveals why jet is 'one of the greatest boondoggles in history' The robot that could walk on Mars put through its paces: NASA's humanoid Valkyrie shows off its skills China in quantum breakthrough as 'unhackable' experimental satellite sends first message Tim Cook says he is so excited about Apple's augmented reality plans 'I just want to yell out and scream'  Netflix now has MILLIONS more US subscribers than cable TV providers Just THREE mutations are needed to make bird flu a potential pandemic strain that could kill millions,... Older female elk become so good at avoiding hunters they are 'virtually bulletproof,' researchers find Alexa can do the shopping for you: Amazon launches $20 'magic wand' that can scan goods to buy and has AI... Deadly volcanic eruptions could be predicted decades in advance after pattern spotted in ancient magma... There will be more robot soldiers than humans fighting for the US military by 2025, expert claims Apple on top as iPhone 7 sales beat Samsung's Galaxy Facebook's AI war on terror revealed: Software is learning to spot and shut down terror groups online MORE HEADLINES What went wrong with the F-35? Expert reveals why jet is 'one of the greatest boondoggles in history' Forget flip flops: Bizarre stick-on soles let you walk on the beach without burning or cutting your feet Minecraft to get 'super duper graphics' making it look more realistic than ever before Inside Elon Musk's 'Heart of Gold': Concepts reveal what the Mars megaship that will take 100 people to the red planet could look like Fancy a Buddha-shaped PEAR? Ingenious moulds grow fruit and vegetables into stars, hearts and even skulls 'I want to make Mars possible': Elon Musk outlines his ambitious plans to start a colony on the red planet by building the most powerful rocket in history New iPhone models will be 'waterproof' and have WIRELESS charging, reveals Apple supplier Wistron Netflix now has MILLIONS more US subscribers than cable TV providers 'If there is any wine, send': Soldier's urgent request dating back to 600BC is found inscribed in Hebrew on the back of a pottery shard The Pentagon is developing an army of robotic drones able to fly alongside fighter jets at speeds of 700mph Would YOU put your life online for $200 a month? Adult webcam firm recruiting 'LifeStreamers' (and it says cameras in the bedroom are optional) Older female elk become so good at avoiding hunters they are 'virtually bulletproof,' researchers find The puppy personality predictor: Test can spot which animals will make the best guide dogs The stuff of nightmares: Terrifying hermaphrodite fish with the face of a LIZARD and hundreds of spiky teeth is found off the coast of Australia The robot that could walk on Mars put through its paces: NASA's humanoid Valkyrie shows off its skills MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Corinne Olympios walks her dog in LA as she is seen for first time since drunk encounter with DeMario shut down Bachelor In Paradise production Keeping up with her curves! Kylie Jenner flaunts her full chest in skintight top for Snapchat The 19-year-old showed off her chest Why I quit weed: Miley Cyrus opens up about her decision to stop smoking marijuana on Jimmy Fallon  Came as she prepares to release album Suddenly shy? Bella Thorne covers her face with scarf wrapped around her head... after 'former fling Scott Disick sent her roses' Trying to go incognito Still got it! Evergreen Cindy Crawford, 51, stuns in a blue shift dress as she steps out to promote San Benedetto water in Venice Kaia Gerber rocks double denim as she enjoys outing with gal pal in New York Seen in NYC as mom Cindy Crawford stepped out in Venice Fancy meeting you here! Jessica Biel explodes with joy after bumping into pal during casual stroll in New York Stretched her legs on a sunny day in New York What an ace! Serena Williams shows off burgeoning baby belly while dominating on tennis court despite being seven months pregnant 'Save the date!' Brynne Edelsten appears to announce that she's engaged just six months after starting a Tinder profile ...but who's the man? Woody Allen roasts former girlfriend Diane Keaton while presenting her with AFI Lifetime Achievement Award The 81-year-old director playfully roasted his ex The Fat Jew causes a stir in NYC as he celebrates National Rosé Day with a parade of gospel singers and a giant wine bottle SPONSORED On cloud nine! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa can't stop smiling on dinner date with new beau wearing thigh-high boots and flirty floral dress Swim season! Karolina Kurkova flaunts figure in red bikini and patterned bathing suits for photo shoot in Miami She highlighted her sculpted frame She's in vacation mode! Reese Witherspoon is summer chic in pink stripped dress with beach umbrella pattern on LA shopping trip She said yes! Eliza Dushku announces her engagement to businessman Peter Palandjian She is officially off the market Brushing off the controversy: Chloe Lattanzi shares another revealing snap of herself after being criticized for looking 'unhealthy' She hit back a trolls Straight INTO Compton! Dr. Dre donates $10 million to Compton High School toward future performing arts complex Generous donation Spot on! Paris Hilton looks pretty in sheer LBD as she attends What We Started screening in Santa Monica Rocking a LBD Twitter pokes fun at Jay Z over stream-of-consciousness rant on his influences including 'greatest rapper of all-time Obama' Gwyneth Paltrow looks like she's been crying as she covers her face in NYC after announcing she has pretty much retired from acting to run Goop Miami heat! Johnny Manziel's fiancée Bre Tiesi shows off jaw-dropping bikini bod during Florida beach getaway Wore a tiny bikini Mom on duty! Alessandra Ambrosio goes comfortable in T-shirt and tiny shorts enjoys a day out with her mini-me daughter Anja in LA EXCLUSIVE: 'She's no victim!' Bachelor in Paradise contestant Jasmine Goode tells how Corinne was never upset over her sexy times with DeMario  'My character has been assassinated': Bachelor in Paradise's DeMario Jackson says he's been fired from job after drunken hook-up scandal Ivanka Trump and her children attend Congressional baseball where hero cop who saved Steve Scalise throws the first pitch Worked the crowd Ashton Kutcher reveals name he and Mila Kunis almost had for son Dimitri... and it was fairy tale related Revealed the name they almost gave their son Bikini malfunction! Justin Bieber's rumored ex Sahara Ray flashes her nipple piercing as her top falls off during Mexican beach photo shoot Salud! Jennifer Lopez pours up shots as she shimmers in sequined robe on music video set with Cuban group Gente de Zona In the Florida Keys That's a racy arrival! Desperate Housewives star Teri Hatcher totters into town in a pair of sexy thigh high boots in Sydney, Australia Turning heads I'm not just his 'baby mama' says Jagger's ballerina lover: Melanie Hamrick speaks for the first time about her relationship with the Rolling Stone Empire state of style! Olivia Munn is a fierce fashionista in a cute black patterned midi while out in New York Snapped in Gotham on the sunny day Kesha dons colorful pant suit as she clutches onto beau Brad Ashenfelter's hand while walking through LAX Kesha, 30, looked smitten with boyfriend 'I messed up': Elizabeth Banks apologizes for saying Steven Spielberg 'never' casts female leads... after she's reminded he created The Color Purple Miley Cyrus wears earrings spelling out her and fiancé Liam Hemsworth's names but jokes she had to buy them herself because he's a 'cheapskate' Date night! Luke Hemsworth suits up alongside wife Samantha at premiere of Tupac biography All Eyez On Me Hemsworth brother America's Got Talent contestant was killed in a car crash after his friend fell asleep at the wheel - just weeks before he was set to star on the reality show Ravishing in red! Kelly Rowland shows off her incredible figure in a flared velour jumpsuit as she performs at the launch of new Coca-Cola drink Ready to Kick-Ass! Chloe Grace Moretz carries cup of coffee as she arrives on set of new Louis CK movie She grabbed a pre-shoot pick-me-up Kelly Ripa models hairy 'dad bod' bathing suit on talk show... and jokes she'll wear it every day The 46-year-old mother-of-three first did a little striptease 'We just want to see how tight your a** is': Emmy Rossum was asked to audition for a role in a bikini so director could see if she 'was fat now' Mission accomplished! Salma Hayek departs LAX in casual chic style after promoting new film Beatriz At Dinner Kept it simple wearing a bright white T-shirt 'It was kind of genius!' Comedian Chris Rock praises Jerry Seinfeld for THAT awkward red carpet snub with Kesha Seinfeld rejected her request for a hug Is this what made her dump Tyga? Kylie Jenner is warned by a medium that she needs to 'set boundaries' on an 'unhealthy relationship' Revealing conversation  Her big day! Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's daughter North looks at her cake as she celebrates her fourth birthday at Chuck E Cheese's 'One of the greatest thrills of my life': Larry King, 83, beams with sons Cannon, 19, and Chance, 20, as elder brother gets picked by White Sox in MLB draft 'She was so nice to me': Zoe Kravitz reveals Nicole Kidman FORGOT no one knew the actress was engaged to her father Lenny and tells how the pair bonded  Jet setting couple! Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan catch a flight out of LAX Jenna led the way in jeans with a striped top and khaki jacket 'I had to let something go': Aisha Tyler tearfully announces she will be leaving The Talk after six years as host Actress was consoled by her fellow co-hosts Holy tribute! Bat Signal shines over the sky in downtown Los Angeles in honor of late Batman star Adam West In honor of late Batman star Adam West From Louboutins to flip flops! Jennifer Lopez looks dressed down on Shades Of Blue set after sexing it up for music video Casual look Busy mom! Natalie Portman has her hands full as she jets out of LA with baby daughter Amalia and son Aleph She guided her little ones through the airport Married! RHOA star Kenya Moore weds a businessman in St Lucia... but does not want to reveal his identity yet Secret romance Reporting for mom duty! Angelina Jolie dresses in head-to-toe black as she heads to military supply store with son Knox Outing in Hollywood Mommy's mini-me! Heidi Klum goes shopping with her look-alike daughter Leni, 13, in New York City Close-knit pair  smiled and held hands  Kim Kardashian is accused of 'wearing blackface' by furious Twitter users who claim her skin was made 'darker' in photo for new makeup collection Heaven scent! Poppy Delevingne flashes her cleavage in plunging white summer dress as she joins Jaime King at Los Angeles fragrance launch Hollywood star Rebel Wilson could be awarded 'MILLIONS' after winning her defamation case against Woman's Day Won her case Rise and fall of Whitney the tragic star: Can I Be Me? is an engrossing music documentary that is also terribly sad  BRIAN VINER reviews Whitney: Can I be me? Screen siren Hayley Atwell showcases her signature vintage style in figure-hugging forties inspired dress as she leads the charge at Hamlet opening Thor gets hammered! Actor Chris Hemsworth snaps surf board battling stormy swell on Gold Coast The Hollywood star ran into trouble on Thursday Putting on her best face! Megyn Kelly pops into Park Avenue skin care clinic to see her dermatologist after defending decision to interview Alex Jones  'So nice to have a kitchen': Inside the lavish properties John Legend has been calling home as he tours the US with Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna Spritz on a winner like Elska Hosk! Find your perfect summer scent among the perfumes and colognes that won big at the Fragrance Foundation Awards Princess Mary looks intently at her nude stilettos as she and husband Prince Frederik wait at airport to welcome Japan's Crown Prince Naruhito Leonardo DiCaprio forced to hand back Marlon Brando's Oscar gifted to him by 'corrupt' Wolf of Wall Street production partners as federal investigation into stolen $540m continues She's a fashion superhero! Gal Gadot forgoes designer stilettos at the Wonder Woman premiere for a pair of affordable '90s favorites Lusty lady! Khloe Kardashian puts her chest on display in leather sweetheart bustier to sell new Good American zip-up mini skirt 'We hope to confirm a record tomorrow': Simon Cowell announces plans to release a fundraising single for victims of the Grenfell Tower blaze Charlie's Angels vet Jaclyn Smith, 71, looks slender in suit on date night with hubby ... after revealing she drinks kale and broccoli smoothies for breakfast Lady Kitty cuddles up to Walliams: Diana's niece is pictured dining with the comedian in Mayfair  She is clearly not lacking male attention Zoe Kravitz looks pretty in pink as her Rough Night promo tour rolls on in New York City She stopped by Goof Morning America to talk about various projects Looks like Kendall Jenner doesn't have Kylie's magic touch with make-up! Estee Lauder reveals it is discontinuing brand fronted by the model Karrueche Tran finally granted five year restraining order against ex Chris Brown after threats of violence The 29-year-old had been battling for months Getting bigger by the day! Bristol Palin shares a sweet video of her wide-eyed newborn daughter Atlee Bay curled up on her chest like a 'turtle' Fashion forward Olivia Palermo cuts a stylish figure as she works daring white suit at luxury beauty launch in London Pulled out fashion stops  Game Of Thrones star Alfie Allen packs on the PDA with topless blonde companion as they hit the beach during romantic Spanish getaway Laverne Cox poses up a storm outside ABC's The View... after demonstrating her 'signature dance move' The 32-year-old looked fierce as ever  Just like dad! Patrick Schwarzenegger, 23, channels his father Arnold, 69, by showing off his muscular chest on a Santa Monica beach Will Ferrell and John Lithgow lock lips as fellow grandad Mel Gibson enters the fray in first trailer for Daddy's Home 2 Sequel to hit movie Suri Cruise sports cute bow in her hair and a pretty pink dress as she steps out with laidback Katie Holmes in NYC The 11-year-old looking more like mom everyday David Beckham shows off his man bun after touching down in New York... as he prepares to celebrate his 18th wedding anniversary with wife Victoria TV host and cancer survivor who was body-shamed after sharing photo of herself in a swimsuit hits out at bullies, insisting she is proud of her body Rob Kardashian's model ex marries billionairess' son in spectacular $6million English society wedding - where Robin Thicke sang for happy couple Radiant Jessica Alba looks oh so chic as she carries $2,000 designer handbag and greets fans in New York City before appearing on The View Dustin Johnson and fiancee Paulina Gretzky welcome son River in a C-section scheduled before the US Open - as  proud dad insists name was his wife's idea Model Iskra Lawrence teases at her famed curves in stomach-grazing crop top and maxi skirt out in New York City Dramatic tie-back detail She never goes out of style! Julia Roberts, 49, re-creates Pretty Woman shopping scene during commercial for Italian fashion brand Calzedonia Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries goes braless in crop top and white jeans as she heads to DJing gig in New York City Displayed toned figure  Charles said: Why can't you be all jolly like Fergie? Diana's tapes reveal how the Queen thought she was neurotic and the Queen Mother disliked her David Hasselhoff's daughter Hayley strikes plea deal to install breathalyzer in her car following DUI Aarrested after passing out behind the wheel She should give her glam squad a raise! Hailey Baldwin is nearly unrecognizable with no makeup on and hair pulled back as she steps out in NYC 'Please don't do this to our movies': Seth Rogen joins growing army of irate Hollywood stars as studio releases 'clean' family-versions of their films  Gigi Hadid looks sophisticated in baby-blue sweater and high-waisted pants as she steps out for another busy day in New York City Married at First Sight couple who are the only pair yet to consummate their marriage this season continue to fight, as he claims they are stuck in a 'rut' Age-defying Hollywood legend Goldie Hawn, 71, looks sensational in a plunging black swimsuit on sun-soaked Greece boat trip with Kurt Russell She's a star in every decade! From a '20s flapper to an '80s singer, Zendaya models 100 years of beauty looks in just 90 seconds in a new Vogue video Flower power! Ivanka Trump smiles happily as she steps out in a bright red $2,500 floral frock, before addressing U.S. governors at the White House Cosby grins and Constand shoots hoops in courthouse hallway as jury is ordered back to deliberate after they announce they STILL can't reach a verdict  Style sisters! Princess Madeleine is fabulous in florals while sibling Victoria stuns in silver as they join family members at music awards in Stockholm Jennifer Lawrence steps out for the first time since frightening emergency landing of her private plane The 26-year-old was spotted with pal in NYC Phil Mickelson withdraws from the U.S. Open - the only Major he has not won - in order to attend his daughter's high school graduation Family comes first Superbod! Jonah Hill looks buff in Lovin' Life T-shirt after shedding a whopping 40lbs as he's seen on the Los Angeles set of his directorial debut Mid '90s The A-list entourage! Leonardo DiCaprio enjoys stroll with pals Tobey Maguire and Orlando Bloom in NYC Hollywood trio hung out in East Village Sofia Richie bares her belly during WeHo restaurant outing with guy pal The 18-year-old model was rocking her latest choppy blonde bob 'Bashful Scott Disick sends former fling Bella roses' after she publicly slammed him... but ex Kourtney Kardashian receives VERY similar bouquet 'I don't need any big parties': Nicole Kidman reveals plans for a low-key 50th birthday next week with 'divine' husband Keith Urban and her children Happy birthday, Mummy! Princess Anne looks HAPPY as she celebrates Queen Elizabeth's big day - at a belated party 450 miles away in GERMANY Katie Couric's top producer Tony Maciulis exits Yahoo after a decade working with the former Today show host as rumors swirl she could be next Death of a groupie: She bedded at least two Rolling Stones. But as she dies at 73, Anita Pallenberg's life of debauchery and drugs is a cautionary tale  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in plunging 50s-style dress as she visits 'boyfriend' Julian Assange at Ecuadorian Embassy in London Their love is permanent! Ariel Winter, 19, and boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, get two matching tattoos... after she has a snake inked on her arm Up to his old tricks! Duke of Edinburgh criticizes young school kids' handwriting on visit to school in London Elizabeth's hubby stirs up controversy again  'We couldn't have wished for a kinder and bigger-hearted boy': Sweden's Princess Madeleine pays tribute to her son Nicolas as he turns two  Lily Allen accuses the media of 'downplaying' the Grenfell Tower tragedy by deliberately underestimating the death toll - which she claims is 'closer to 150'  'I am so proud that I get to raise my boys to love women': Elizabeth Banks on how she is raising her two young sons to be feminists Revealing interview Sylvester Stallone's daughter Sophia, 20, slips into lacy bralette as she joins her father and sisters Sistine and Scarlet for family dinner in LA Mixed signals: Kiss star Gene Simmons tries to trademark the 'rock on' hand sign... but it's also the American Sign Language gesture for 'love' From reality star to model! Blac Chyna poses up a storm in racy outfits to plug her clothing line as she takes break from TV's Rob & Chyna They Can Feel The Love! Elton John plants a tender kiss on husband David Furnish as they attend summer wedding with sweet sons Elijah and Zachary Ansel Elgort's girlfriend Violetta Komyshan wears revealing dress to Baby Driver premiere in LA... before cutting some shapes with her beau  British royals William, Harry and Kate donate to emergency fund for victims of the London tower block blaze as they urge others to give generously Less is more! FEMAIL reveals the easy to assemble outfits to have in your summer wardrobe inspired by Nicole Richie, Heidi Klum and more Elizabeth Banks was told to get a boob job by an agent when she was first starting out in Hollywood - and now she's pleased she couldn't afford it at time Playboy model Katie May's estate files wrongful death lawsuit against chiropractor whose 'forceful and aggressive adjustments caused her fatal stroke' 'I'm married to Wonder Women': Jim Gaffigan says his wife is doing 'great' one month after mother of five had brain tumor removed in nine-hour surgery Life's a beach! Pierce Brosnan and wife Keely Shaye Smith enjoy another day by the sea in Sardinia, before taking a stroll through quaint Italian town 90s kid: Bella Hadid goes braless in a bardot top and combat pants as she heads out to dinner with sister Gigi at Japanese restaurant Nobu in NYC Smiling again! Patton Oswalt makes red carpet debut with new girlfriend Meredith Salenger one year after wife's death Overcoming heartache 'We wouldn't still be married if I was as miserable as I look': Victoria Beckham poses in swimsuit for Vogue Netherlands as she talks about home life Kate Upton shows off her ample assets and sensational curves in a plunging figure-hugging blue dress as she joins Rumer Willis for vodka bash Making a hospital visit? Jay Z leaves his Beverly Hills mansion amid frenzied rumors that Beyonce has 'given birth to twin boy and girl' at LA medical center Feeling the heat! Ariel Winter wears skintight crop top and tiny print frilled shorts as she steps out with boyfriend Levi Meaden Dressed for the LA heat Yoko Ono could get songwriting credit for John Lennon's classic track Imagine 46 years after its first release Legend;s widow is now 84 years old Sheer illusion: Rachel McCord tricks the eye in a nude swimsuit and lacy cover up as she poses for a daring hillside photoshoot Kid sister of  AnnaLynne  From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Instagram launches 'archive' feature that lets you temporarily hide embarrassing posts from your feed comments Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu About Tamebay Advertise on Tamebay Tamebay Guide Tamebay TV Events eBooks Sign up Login News Headlines Marketplaces Amazon eBay Alibaba Allegro CDiscount Etsy SKU Cloud Gumtree Halfords Jet.com Newegg Notonthehighstreet Rakuten Tesco Yumbles Zalando Payments Logistics Ecommerce Small Business Tamebay Guide Share: POST TWEET SHARE SHARE EMAIL Home EventsGoogle Manufacturer Centre: UK launch workshop 22 Jun Google Manufacturer Centre: UK launch workshop Start: June 22, 2017 - 08:30 End: June 22, 2017 - 10:30 Category: Industry Events After writing about the Google Manufacture Center in the US earlier this week, we can REGISTER About About After writing about the Google Manufacture Center in the US earlier this week, we can now reveal the launch of the Google Manufacturer Centre in the UK. This means that all UK manufacturers who sell their products through retailers can upload rich information to ensure that retailer placed online ads get the best information possible attached to them. GS1 UK will be hosting the Google Manufacturer Centre team, who are coming to London to present and discuss their platform in an event to be held on the 22nd of June. When branded manufacturers provide detailed product information (images, titles, descriptions, videos, and more), to improve how a brand is represented within Google Shopping, the brand will see a number of benefits: Analytics: Review GTIN level impressions, clicks, and CTR, and compare product performance against category benchmarks Branding:Provide accurate and detailed product information to better inform shoppers and improve your brand presence Discoverability:Participating manufacturers have realized significant increases in product impressions and traffic Find out more at the Google Manufacturer centre and GS1 UK workshop If you are a brand which is sold by five or more retailers and are interested in finding out more about the Google Manufacturer Centre, register today for the workshop which will be held at the GS1 offices in London on Thursday the 22nd of June and will run from 8.30am to 10.30am. Agenda Presentation and discussion with Google to learn how you can influence your products' shopping ads A guide to GS1 SmartSearch – learn how to improve your relevant organic search ranking Q&A Networking Past Events Newegg Seller Day 15/6/17 15 Jun Your marketing strategy on Amazon, webinar: 13/6/17 13 Jun Innovate to Survive Seminars 13-27/6/17 13 Jun See More Events Browse by Venue Browse by Venue By Category By Category VariousOnlineUnited KingdomSouth EastNorth EastNorth WestWales Tamebay Guide Tamebay TV Events Ebooks Contact About Tamebay Become a Member Account Sign in Advertise on Tamebay Privacy Policy Tamebay is an imprint of eSeller Publishing Limited, published by SJP Business Media on its behalf Tel.: UK +44 (0) 20 7933 8980 Email: info@tamebay.com Log in Privacy Policy
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC 2017 News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 2.0M 483K 364K 57K 14K 21K 65K 43K Android Deals Deal: Save $150 on the Unlocked LG G6 – 6/15/17 Pick Up the Samsung Chromebook Plus for $341 – 6/15/17 Deal: Amazon Chargers & Cables Discounted 30% – Today Only Pick Up The Coding Powerhouse eBook Bundle for $29 – 6/15/17 Recent News Almost 4 Million People Registered For First Honor 9 Sale AT&T, Verizon, & Sprint Saw Staff Reductions Year On Year JBL Announces Everest 2.0 Bluetooth Headphones Series Google Maps May Get Whole Country Offline Map Downloads Recent Reviews Sony Xperia XZ Premium Review Video Blackview P2 Lite Review: A Budget Device Packed With Extras Sony Xperia XZ Premium Review – Familiar Design & Top Specs OUKITEL K4000 Plus Review – A Well-Rounded Budget Phone Report: LG Manufacturing Google’s Pixel XL 2 ‘Taimen’ June 13, 2017 - Written By Dominik Bosnjak LG Electronics is manufacturing Google’s successor to the Pixel XL codenamed “Taimen,” as suggested by a bug report log that was uncovered in the Android Issue Tracker’s database earlier today. In a short exchange over “USB PD Compliance Failure” that can be seen beneath this writing, one Google employee told an LG engineer to close the said bug report and move it to a “Power” subdirectory whose full path is Android > Partner > External > LGE > Taimen. The classification of the issue indicates that the South Korean original equipment manufacturer (OEM) is developing a device referred to as “Taimen,” heavily implying that LG is making the successor to the 2016 Pixel XL. The Pixel XL 2 or however Google opts to call its upcoming handset is said to be one of the company’s two flagship Android devices that are expected to be released later this year, with the Alphabet-owned tech giant reportedly discontinuing a third phone codenamed “Muskie.” Initial reports of Muskie’s cancellation emerged on Monday but provided no specific details on the matter, with industry sources now claiming that the device was scrapped due to poor battery life and not being cost-effective in general. The original Pixel and Pixel XL were manufactured by HTC and the Taiwanese consumer electronics company may still be making the successor to the smaller device. Recent reports indicate that the Pixel 2-series handsets will sport an unconventional aspect ratio of 1.95:1 that’s extremely similar to the 2:1 (16:8) image format of the LG G6 and industry sources previously claimed that Google itself was recently looking to invest $880 million into LG Display’s OLED operations in an effort to secure a stable supply of panels for its future Pixel devices. Regardless of whether one or more of the upcoming Pixel handsets will be manufactured by LG, they are unlikely to feature any kind of LG branding as Google is expected to continue its “made by Google” marketing push that started with the Pixel and Pixel XL. The company’s next-generation smartphones may be officially announced come fall, approximately one year after their predecessors were introduced. More details on the Pixel 2 series and Google’s other hardware efforts should follow in the coming months. Post navigation Google Poaches Top Apple Chip Architect To Make Pixel SoCs Pico Goblin VR Headset Up For Pre-Orders For $249 June 13, 2017 | Android Manufacturer News , Android News , Android Phone News Source: 9to5Google Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News Almost 4 Million People Registered For First Honor 9 Sale AT&T, Verizon, & Sprint Saw Staff Reductions Year On Year JBL Announces Everest 2.0 Bluetooth Headphones Series Google Maps May Get Whole Country Offline Map Downloads Phone Comparisons: Sony Xperia XZ Vs. Xperia XZ Premium Pick Up the Samsung Chromebook Plus for $341 – 6/15/17 Expired Samsung Domain Reportedly Left Users Unprotected GSMA: There Are Now 5 Billion Mobile Subscribers Worldwide Best Games – RPGs – June 2017 Play Store Offline Notification Feature Is Still Rolling Out Verizon’s First LTE Basic Phone Goes On Sale For $168 Deal: Amazon Chargers & Cables Discounted 30% – Today Only Google Releases MobileNets TensorFlow Models ‘Less Loyal’ Unlocked Buyers Make Up 12.5% Of US Phone Market Twitter Begins Rolling Out Visual Changes Across Platforms Best Android Apps — Swimming — June 2017 Best Android Apps – Barbecue – June 2017 GearBest Deals: Chuwi LapBook 12.3, Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 & More Facebook Is Teaching Chat Bots To Negotiate HTC U11 Reportedly Selling Well & Better Than One M9, HTC 10 Researchers Peg Google Pixel Sales at 1.8 Million Load More Posts Follow Share
Blockly 1.0 on Android and iOS   Login Register Edit Profile Change Region About Us   Home News Languages Main Menu Home Book Reviews Book Watch News Projects The Core Babbage's Bag History Swift's Spreadsheets The Stone Tapes Professional Programmer eBooks Programmer Puzzles Bargain Computer Books CodeBin I Programmer Weekly New Articles! Speed dating - The Art of the JavaScript Date Object The Programmers Guide To Kotlin - The Basics Binary Arithmetic The Programmers Guide To React Public Key Encryption jQuery 3 - Implementing Promises The Working Programmer's Guide To Language Paradigms Perlito - 4 Years On Parentheses Are Trees Asynchronous Code In JavaScript Principles Of MP3 Scapegoating Encryption In Praise of Skeuomorphy jQuery 3 - Using Events Information Theory New Book Reviews! You Don't Know JS: this & Object Prototypes Java Cookbook, 3rd Ed Front-End Web Development Speaking JavaScript Building Software Teams Java in 24 Hours (7e) Hadoop in 24 Hours Joe Celko’s SQL for Smarties Advanced SQL Programming 5th Ed CSS3 Pocket Primer Core Java for the Impatient Web Development with Clojure Beautiful Code: Leading Programmers Explain How They Think OpenGL Programming Guide Learn to Program with Scratch Linux System Programming, 2nd Ed Popular Articles Arrays in Python Android Adventures - Getting Started With Android Studio 2.2 Can You Do The Regular Expression Crossword? Getting started with Excel VBA Beautiful Architecture JavaScript Data Structures - Associative Array A Worm's Mind In A Lego Body Using the WPF .NET 4.0 DataGrid Data structures - Trees Sorting algorithms as dances Dumping .NET - Microsoft's Madness Weak typing - the lost art of the keyboard Online regular expression generator A Better Way To Program A Crab-Based Computer The Mod Function Blockly 1.0 on Android and iOS Written by Lucy Black    Tuesday, 13 June 2017 Google has released Version 1.0 of Blockly on Android and iOS, which will allow developers to use Blockly natively in mobile apps. Google Blockly was introduced in 2012 and is open source under the Apache 2.0 License. It looks and feels like a version of Scratch in that users program by dragging and dropping code blocks onto a design surface, that is then compiled to JavaScript. It is also written in JavaScript and as such is designed to run in a web page. A native Android version of Blockly made its first appearance at Google I/O 2016 and the iOS version, which is also open source, was made available in developer preview in November 2016. Now both these versions have reached Version 1.0 with everything needed to use Blockly natively in a mobile app, including: Blockly's standard UI Custom blocks, toolbox categories, and layouts Functions, variables, mutators, and extensions Code generation in JavaScript, Python, Dart, PHP, and Lua Internationalization support (including for RTL languages)  The post on the Google Developers blog from Erik Pasternak also announces several updates to the web project over the past six months, including major improvements to performance and testing,  more structured APIs, improved touch support for the mobile web and  improved Internet Explorer and Edge support with Blockly fully supported on IE10+. The team has also taken steps to ease cross platform development. All blocks can now be defined by JSON, allowing a single set of block definitions to be used for web, iOS, and Android. Although Blockly started out to be used to introduce coding to kids, and has been extensively used in the Hour of Code, there is no reason for restricting it to this role, as this video from Cory Diers introducing Blockly to app developers shows:           More Information Introducing Blockly 1.0 for Android and iOS Blockly documentation Related Articles Google Languages Update - Blockly Block Based Languages Are Best Minecraft Code Builder In Beta Stanford CS Moves To JavaScript Choosing The Best Beginner's Programming Language Getting started with MIT App Inventor 2 A Programmer's Guide to Scratch 2 Blockly Games Introduce Kids To Code The Working Programmer's Guide To Language Paradigms To be informed about new articles on I Programmer, sign up for our weekly newsletter, subscribe to the RSS feed and follow us on, Twitter, Facebook, Google+ or Linkedin.  Understand Computer Logic With Turing Tumble 04/06/2017 Turing Tumble, a game that lets you build a mechanical computer powered by marbles to solve logic puzzles and is intended to teach kids how to think about computers, has already well ex [ ... ] + Full Story WC3 Front-End Web Developer Professional Certification on edX 30/05/2017 This new Professional Certificate Program opens on edX today. It comprises five courses, between 4 and 6 weeks in length with a cost for certification varying from $49 to $129. Many will alr [ ... ] + Full Story More News Why Deep Networks Are Better Apple Launches Planet Of The Apps One Million Programmers Want To Escape Vim Jean Sammet, Programming Pioneer MetaLimbs: A Way To Have An Extra Pair Of Arms Apple Updates - What Developers Need to Know Native Code On Chrome Dropped In Favour Of WebAssembly Android Gets Architecture Components Pharo 6.0 Moves To 64-Bit Three Tips for the Linux Shell Addict Apache Spark MapR Connector Provides JSON Support InkScape Moves To GitLab Microsoft Expands Cognitive Services APIs       Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus    Last Updated ( Tuesday, 13 June 2017 )     Follow @Iprogrammerinfo     RSS feed of news items only Copyright © 2017 i-programmer.info. All Rights Reserved. Joomla! is Free Software released under the GNU/GPL License. Powered by Joomla!. ValidXHTML andCSS.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 1326 39 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Oath arises as Verizon closes deals for Yahoo, as former CEO Mayer departs The deal is done: Verizon now owns Yahoo and AOL, two of the original Web portals. Post to Facebook Oath arises as Verizon closes deals for Yahoo, as former CEO Mayer departs The deal is done: Verizon now owns Yahoo and AOL, two of the original Web portals.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2thKAKt {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Oath arises as Verizon closes deals for Yahoo, as former CEO Mayer departs Mike Snider , USA TODAY Published 10:48 a.m. ET June 13, 2017 | Updated 7:25 p.m. ET June 13, 2017 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE A year after the deal was made, Verizon has officially acquired Yahoo, and Marissa Mayer announced her resignation as CEO. Video provided by Newsy Newslook A man looks at the Twitter page of AOL CEO Tim Armstrong announcing Oath on a computer in Washington, DC, on April 4, 2017. With its acquisition of Yahoo official Tuesday, Verizon will combine AOL and Yahoo will be combined into a unit called "Oath." (Photo: Nicholas Kamm AFP/Getty Images) 1326 CONNECTTWEET 39 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE The deal is done: Verizon is now the owner of Yahoo, one of the original Web portals. The telecommunications giant won a four-month sale process in July 2016 and agreed to pay $4.8 billion for Yahoo. The price tag got reduced to about $4.48 billion in the wake of two massive data breaches Yahoo revealed. Related: The legacy of Marissa Mayer The long, troubled history of Yahoo's top execs Yahoo is no more, but what's that mean for my Yahoo Fantasy Sports? The culmination of the deal means Yahoo itself will be no more. Verizon is combining the Net media company with AOL, another original Web giant, to create Oath, a new company with 50-plus media and technology brands including AOL.com, HuffPost, Yahoo Sports and Yahoo Mail. "We are excited to set our focus on being the best company for consumer media, and the best partner to our advertising, content and publisher partners," said Tim Armstrong, the former CEO of AOL who is now CEO of Oath, in a statement. Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer is resigning with the transaction's closure. "Verizon wishes Mayer well in her future endeavors," the company said in a statement. Five years ago, Yahoo hired Mayer, who had been a rising star at Google, to help the one-time Web giant to regain ground lost in the digital advertising wars with Google and Facebook. Mayer helped Yahoo improve its mobile advertising business, but several acquisitions — including the $1 billion deal for Tumblr — failed to gain traction. Last year, Google and Facebook owned about 33% and 14%, respectively, of the $190.6 billion global digital advertising market, according to eMarketer. Yahoo and Verizon’s AOL and Millennial Media units owned 1.6% and 0.7%, respectively. Facebook is expected to grow its market share to nearly 19% in 2019, while Google, Facebook and Verizon’s units are expected to remain relatively stable, eMarketer forecasts. Oath will face "very stiff competition in terms of audience and engagement with companies like Facebook starting to get into original content," said eMarketer ad spending analyst Martin Utreras. The size of the combined global audience for AOL and Yahoo will help, and the acquisition made sense for Verizon because its core wireless and broadband services are mature businesses, Utreras said. "The ad market is definitely a growth area for the economy, so investing in that area definitely could pay off, he said. But Oath must integrate its various advertising technologies to create a “one-stop shop” for advertisers, he said. As for Yahoo, the company will become Altaba, and will consist of the company's 15% equity stake in Alibaba, valued at about $52 billion, and its 36% equity stake in Yahoo Japan, about $9 billion, as well as other assets. Altaba will register with the Securities and Exchange Commission as a publicly-traded investment company, headquartered in New York. Also departing Yahoo's board along with Mayer is David Filo, who co-founded Yahoo in 1994, and board chairman Maynard Webb. In a post on Tumblr, Mayer noted that the company's stock recently hit a 17-year high and its market cap hit $51 billion. "We rebuilt Yahoo with the most efficient workforce and operated with the lowest cost structure in more than a decade," she said in the post. "This has required the most impressive displays of teamwork, innovation, and resilience I’ve ever seen, and working with you has made my time as CEO nothing short of a privilege." Read more: Verizon expects to cut 15% of post-merger AOL-Yahoo staff Follow USA TODAY reporter Mike Snider on Twitter: @MikeSnider. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Marissa Mayer, CEO of Yahoo!, through the years  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Yahoo! President and CEO Marissa Mayer delivers a keynote during the Yahoo Mobile Developers Conference on Feb. 18, 2016, at The Masonic in San Francisco.  Stephen Lam, Getty Images Fullscreen Yahoo! CEO Marissa Mayer speaks during a conversation with Salesforce chairman and CEO Marc Benioff at the 2013 Dreamforce conference on Nov. 19, 2013, in San Francisco.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Yahoo! CEO Marissa Mayer speaks during an announcement that Yahoo acquired the Tumblr blogging site in order to upgrade its Flickr site, in New York, May 20, 2013.  Emmanuel Dunand, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Barack Obama meets with technology executives Mark Pincus, left, founder and Chief Product Officer & Chairman, Zynga, Marissa Mayer, President and CEO, Yahoo!, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington on Dec. 17, 2013.   Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Yahoo! CEO Marissa Mayer on NBC News' "Today" show Feb. 20, 2013, in New York.  Peter Kramer, AP Fullscreen Yahoo! CEO Marissa Mayer looks away as Tumblr Chief Executive David Karp, right, looks on after a news conference May 20, 2013, in New York.  Frank Franklin II, AP Fullscreen Google VP of Location and Local Services Marissa Mayer speaks onstage at Day 3 of TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2011 held at the San Francisco Design Center Concourse on Sept.14, 2011, in San Francisco.  Araya Diaz, Getty Images Fullscreen Yahoo! CEO Marissa Mayer speaks during the 2013 TechCrunch Disrupt conference on Sept. 11, 2013, in San Francisco.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Yahoo! CEO Marissa Mayer speaks onstage at the FORTUNE Most Powerful Women Summit on Oct. 17, 2013, in Washington.  Paul Morigi, Getty Images for FORTUNE Fullscreen Marissa Mayer, VP of Search and User Experiences, Google on the Google campus in Mountainview, Calif. on July 7, 2008.  Martin E. Klimek, for USA TODAY Fullscreen Google Vice President of Search Product and User Experience Marissa Mayer speaks during an announcement Sept. 8, 2010, in San Francisco.   Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Marissa Mayer of Google speaks at TechCrunch Disrupt NYC 2012 at Pier 94 on May 22, 2012, in New York.  Paul Zimmerman, Getty Images Fullscreen Marissa Mayer, Chief Executive Officer of Yahoo during a panel session of the 45th Annual Meeting of the World Economic Forum, WEF, in Davos, Switzerland on Jan. 22, 2015.   Laurent Gillieron, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Computer scientist and Google manager Marissa Ann Mayer gestures as she gives an interview Jan. 21, 2008, in Munich, Germany.  Oliver Lang, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Richard Cooperstein and Marissa Mayer attends the Digital Life Design (DLD) conference on Jan. 26, 2009, in Munich, Germany.   Sean Gallup, Getty Images for Burda Media Fullscreen Marissa Mayer and Michael Arrington attend Day 3 of TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2013 at San Francisco Design Center on Sept. 11, 2013, in San Francisco.  Steve Jennings, Getty Images for TechCrunch Fullscreen Marissa Mayer and Robert Safian speak onstage at A Conversation with Marissa Mayer panel during AWXI on Oct. 2, 2014, in New York.  Monica Schipper, Getty Images for AWXI Fullscreen Marissa Mayer and Adam Lashinsky speak on a panel during the Fortune Global Forum - Day 2 at the Fairmont Hotel on Nov. 3, 2015, in San Francisco.  Kimberly White, Getty Images for Fortune Fullscreen President and CEO of Yahoo! Marissa Mayer speaks on stage at Glamour Women Of The Year 2016 LIVE Summit at NeueHouse Hollywood on Nov. 14, 2016, in Los Angeles.  Matt Winkelmeyer, Getty Images for Glamour Fullscreen Yahoo! President and CEO Marissa Mayer arrives at the White House for a meeting with President Barack Obama and other business leaders Nov. 28, 2012, in Washington.   Chip Somodevilla, Getty Images Fullscreen Yahoo! CEO Marissa Mayer speaks about the company's Flickr redesign at a press conference in Times Square on May 20, 2013, in New York.   Mario Tama, Getty Images Fullscreen Yahoo! president and CEO Marissa Mayer speaks during the Fortune Global Forum on Nov. 3, 2015, in San Francisco.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Sarah Buhr, left, TechCrunch Writer and Marissa Mayer, Yahoo! President & CEO attend the TechCrunch 10th Annual Crunchies Awards on Feb. 6, 2017, in San Francisco.  Steve Jennings, Getty Images for TechCrunch Fullscreen Marissa Mayer, Chief Executive Officer of Yahoo!, during the 43rd Annual Meeting of the World Economic Forum, WEF, in Davos, Switzerland on Jan. 25, 2013.   Laurent Gillieron, AP Fullscreen Marissa Mayer, the Chief Executive Officer of Yahoo!, at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas on Jan. 7, 2014.  Tim Loehrke, USA TODAY Fullscreen Marissa Mayer, Chief Executive Officer of Yahoo!, delivers her keynote address at the Yahoo Mobile Developer Conference on Feb. 19, 2015, in San Francisco.  Christopher Wiggins, USA TODAY Fullscreen Marissa Mayer, VP of Search and User Experiences, Google on the Google campus in Mountainview, Calif. on July 7, 2008.   Martin E. Klimek, for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 27 2 of 27 3 of 27 4 of 27 5 of 27 6 of 27 7 of 27 8 of 27 9 of 27 10 of 27 11 of 27 12 of 27 13 of 27 14 of 27 15 of 27 16 of 27 17 of 27 18 of 27 19 of 27 20 of 27 21 of 27 22 of 27 23 of 27 24 of 27 25 of 27 26 of 27 27 of 27 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 1326 CONNECTTWEET 39 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2thKAKt
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Top States 2017 Trailblazers Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Cambridge Cyber Summit Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Tour Net/Net Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Google poaches Apple employee in move to build its own processors Google recently hired Manu Gulati from Apple Gulati is an expert in computer chip design The move suggests Google is getting serious about building its own smartphone processors Todd Haselton | @robotodd Tuesday, 13 Jun 2017 | 10:50 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images Members of the media examine Google's Pixel phone during an event to introduce Google hardware products on October 4, 2016 in San Francisco, California. It looks like Google is getting awful serious about designing its own smartphone processors. The company recently hired an engineer named Manu Gulati from Apple, according to Variety. Gulati has at least 15 Apple patents related to chip design under his belt and will be key in Google's plan to build its own processors, Variety said. Apple currently builds its own smartphone processors but Google does not. Apple's newest A10X chips, for example, are built-in house instead of by companies like Intel or Qualcomm. Qualcomm currently supplies its Snapdragon processor for Google's Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones. Gulati's LinkedIn profile says he's now Google's "lead SOC architect." SoC stands for "system on a chip." Gulati worked at Apple for almost 8 years as a micro-architect and has also been employed by Broadcom and AMD. If Google begins building processors in house, like Apple, it would potentially cut down on Google's reliance on Qualcomm. That may not be a big hit for Qualcomm, at least not yet, since the company still provides millions of its Snapdragon processors to smartphone makers such as Samsung, LG, HTC and others. Still, this is a significant trend in the smartphone market. Other firms, such as Huawei and Samsung, have also started to build chips in-house, allowing them to rely less on potential supply restraints from outside parties. A spokesperson for Apple was not immediately available for comment. Google confirmed Manu is now working for Google but declined to provide additional details. Read the full Variety report. WATCH: Apple's Siri vs. Google Assistant: We picked a clear winner show chapters Apple's Siri vs. Google Assistant: We picked a clear winner    Friday, 19 May 2017 | 3:00 PM ET | 02:08 Todd HaseltonTechnology Product Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AMD --- AVGO --- AAPL --- QCOM --- GOOGL --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Homepage Sign in / Sign up Tomomi ImuraBlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Open Web & Tech Advocate. Creative Technologist. All things JavaScript. Works at Slack. Jun 11 A Decade of Decadence- Apple iPhone and My Mobile Web Memoir Ten years ago, I was the company’s sole mobile web developer at Yahoo!, and extremely busy working for the mobile web pages, which were connected from the Yahoo! Finance and Weather apps that were bundled with the upcoming Jesus Phone, a.k.a. Apple iPhone, the first generation, debuted on June 29, 2007. Yahoo! oneSearch circa 2007 Working for the unseen device was pretty tough, as Apple kept it extremely secret. They gave me the redacted specs for Safari browser- the screenshot were all removed from my view. Moreover, they only allowed a few designated engineers to visit Cupertino to test on an actual device, so I had to create a long checklist for Albert, my lucky boss! Meanwhile in Sunnyvale, I was developing and testing on Nokia N95, which we thought was the closest cousin to iPhone because it had a most advanced WebKit browser. On the release day, there was a delivery package from Apple to my office- it was the happiest moments in my career thus far. Now, detangling my memories of past decade and even before, I tried creating this timeline to recall what happened to Mobile Web- indicating mobile markups (pink), devices/platforms (green), major browsers (orange), JS frameworks (purple), and miscellaneous tools and technologies (blue). The timeline is not very accurate, so if you find I missed something significant, please let me know. I also intentionally did not list all mobile devices and platforms because there are just too many: Mobile Web Timeline ~2017 Mobile Web, Pre-iPhone Era In the US, a “cell phone” was just a device to call people (and to play games and buy some crappy ringtones), while the rest of the developed countries was enjoying the mobile experiences already- people were checking news on web with Nokia S60 browser or Opera Mobile, viewing photos on Flickr, and posting short messages on Jaiku (which came to the market way too early and missed to be Twitter). In Japan, people were sending the emoji-filled messages, and even paying fare at train stations. Yahoo! Japan had their own branded mobile phones by SoftBank At the time, the most popular mobile phones here were Blackberry for business people, and Motorola Razr was for the rest, so nobody ever browsed the Internet on mobile phones. People were most likely did not even know there was a web browser included on their flip phones. I actually started my career in mobile in 2005 at Nokia N-Gage team (if you were a die-hard mobile fanatic, you must remember the taco phone, and the Totally sidetalkin’ memes by Cabel Sasser), before joining Yahoo! in 2007. I was developing web UI for the little browsers for Nokia Symbian S60 phones, then, at Yahoo!, I worked on virtually all browsers including WebKit, NetFront, Palm Blazer, proxy browsers like Opera Mini and SkyFire, etc. etc. There were literally thousands of browsers, and none acted the same. I worked with a few dozens of QA engineers, who did insane amount of manual testings against the collection of devices, and on DeviceEverywhere, the mobile device test suit that we could virtually test on real devices remotely. It was such an essential tool for everybody who involved in mobile software industry. I remember that we all shared the available devices with other users, therefore I sometimes spotted somebody forgot to log off. Notably, somebody at Google was notorious for leaving their test site open, so I occasionally viewed Google’s unreleased mobile websites, which wasn’t so impressive (yet) anyway. Google used to use the transcoder to display HTML pages on mobile from SeRP. In 2007, instead of web, Google had us to call 800-GOOG-411 for local search results! They were seriously late-adopter of mobile back in the time. To support the chaotic amount of browsers, everybody in the mobile software industry relied on was a service called WURFL. You can think it like a database of all existing mobile phone info, and we literally could not ship anything without the service. (Interestingly, one of the WURFL developer, Andrea Trasatti, who lived in Italy at that time and now in San Francisco Bay Area, and I have been good friends ever since!) I mostly used HTML-MP (Mobile Profile) and CSS-MP to serve WAP webpages up on tiny screens, but at Yahoo!, the team actually have build our own mobile platform that transcode the front-end code to serve up as many mobile browsers as possible, so I did not have to actually write WML or some obscure HTML variants like cHTML. Nigel Choi, an engineer, who lead the platform, was mostly my source of knowledge. We later shipped Yahoo! Blueprint, which the 3rd party developers could benefit the platform. There was no books I could learn about mobile web, and the only technical book I relied on was Cameron Moll’s Mobile Web Design. It was like a bible of mobile web for me at that time. Post-iPhone — Mobile Web with UI Frameworks After the first iPhone debut, it has changed the way people here interact with mobile phone, and with the better Safari browser, it excited all web developers out there! In 2007, Dom Sagolla organized the first iPhone Dev Camp, where web developers shared all the excitement and exchanged ideas. The superhero who we admired most there was probably Joe Hewitt, a creator of iUI, the first ever modern mobile web UI framework. A bit before, John Resig wrote jQuery (By the way, I met him for the first time at the iPhone DevCamp!). jQuery wasn’t meant be for mobile web, until David Kaneda created the plugin called JQ Touch (now JQT) in 2009. It had the most beautiful UI framework ever created for mobile. The official JQuery Mobile wasn’t born until later. At that time, HTML5 had arrived the scene, and became the hottest technology for web since AJAX and Web 2.0 (remember Ajaxian?), and mobile web was slowly catching up with the trend. A light-weight JavaScript framework called, Jo by Dave Balmer (who happened to work with me at two companies!) was released around the time too. However, as Apple announced the iOS SDK for native apps in 2008, mobile web instantly become the second-class citizen. With the help of amazing PhoneGap, developed by Brian Leroux et al. at Nitobi (later acquired by Adobe), we could develop hybrid apps, which bumped the mobile web status up to the 1.5th-class citizen. Mobile Web as an OS Around that time, a bunch of iPhone engineers left Apple to join Palm to build a new mobile platform. In 2009, Palm released webOS, the web-based platform which all apps were built in JavaScript. As a web developer, I was instantly in love with it, and joined their Human Interface team under Matias Duarte (who later became the mastermind of Google’s Material Design). Palm Prē and webOS. I miss you so much! The hardware wasn’t very performing, and JavaScirpt on the version of WebKit was painfully slow. The “jank triage” meeting was always a blame game. Also, the idea of running then-new Node.js on mobile devices was super rad, but we failed. The actual failure was more business than technical though, because “Leo Apocalypse” happened. (Damn, I remember when our all-hands meeting was totally a funeral, and somehow the entire conversation was leaked and Engadget live-blogged everything. We noticed during the meeting and it was awesome.) After our failure, Mozilla’s FireFox OS and Samsung Tizen tried the space but the web-bases OS was never commercially successful. HTML5 and Web Standard Mobile browsers got better, and gradually started supporting more and more HTML5 features. The browsers even came with device APIs, such as geolocation, which can utilizes hardware GPS, camera access, accelerometer, etc. Not to miss all the excitement with HTML5, I (re)-joined Nokia to advocate HTML5 for mobile browsers (especially with Nokia Lumia for Mobile IE on Windows Phone, OMG!). I became a part of W3C, and joined the Core Mobile Web Platform Community Group (CoreMob), along with Tobie Langel and Matt Kelly who developed Ringmark, a mobile browser test suite at Facebook. I worked on a mobile web app that mimicked Instagram to demonstrate how well mobile browsers had adopted HTML5. This was a great opportunity for me to urge browser vendors, especially Microsoft, RIM, Samsung, and others to improve their browsers. Besides Ringmark, to check the availability of HTML5 features, there were numerous other test suits and compatibility tables were created- notably, Can I Use by Alexis Deveria, Mobile HTML5 Test by by Max Firtman, and lots of tests including touch events done by Peter-Paul Koch, a.k.a. PPK. We used to rely on the idea of Adaptive Design and Progressive Enhancement / Graceful Degradation, however as mobile browsers became almost as good as desktop browsers, CSS3 Media Queries was adopted in browsers, and the idea of Responsive Web Design, coined by Ethan Marcotte, was born. We used to separate mobile site from its desktop version with sub-domains like mobile.mysite.com (or touch.mysite.com, or even older trends, m.mysite.com, mysite.mobi), but with RWD, we no longer! The idea of Mobile-First had gained popularity by Luke Wroblewski around that time too. Meanwhile, iPhone got some more upgrades, and Retina happened. Thanks the hard works by Marcos Caceres and Yoav Weiss et al, now we can have responsive images too. Since the Cameron’s book, there have been so many more mobile web books out there- I was honored to be chosen as a technical editor for O’Reilly Media’s Programming the Mobile Web by Max Firtman, and Mobile HTML5 by Estelle Weyl! Sadly, HTML5 wasn’t all glorious, at least to the tech so-called “thought leaders”. Remember when Zuckerberg said HTML5 was dead? — It almost costed me my job. Clueless upper-management tired to get rid of me after this incident, and my direct boss transferred me to R&D team to save me, however, I left the company soon after, to shift my career outside of the mobile web in 2014. More JavaScript / No JavaScript Now we’ve got web with richer experiences, with more shiny new JS frameworks that works beautifully with mobile, and the frameworks that allows us to develop cross-platform natives apps with JavaScript. We had the Appcelerator Titanium before, and now we have React Native. Simultaneously, Google has been really pushing AMP, Accelerated Mobile Pages, which suggests using less or no JavaScript for better performance (and higher Google search ranking). To be honest, this makes me feel like we are somehow going backwards with a mobile web, which is minimalistic and static, with a separate URL (google.com/amp/mysite). However, AMP can certainly gives better user experiences for sites like news web pages, when all we need is just information, not the whole experiences from web. There have been so much happened in mobile web world, and still going on. I have no idea what the future mobile web is like- perhaps, with AI and deep learning, no human developer would be needed for coding? Who knows. Anyway, this was my memoir of mobile web, and I’d like to conclude it by saying, happy birthday iPhone! You disrupted the mobile web. I love you, although I am a dedicated Android user for past years. Lastly, I want to excuse for not covering everybody in the industry, who have helped to build better web. I have met (or not yet) so many great people throughout my career. Web Development Mobile Web Mobile W3c iPhone 22 1 BlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Tomomi Imura Open Web & Tech Advocate. Creative Technologist. All things JavaScript. Works at Slack. Share 22 Never miss a story from Tomomi Imura, when you sign up for Medium. Learn more Never miss a story from Tomomi Imura BlockedUnblockFollowGet updates
Home Radio TV Ghana Contact Login Login Forgot Password New User ! REGISTER.. FEATURED STORY Too Much “greedy Corruption” In Ghana – Jon Benjamin... Home News Sports Opinions Africa Politics Business Lifestyle Real Estates Members OnAIR NEWS SPORTS AFRICA WORLD OPINIONS POLITICS BUSINESS DIASPORA LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT REAL ESTATE CLASSIFIEDS MEDIA MEMBERS News Archive Dossiers Elections 2016 General News Health News Local News Corruption Scandals References OnAIR Columns Archive Mobile Report: Jumia Travel Sees 33% Increase In Conversion Rate On Progressive Web App Bennet Otoo, Jumia Travel 13 June 2017 | Travel & Tourism  0  Jumia Travel presents a report about her mobile strategy in the continent. Google does a study about the Progressive Web App launched recently by the Online Travel agency. Highlights: 33% higher conversion rate 50% lower bounce rate 12X more users versus native apps (Android & IOS) 5X less data used 2X less data to complete first transaction 25X less device storage required Jumia Travel in collaboration with Google has released a case study on the adoption of the Progressive Web App (PWA) as compared to the use of native apps (android & IOS). The Jumia team has rebuilt its mobile website using PWA technologies and this research showcases new achievements attained in key areas pertaining to storage space, battery life, and data consumption. The integration of the PWA on Jumia mobile ecosystem has resulted to better user experience, growth of conversion rate and notably, lower bounce rate on the ecosystem. CEO of Jumia Travel Paul Midy said, “We operate in a market highly characterized by a "mobile-first" adoption, thus aims at bringing the latest technology customized to accommodate all markets even where internet speed is still limited.” He further expressed the Group’s focus on leveraging on technology and continuously investing resources to enrich the user experience, “Africa is a mobile-intensive market, we are just getting started, and believe that creating more conducive and friendly ways to experience mobile is a great stride in meeting customer needs.” Giovanni Clavarino, Chief Product Manager at Jumia Travel, highlights that, “About 95% & 80% of our mobile users are using the browser to check our website in Nigeria and Kenya respectively. This is why we have come up with the PWA technology to give our customers the same fast and content rich experience on browsers as they have on Android and IOS apps, but at a fraction (5 times less) of data usage.” Following the optimization on all the elements of the PWA experience, the company revealed a remarkable 33% increase in conversion rates compared to the previous mobile website. It is also notable that traffic to PWA has eclipsed that of the native app by more than twelve times and is still growing, while the bounce rate has gone down by half. Mobile-first Experience According to Omolara Adagunodo, Country Manager of Jumia Travel in Ghana, ‘’ Mobile technology has always been the preferred option in the African Market, we have therefore delivered a seamless and stress-free option for our customers. This provides the efficiency and ease of using a mobile app without actually having to download an app’’. A report by IDC (International Data Center) indicates that Africa has steadily recorded an increased shipment of smartphones in every quarter, and the market is expected to double in volume, accounting for a third of all handset shipments by end of 2017. This will further bolster the number of customers preferring to make their purchases via the device, again reiterating on the need for ecommerce players to adapt a mobile first strategy into their operations. Jumia Travel’s PWA uses 80% less data than the native app to complete the first transaction. The PWA consumes 25 times less storage, and is much easier to keep up-to-date. The ability to work offline-first also makes a lot of sense given the erratic mobile-network service experienced by users. Considering that Jumia’s main market in the Sub-Saharan Africa majorly consists of mobile-originating customers at 75%, it was imperative to adapt a highly engaging ecosystem. PWA combines high-converting features of native apps with the wide-reach abilities of the web, hence overcoming the issue of 2G networks most common in SAA (Sub-Saharan Africa), intermittent connectivity and data limitations. Jumia showcased part of their 2016 mobile strategy in Progressive Web App (PWA) journey , illustrating increased conversions through push notifications, which as Jeremy Doutte, the Group CEO explained is a “more personal way to communicate with customers and get closer to the customers”. About Jumia Travel Jumia Travel ( travel.jumia.com ) is the N°1 Pan African Online Travel Agency, which simplifies the travel booking experience by allowing users to compare prices and amenities in a fast and secure manner. With more than 30,000 hotels in Africa (+300,000 hotels around the world) and more than a hundred flight companies as partners, Jumia Travel aims to democratize travel by reducing travelling cost, providing the largest inventory of properties and granting local & high-quality services to become the one stop travel shop in the continent. Jumia Travel is active in over 40 countries in Africa, with 10 local offices, and more than 400 travel specialists constantly in touch with our customers. Our main hubs are in Lagos (Nigeria), Accra (Ghana), Dakar (Senegal), Abidjan (Ivory Coast), Algiers (Algeria), Douala (Cameroon), Kampala (Uganda), Dar Es Salaam (Tanzania), Nairobi (Kenya) and Addis Ababa (Ethiopia). Before June 2016, Jumia Travel was known as Jovago. It was founded in 2013 by Jumia and is backed by MTN, Millicom, Rocket Internet, Orange, Axa and other financial partners.  Add comment   Prev Next   Do you have a story for publication? Please email it to [email protected]  0  More Travel & Tourism Lack Of Trained Professionals Hampering Tourism De... Thursday, June 15, 2017 ldquo;Until you take your profession as passion, each and every activity loo ... ... Mobile-First Experience In The Hospitality Industr... Tuesday, June 13, 2017 A report by IDC (International Data Center) indicates that Africa has steadil ... ... Google releases case study on Jumia Travel’s Progr... Tuesday, June 13, 2017 Highlights: middot; 33% higher conversion rate middot; 50% lower boun ... ... 5 Surprising Benefits Of Playing Chess Monday, June 12, 2017 The game of chess is often described as problem solving at its finest. It rsq ... ... Show More Stories    TOP STORIES 'Lord Commey Boys' Sabotaging Car Retrievals 24 minutes ago National Chief Imam Advises Youth To Emulate The Exemplary Life Of Alh... 11 hours ago LATEST POPULAR COMMENTS Ghanaians Unprecedented Vogue For The Musings Of Political D 'Lord Commey Boys' Sabotaging Car Retrievals MTN Volunteers Reconstruct Street Academy As Part Of 21 Days Behind The Murder Of Major Mahama Lies Several Untold Truth Woman steals donated clothes from church Reggae star Alpha Blondy calls for general amnesty in Ivory DR Congo: decapitation and hunger, survivors relive horror ARCHIVE GET MORE Man Lynched At Kejetia Rev. Owusu Bempah Interprets "Spiritual" Captain Mahama's D Denkyira-Boase DCE Fired Kumasi: Soldiers brutally assault Police officer Being President Is Not Easy, Nana Addo Needs Your Prayers—Ba CID to 'interrogate' widow of late Major Mahama Mahama’s widow Barbara barely talks – Father-in-law MOST POPULAR Return V8 to John Dumelo – Abronye DC Officials who misappropriate state funds to pay - S.C orders Soot-free buses will reduce air pollution - Minister Gov't to issue $2.5bn bond to retire legacy debt Why motorists are paying mandatory 'towing fee' from July Ghana signs agric industrialization deal with India Abuse Of Ghanaian Domestic Workers In The Gulf Should Earn O HAVE YOUR SAY love is death,it is likened to the blood that flows in our vains. It has life to heal especially the one who suffers from its defficiency By: stephen victor cobbi More Quotes Submit Quotes Inter Bank Rates Currency Buying Selling U.S Dollar 4.3373 4.3417 Euro 4.8384 4.8432 Pound Sterling 5.5322 5.5391 Swiss Franc 4.4500 4.4541 Canadian Dollar 3.2629 3.2652 S/African Rand 0.3378 0.3379 Australian Dollar 3.2878 3.2941 News News headlines General News Education Crime/Punishment Social Affairs Press Releases Regional News Health News Sports Sport News Premier League CAN 2013 CAN 2012 CAN 2010 CAN 2008 Worldcup 2010 Worldcup 2014 Politics Elections 2012 Elections 2008 CPP News NPP News NDC News PNC News PPP News Diaspora UK & Ireland United States Canada Germany Switzerland Netherlands Italy France Real Estate Homes For Sale Uncompleted Houses Bargain Houses Luxury Houses House For Rent Unserviced Plots Serviced Plots Entertainment News Headlines Nollywood Gists Online Radio Watch TV Photo Gallery Audio Releases Music Albums Video Clips Africa Nigeria Egypt Libya Uganda Congo Liberia Kenya Ivory Coast South Africa Opinions Columnists Featured Articles Opinions Editorial Letters Critics Commentaries Have Your Say Polls & Surveys Business Business News Real Estate Classifieds Business Directory Website Directory Book Directory LifeStyle Health Beauty/Fashion Family/Parenting Health/Fitness Home/Food Poetry Relationships Social Issues Women Issues Classifieds Announcements Business Services Jobs/Employment Computers/Software Car/Trucks Friendships/Penpals Datings/Relationship Members All Profiles Female Profiles Male Profiles Hot Or Not Home About us Contact Us Feedback Ghana Online Radio Online TV Advertise RSS Feeds Site Map Partners Links Terms of use Privacy Policy All trademarks and copyrights on this page are owned by their respective owners. 2005-2017 © Copyright ModernGhana.com
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays HomePod iMac iMac Pro iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS High Sierra macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 watchOS 4 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums HomePod iOS 11 iPhone 7 iPhone 8 macOS High Sierra WWDC 2017 iMac Pro MacBook Pro watchOS 3 watchOS 4 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air macOS Sierra iOS 10 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Google Hires Veteran Chip Designer Away From Apple to Build Custom Chips For Pixel Smartphones Tuesday June 13, 2017 7:55 AM PDT by Joe Rossignol Google has hired veteran chip architect Manu Gulati, who worked at Apple for the past eight years, according to Variety. Gulati is now a Lead SOC Architect at Google, where he began in May, according to his recently updated LinkedIn profile. Gulati was "instrumental" to the company's efforts to build custom chips for the iPad, iPhone, and Apple TV, according to the report. Apple's custom silicon ranges from the single-core A4 chip in the original iPad and iPhone 4 to the six-core A10X Fusion chip in the new 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro. At Google, his expertise is expected to help the Mountain View company design custom chips for its own Pixel smartphones. Pixel smartphones are currently powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 821 processor, which is the same chip used in several other flagship Android smartphones. But reports claim Google plans to build its own chips, as it takes on the iPhone more directly in the premium smartphone category. Gulati is listed as an inventor on over a dozen Apple patents related to mobile processors and integrated circuity. He has over 20 years of industry experience, including lengthy stints at AMD and Broadcom. Tags: Google, Google Pixel 36 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) cmaier 3 days ago at 08:00 am I know Manu. Used to work with him at AMD. He's fine, but Apple will be fine. [doublepost=1497366091][/doublepost] I'm sure Apple has a substantial chip design team, but this still sucks for them. Their chip team is one of the best in the world and no other mobile devices can come close to their performance. They're even starting to catch up and in some ways pass Intel's 13" MBP chips with the iPad Pro. It's astounding how far they've come in such a short time. This is a huge hire for Google. I wonder how much money they had to pony up to get this guy as it gives them a big competitive advantage going forward. Wouldn't call it a huge hire. Rating: 14 Votes Quu 3 days ago at 08:56 am Most are ignoring that fact that when one goes, more are to follow. I'm not saying apple is in trouble or anything like that, but I would absolutely amazed if he isn't able to get others from apple to follow. It's just simply a part of business. I can't tell you how many times when a lead or senior engineer leaves my employer for apple, google, intel, etc. that a few follow him/her. Keep in mind that the architect of the A4 and A5 (or at-least one of the "rockstar" chip designers of our time) Jim Keller left Apple after he worked on those and joined Samsung, AMD and now Tesla. He was instrumental in designing the new Zen architecture for AMD that is giving them a huge resurgence. But the key thing is he left after the A5 and Apple has since created the A6, A7, A8, A9 and A10. All amazing without him being present. Rating: 12 Votes Quu 3 days ago at 08:02 am My prediction: They come out with a chip in 3 years it underperforms compared to the competition, Google axes it and we never hear of this guy ever again. Rating: 11 Votes sully54 3 days ago at 08:07 am This is one guy. Apple will be fine. Rating: 5 Votes macduke 3 days ago at 08:00 am I'm sure Apple has a substantial chip design team, but this still sucks for them. Their chip team is one of the best in the world and no other mobile devices can come close to their performance. They're even starting to catch up and in some ways pass Intel's 13" MBP chips with the iPad Pro. It's astounding how far they've come in such a short time. This is a huge hire for Google. I wonder how much money they had to pony up to get this guy as it gives them a big competitive advantage going forward. Rating: 4 Votes geenosr 3 days ago at 07:58 am ('//www.macrumors.com/2017/06/13/google-hires-veteran-apple-chip-designer/') Google has hired veteran chip architect Manu Gulati, who worked at Apple for the past eight years, according to Variety ('http://variety.com/2017/digital/news/google-manu-gulati-pixel-chips-1202464014/'). Gulati is now a Lead SOC Architect at Google, where he began in May, according to his recently updated LinkedIn profile ('https://www.linkedin.com/in/manu-gulati-283346/'). Gulati was "instrumental" to the company's efforts to build custom chips for the iPad, iPhone, and Apple TV, according to the report. Apple's custom silicon ranges from the single-core A4 chip in the original iPad and iPhone 4 to the quad-core A10X Fusion chip in the new 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro. At Google, his expertise is expected to help the Mountain View company design custom chips for its own Pixel smartphones. Pixel smartphones are currently powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 821 processor, which is the same chip used in several other flagship Android smartphones. But reports claim Google plans to build its own chips ('https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-10-04/behind-the-pixel-google-s-first-real-threat-to-apple-s-iphone'), as it takes on the iPhone more directly in the premium smartphone category. Gulati is listed as an inventor on over a dozen Apple patents ('http://patents.justia.com/inventor/manu-gulati') related to mobile processors and integrated circuity. He has over 20 years of industry experience, including lengthy stints at AMD and Broadcom. Article Link: Google Hires Veteran Chip Designer Away From Apple to Build Custom Chips For Pixel Smartphones ('//www.macrumors.com/2017/06/13/google-hires-veteran-apple-chip-designer/') As long as Mr. Gulati doesn't break any of the patents that apple owns, I wish him good luck at google. Rating: 4 Votes jarred125 3 days ago at 08:11 am My prediction: They come out with a chip in 3 years it underperforms compared to the competition, Google axes it and we never hear of this guy ever again. I am honestly surprised Google has kept up with its chip division this long. I see the same outcome as you simply from their previous ventures. Rating: 3 Votes drewyboy 3 days ago at 08:51 am Most are ignoring that fact that when one goes, more are to follow. I'm not saying apple is in trouble or anything like that, but I would absolutely be amazed if he isn't able to get others from apple to follow. It's just simply a part of business. I can't tell you how many times when a lead or senior engineer leaves my employer for apple, google, intel, etc. that a few follow him/her. Rating: 2 Votes BC2009 3 days ago at 08:20 am Apple's custom silicon ranges from the single-core A4 chip in the original iPad and iPhone 4 to the quad-core A10X Fusion chip in the new 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro. A10X has 6 cores, not 4. Rating: 1 Votes kdarling 2 days ago at 08:18 am As long as Mr. Gulati doesn't break any of the patents that apple owns, I wish him good luck at google. Yep, people move all the time. Like a few years back, when Apple hired one of Samsung's top SOC designer ('//www.macrumors.com/2012/10/11/apple-hires-key-chip-designer-from-samsung/')s. Folks who post about how Apple uniquely poaches others' employees, take note. I don't think anyone says that Apple "uniquely" poaches other employees. Although they are known for sometimes coaxing away all the key members of a small company that won't sell itself to them. In cases like this, though, it's often simply because someone isn't getting to do what they really want, so they jump ship to somewhere they can. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iPhone 8 Fall 2017 New design with full-front display and no Home button expected. HomePod December Siri-based speaker unveiled at WWDC, launching December 2017. iMac Pro December High-end iMac Pro in Space Gray will start at $4999. Front Page Stories Hands-On With watchOS 4: Siri Watch Face, Apple Pay, Activity Improvements, New Workouts and More 8 hours ago on Front Page This fall Apple plans to introduce an all new version of watchOS, the operating system that runs on the Apple Watch. watchOS 4 is faster, more efficient, includes new tools for developers, and offers... 45 comments Spotify Continues to Grow Faster Than Apple Music Thanks to Free Tier 15 hours ago on Front Page Spotify today announced it now has over 140 million subscribers worldwide, including users that only listen to the free ad-supported tier. Spotify last said it had over 100 million... 196 comments Scott Forstall to Discuss Creation of iPhone at Computer History Museum Next Week 17 hours ago on Front Page The Computer History Museum in Mountain View, California has announced that former iOS chief Scott Forstall will sit down with journalist John Markoff on June 20 for a fireside chat about how the... 163 comments Tim Cook Talks HomePod, AR, and How America is 'More Important Than Bloody Politics' in New Interview 19 hours ago on Front Page Bloomberg Businessweek sat down with Apple CEO Tim Cook last week to discuss a collection of topics related to Apple and the tech industry, including augmented reality, the legacy that Steve Jobs... 121 comments Mobile Roaming Charges Abolished in the EU 22 hours ago on Front Page A new European Union law came into effect on Thursday that abolishes roaming charges for people using mobile phones abroad. The new rules mean that European citizens traveling within the EU that... 206 comments Apple Aiming to Make iPhone 'One-Stop Shop' for Medical Info 1 day ago on Front Page Apple wants the iPhone to serve as a comprehensive health repository for every iPhone user, keeping track of medical data like doctors visits, lab results, medications, and more, reports CNBC. ... 78 comments Listen to Siri's More Natural Voice in iOS 11 1 day ago on Front Page Siri gets smarter in every new version of iOS, and iOS 11 is no exception. This year, Siri has been improved with advances in machine learning and artificial intelligence, giving the personal... 99 comments Apple Supplier Confirms New iPhone Models Will Be 'Waterproof' With Wireless Charging 2 days ago on Front Page iPhone assembler Wistron has confirmed that at least one of Apple's next-generation iPhone models will be "waterproof" and include wireless charging capabilities, according to Japanese... 178 comments • Consumer Reports Rates Galaxy S8 Over iPhone 7 as 'iPhone 8' Rumored to Address Most Shortcomings (246) • Developers Share First Augmented Reality Creations Using Apple's ARKit (95) • Hands-On With Apple's New 10.5-Inch iPad Pro (181) • Apple Seeds Third Beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.6 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] (36) • Apple Seeds Third Beta of iOS 10.3.3 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] (44) • 'The One Device' Book Covering 'Secret History' of iPhone Available June 20 (86) • Apple Issues $1 Billion Green Bond Sale to Fund Renewable Energy (79)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade RPG Reload Glossary - The Unexpected Modern Awakening of TRPGs Huge "COCCYX" Update Submitted for 'Death Road to Canada', iOS 11 Update for 'Punch Quest' Coming June 22nd The Hilarious 'Smash Anarchy' Looking for More Beta Testers Open World Dinosaur-Themed MMORPG 'Durango' Gets Another New Trailer for E3 'Brawl Stars' First Impressions - Move Over, 'Clash Royale' 'Bound', the Storytelling App 'Exiles of Embermark' Will Use, Has Soft-Launched in the US and Canada YouTube Hands-On with watchOS 4! iOS 11's Siri Update 10.5-Inch iPad Pro Hands-On! iOS 11's Updated Photos and Camera App iOS 11 on the iPad! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... The largest of Google's 2017 devices, codenamed 'Taimen,' may be built by LG Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/12 8:32pm PDTJun 12, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 4 Share on Facebook 7 Share on Twitter Total Shares25 Google Leaks LG News Back in March, we learned that Google may be working on a third device for 2017, called 'Taimen' (Google traditionally names products after fish). This third model would be bigger than the next Pixel and Pixel XL, codenamed 'Walleye' and 'Muskie' respectively. It's not known for sure that Taimen will be a larger Pixel phone, just that it will be larger in size than Walleye and Muskie. Earlier today, we reported that Muskie has likely been cancelled, leaving Walleye and Taimen the only phones Google will reveal this year. Now it seems that Taimen may be manufactured by LG. 9to5Google spotted an issue on the Google Issue Tracker, titled 'USB PD Compliance Failure.' The second comment on the report seems to reveal that Taimen is being manufactured by LG, with the device being called "G011C" in the linked power report. Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X. Considering that the bootlooping Nexus 5X is still fresh on consumers' minds, with a lawsuit currently pending, it seems hard to believe that Google would be welcome to LG making another device. Personally, I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacturer (my Nexus 5 and 5X both died after about a year of use), but let us know what you think in the comments. Via: 9to5Google Tags bootloop Google LG taimen subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Logitech Harmony Elite only $250 at Amazon and Best Buy ($100 off) ... Next Story Logitech announces Circle 2 home security cameras—weatherproof, wired or wireless, and ... Trending 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments james fuston Can't agree. My Nexus 5 was fantastic and I'm totally fine with LG manufacturing a Pixel. Snowsky Mountain I'm hoping that even if there was a problem with some LG phones like the G4, they've fixed it by now with the V20 and G6. Those seem like (relatively) stable phones, at least compared to the G4 and V10. JSo I'm currently using a v10 after my Nexus 5X died. I'm scared for it every day now. Lol Randroid V20 still has the same issue: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The G6 hasn't been out long enough for us to know yet. (The 5X generally bootloops around the 13 month mark) Anthony Castanza Same, LG made the Nexus 4 and Nexus 5, two of the best phones I've ever owned, I'm willing to give them another chance. james fuston Not to mention the level of support Google offers on Nexus/Pixel phones is far superior to working directly with OEMs like LG. The Nexus (later Pixel) support team is easily one of the best customer support interactions I've ever had. aRvInD Everything was fine till Nexus 5. Other issues like Power button prob etc maybe there but LG was doing well in making compact phones, until phones #bootloop. If LG explicitly agrees this #bootloop issue and positively declares they've fixed this issue, like Samsung did with Note 7 battery explosion story on S8, I will be glad to hope on them... I have hope because my LG Nexus 4, still works nice/flawless for almost 5 years!... Giampi Had a Nexus 5 and sold to buy OPO (worst decision ever). I've had 2 5X (the first died because it fell into the toilet by my lovely son hands and the second one is working perfectly). Using a Pixel now but just because I wanted some new toy. c00ller Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information. Your positive experience with the Nexus 5 is obsolete and unrepresentative of the more recent LG manufactured devices such as the Nexus 5X (mentioned in the post, guess you didn't bother to click on the relevant link) and the G4. Get informed by checking out /r/Nexus5X for example (there is a stickied post titled, "Bootloop megathread 2.0" for crying out loud). After just a few minutes of browsing it should be crystal clear why most Nexus 5X owners will forever avoid LG (and dissuade their friends/family from choosing LG as well). BFRC As you might know, there is a very large gap between individual 5X devices. I have used the Nexus 5, and currently running the 5X, and both of these devices have worked flawlessly over the last few years. My gf has my N5 and is still using it, also satisfied with its performance. Because of it, there is a large split in confidence with LG for newer devices; I would still consider getting a new LG phone if I wouldn't be aware of the mass issues, whereas many others would definitely stay away from anything they'd produce. Jerzy Michał Pawlak My Nexus 5X bootlooped 13 months after purchase... so what? LG fixed it quickly and without fuss (we have 2 years manufacturer's warranty here) and the phone works great again. Problems can happen with every manufacturer (my old Samsung Note 2 bootlooped 4 months after purchase, due to faulty RAM) and LG has shown good quality of service in this case. Large_Hadron The other posters' experience of the Nexus 5 is relevant because the author of the article cited the 5 as one of the reasons they would avoid a LG-built Pixel. Actually I know several people who are still using Nexus 5s. I've only ever seen a 5X in the wild once. The G6 would be the obvious device to watch if you want information on LG's recent manufacturing, as that will be 6 months old by the time the next Pixels are released (I've not seen reports of it having problems yet, but let's give it a few more months). Ryan We get it, we know. But one phone (after all, the 5x is just a warmed over G4) being a screw-up doesnt negate they had a few years of greatness. Maybe they can get back there if they learn from their mistakes. james fuston Ah yeah, I forgot to mention my G6 is also great. hope that makes my opinion less "obsolete" in your mind. Raz My N5 is still going strong and I use it every day as my spare device. My wife and mother-in-law are using their N5X for more than one year without any issues. Don't discount a manufacturer for some bad phones. Samsung still owns a decent share of the Android market and are one of the few companies that had a device banned on most US flights. Just saying. FoxBJK Subreddits around old phones really don't have much to focus on years after the phone was released. Are 5 and 5x owners supposed to hop over to those subs just to say "My phone's working great, sorry you're all having trouble"? It wouldn't go well. What else are they supposed to talk about that wouldn't apply to other, more general subreddits? It's not a fair assessment to look at those subs, and it's just condescending to say someone's wrong because their phone still works, and they don't know anyone with boot loop issues. I don't know anyone personally suffering from those either, so am I wrong when I say the 5x was a solid device for the price? james fuston Pretty much this. Product-centric subreddits are, in my experience, 90% people who are having a really bad time (outside of the first month of a product launch, where they're all "GOT MY SHIPPING CONFIRMATION!!1!") instinct I was an LG fan after the Nexus 5 and the G2 and G3. I got burned with a G4 (bootloop) but stayed with LG for the G5 for removable battery. It's been a good phone so far, but I am not as big of a fan as I used to be. My brothers 5X and my friends G4's both bootlooped. However, if it's another Nexus 5, I'd probably get it. My favorite phone ever. Nick Coad "Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information." You are lacking current information as well, for example you don't know how many 5Xs were actually affected by the bootloop as a percentage of the overall units sold. I'm not saying the problem is not serious, or even that it is not widespread BUT what I am saying is WE DON'T KNOW how many units had the problem, so any declaration about the prevalence of the issue is based on conjecture, including yours. A subreddit especially is the most ridiculous source to cite for evidence of anything, especially a manufacturing defect, given that only users experiencing the problem are going to be posting. You have no idea how many users are out there using their Nexus 5Xs without issue (like me and a couple of my friends, for example). xyz No, thanks. Reddit is cancer. stirfry Hmmm. LG recently announced 2 year warranties, so it would appear they are standing behind their products. I will definitely be purchasing a LG Pixel 2. My hysterical friends can stuff their dissuasion. rebretz000 I still have my Nexus 5X and I never had any bootloop issues. If the new Pixel XL looks like the LG G6 I will be all over it. Randroid So many of LG's phones bootloop that there's a wikipedia page for "LG smartphone bootloop issues" that contains a list of LG phones that bootloop: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues I will not be buying another LG phone any time soon. ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ...until it boot loops XD VAVAMk_2 Mine still works thomas sim My nexus 5 not affected by infamous bootloop, but another infamous issue of power button failed after one year, replaced it cheap. Replaced battery recently and now in drawer as backup phone. My friend's 5X not so lucky though. Lost confidence on LG already. Ahmad El-Ibrahim It is scary to think LG would be manufacturing. Google really wants​ people to pick up Pixel Protect. Daniel That must be some tasty cereal.... AK Don't worry guys, it'll all be ok. This is not Nexus. This is Pixel. "Made by Google" Pixel. SomeGuy112 True, if LG is just the manufacturer and Google designs and engineers everything, there's hope. DragoCubed Isn't the comment you replied to sarcastic? SomeGuy112 Could be, too hard to tell since the Pixel devices have better build quality than the last two Nexus devices. Midnitte Doesn't matter how well something is engineered if it's put together with duct tape. SomeGuy112 Valid point. Duder12 My Pixel has been solid as fuck. Jealous? AK No, mine has served me well also... silzazsyh i think your post SOUNDED too sarcastic, but it's accurate because the pixels are great AK My bad, wasn't supposed to be. xyz Of all the things to envy other people for, a fucking phone isn't one of them. Get a life. Dirge Pass. Nicholas Matranga I had two Nexus 5xs bootloop. No thanks LG! vineeth pulipati That's a software issue though, not lg's fault caerestapermitido No. Kieron Quinn Ah yes, a software fault that happens regardless of Android version, and happens to many other LG phones too. Seems legit. Randroid Look at reddit.com/r/nexus5x a quick look into a few posts there will tell you that it is NOT software related. People blamed it on Nougat, but mine bootlooped while still on 6.0.1. Also relevant: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Snowsky Mountain Maybe it's so that it can have a bezel-less screen? I think HTC said they weren't able to reduce bezels because they were a smaller OEM, so maybe Google's going with LG because of that. heitor dude, i got a nexus 5 since 2013 and it's still handling things pretty fine. LG does a great job, you're talking shit Gjorgi Lazarovski Do you by chance have a g4, g5, v10, v20 or a 5X? If not your comment makes no sense since bootloop issues were being reported from the g4 onwards. Corbin Davenport Why would I lie about my phone dying? The power button got stuck, and it happened to a ton of people. Just do a search for "nexus 5 power button". https://www.ifixit.com/Answers/View/208337/How+do+I+fix+a+Nexus+5+Power+Button+Issue https://www.reddit.com/r/Nexus5/comments/2rpfuj/nexus_5_broken_power_button_keeps_rebooting/ https://forum.xda-developers.com/google-nexus-5/general/nexus-5-power-button-broken-heres-to-t3049747 https://protyposis.net/blog/replacing-the-nexus-5-power-button/ https://flothesof.github.io/fixing-Nexus5-power-button.html https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/nexus/XwJA0gi4tco Duder12 Whats ridiculous is you are just assuming that LG will have the same level of involvement with the Pixel 2 as they did with the Nexus 5x. The Nexus 5x was a partner device. For all we know LG is nothing but a Foxconn for the Pixel 2 Randroid Problem is that ALL recent devices made by LG are bootlooping, not just the 5X: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Randroid How about the bootloop issues on all of their recent phones? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues D13H4RD2L1V3 Mmmm, fishy cereal SomeGuy112 Google is trading fat bezels for bootloops, would rather have the fat bezels and better build quality from HTC. Rohan J Singh Best news all week .. lg any day over htc. If it's htc then mostly it will be based off u11 type shitty front design. Randroid I'm just gunna leave this here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Rohan J Singh Ofcourse they are going to work on it if they aim to compete with apple which they are Randroid Work on what? The bootloop issue that has been plaguing them for their last 5 releases? Yeah, you go ahead and be part of their test group. Let me know when your device bootloops. Rohan J Singh If i do buy this i will reply to you here, Bookmarked ! Orion Exactly! cadtek91 I dunno what the big deal is. LG and HTC are just manufacturers, like Foxconn is to Apple. Google has final say on design, schematics, layouts, testing, BOMs, components. SomeGuy112 Let's hope that's the case this year, the OG Pixel looks surprisingly simlar to other HTC designs, rumor was HTC gave Google a HTC phone template to base the original Pixel off of because they needed something fast due to a deal gone bad with Huawei, of course that's just a rumor though This year they had lots of time, so hopefully the design is somewhat more unique. Luxferro Don't forget the 6P's battery shutdown issues too. cadtek91 Yeah, that's Hauwei's fault though, not LG's. Patriciaahenry Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dg155c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dg155c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs445DirectGroupsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dg155c:....,.... Chris Thurber Why did you only work 90 hours in the last four weeks if you're making that much per hour? Why not work a normal 80 hour work week?? You'd be a millionaire? Hmm?? HMM??? Luxferro Re-read your initial comment, and tell me why your comment applies to the nexus 5, 5X, but not 6P. demarcmj The point of his original comment was that there is (or should be) a difference between Nexus devices and Pixel devices W.R.T. the role of the manufacturer. Meaning that the problems experienced on Nexus phones need not necessarily deter customers from a Pixel because in this case (theoretically) the phone is being designed by Google and the manufacturer is just building to print. VAVAMk_2 Crap batteries from Huawei. Can confirm. Once replaced they run fine. Luxferro I think part of the issue is Google and could be software too. The phone communicates with the battery over I2C bus. If the phone is at 30% battery, and all of a sudden it powers off and won't turn back on until you connect to a charger for a split second while you press the power button. Then it boots back up with 30% then why did it turn off? Did the cells go into some protection mode? Did the battery say we're running low and tell android to power off? Did the phone mis-interpret I2C communication and think it needs to turn off. I'm sure google could narrow down the problem if they actually looked at it - just monitor the I2C traffic to and from the battery. It's their phone... they sold and marketed it. Nope.jpeg I guess they all have pretty back customer support, so that doesn't matter, either. Large_Hadron The original Pixels had a lot more HTC design in them than Google's marketing would like you to think. I don't think it's a secret that they were a bit of a rush job (though they've overall held up pretty well despite that). Of course they shouldn't be a rush this time, so probably "designed by Google" will be more accurate this time. But I can still understand reservations if people have reason to distrust a particular manufacturer. Randroid Here's a list of LG phones that bootloop (Including the 5x): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The problem is with something at LG and the way they manufacturer their devices. They all bootloop. (All recent models at least) xyz Anything they can do to avoid blaming their precious Google. If the phone has the Google logo on it, then any problems with it are Google's fault. James Briano I'm going to have another look at that "Essential" phone Luxferro I think I'm buying that too. I have mine reserved. Time to try something new than a Google phone. Bombaglad the only thing bugging me about that phone is the absence of amoled wjrandon I never had a problem with my Nexus 5. Frankly I welcome LG over HTC. Considering the publicity of their past hardware problems I'm sure LG's engineers would make sure not to repeat any past mistakes. Bring on that massive 6 inch display. My body is ready! phineasjw I've always bought a new Android phone every two years, however similar to desktops, we've reached mobile CPU performance saturation. I've got a Nexus 6P and really feel no need to upgrade to a new $750 phone with only slightly better performance when the 6P is still blazing along. We'll see what the next Pixel iteration brings.. needa Buy a battery or two now, while you can still get OEM quality. You can thank me later. DragoCubed I'm still using my S4 :P WitnessG This kills the hype. Its hard to trust LG with their flaky past of bad quality. Luxferro The Nexus 6P has similar issues with it's battery... Henry Park That doesn't excuse LG in anyway shape or form, especially since G4 G5 V10 V20 all had similar boot looping problems. Manny Fleurmond V20? I own a V20 and have no problems Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues George famous last words... VAVAMk_2 Huawei used crappy quality batteries that degrade after a year. Replace the battery and it runs great again. I did. Roy But here Google design the phone, so it's different. JSo My Nexus 5X died on me. But my Nexus 5 still runs good. Go figure. I loved both phones though. Curtis Bond I'd sure as hell take LG over HTC. michael interbartolo Lg stepped up and fixed my wife's 5x at 13 months (though did take about 6 weeks) and my 5x at 18 months (turn around was a mere week) so hopefully they learned from their mistakes. portalpirate Poor HTC. Aaron Makes me wonder if the Pixel supply problem wasn't due to production issues at HTC. virk With a dead Nexus 5 and 5X lying around, I'm done with LG. Max If it looks somewhat similar to the G6 shape, keeps the Pixel smoothness and they don't make the mistake of making it larger than a S8+ then they'll have my money for sure! Dan Franchini An LG G6 with an SD 835 and pure Android. Sign me up. Bombaglad they'd need to revive old motorola for that (not the nonsense "moto" they've become under lenovo) Max Johnson I'm not concerned, doesn't seem to be a problem with the G5 and going forward. Bombaglad yeah, the g5 sucked, but didn't bootloop.... OR DID IT?! Christopher Bement Biased much? My N4 and G6 have been flawless, but like you, that's my experience. tim242 For fuck's sake. There is a class actin lawsuit over the issue. Duder12 Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. Randroid Problem is, Google will only perform the replacement if you bought the phone from the Google Store or from Project Fi. If you purchased it anywhere else, you have to go through LG. Luckily I purchased mine from Fi, so when mine bootlooped I got a replacement relatively quickly. destinyhud i know u think u r trying to over smart others but u need to stop. there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid I was referencing the current state of things with the 5x. The comment that I was replying to was talking about Google doing well with the 5x replacements, my comment was specifically about 5x replacements, and is 100% true in that context. Google HAS done a great job with replacements, but LG has NOT. The fact that Google is good at replacing LG's crappy phones is NOT a reason for me to buy a phone that is made by a company that is known for its shoddy hardware. Go ahead and buy more LG stuff. Have fun when it bootloops like the rest of them. destinyhud u r trying to troll with ur comments. u replied to this "Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. " I think u need to get a life. we all know it bootloops but what u r doing is childishly silly Randroid How is that trolling? I'm pointing out facts. Google is good about providing replacements for LG's screw-up; LG is not good at it. "we all know it bootloops" - no, if you read the comments on this page, not everyone knows it bootloops. destinyhud pointing out on every posts?? thats exactly why i said u r trolling with ur childishly silly troll post Ryan Cottrell Weren't all the rumors a year ago saying HTC signed a 2 year, 3 phone contract? Also, maybe they'll have LG make one with a bigger screen, a la G6 since it will minimize component costs, and HTC will make a normal, upgrade from current, Pixel. Si vis pacem, para bellum Given that LG makes the second best smartphone of 2017 so far after the S8, this is good news. Up until now I have never been able to buy any Nexus/Pixel smartphone or tablet in part because most of them weren't even sold here in Western Europe and in part because most of the time there always was some deal breaking spec (especially battery and storage related) and/or lack of some important feature, but I hope that can change soon. Until then, Google will continue to be totally irrelevant on the "hardware side" of the market. iKon It can never be the best phone of 2017, with a 2016 processer. Mike Bastable Well someone certainly has a beef with LG. Simply the most stupid article I have ever read here. Biased and ridiculous. Make me think that A.P. is doing on quality control and impartiality. Piss poor. whispy_snippet Mate. Calm down. Mike Bastable Zen here. However some of the recent articles seem like the ranting of Fanboys (usually found in the comments section) instead of researched articles. A.P is becoming less essential as a result, which is a shame. whispy_snippet Someone's ranting anyway. needa They are all becoming less essential. Nowadays it doesn't really matter what phone you buy... it's going to be a good one. At least AP dives into the code and gets their hands a bit dirty. Everyone else is either a corporate sellout like AC, has terrible page load times due to the ads like AA, or just copy pastes press releases and takes the weekend off like DL. Mike Bastable Points well made Sir_Brizz My Nexus 5 remains my favorite phone of all time. I would love to see a new device with similar design language. whispy_snippet Same here. I have a Pixel now but my old N5 still works! c00ller The number of strong, uninformed, and stubborn opinions in this comments section is a sad reminder of the state of society in general whispy_snippet If we see a hodge podge split design approach with the Pixel I'll be very surprised (and disappointed). DragoCubed It was a lazy design. Flint_PS I don't mind. I've had a Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and am currently using a Nexus 5X. Good phones (although not without faults, obviously), and LG warranty support is pretty great where I live. needa I don't know why you would stay away, unless LG is designing the Pixel from the ground up like they did the Nexus devices. LoE Am I the only one in the world with a perfectly working Nexus 5X? And a perfectly working Nexus 4 before that? I would welcome another LG phone. JD You sir have the unicorn. lomsha Some hope for reduced bezels then lol. Oliver Cervera ✔ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ My Nexus 5 is still rocking, Nexus 5X bootlooping :( Lawstorant Aaaaaaand my interest suddenly dropped to 0. Rohan My nexus 4 worked perfectly till I sold it early this year Dmitry Stepanushkin Same, but wife threw it on floor in underground train station, and screen became unusable. Last thing I did erased it remotely, then it bootlooped and I force powered it off and it went to recycle bin. tmartin yes, mine still runs well (for a phone as old as it is, of course). My N5X started boot looping a few months ago and I brought out my N4 for the month it took LG to fix the 5X. Needless to say, at this point I need a finger print sensor, but the N4 worked well and felt so great in my hand compared to the 5X. Rohan I would instantly get one, jsut for looks if they released a nexus Mini or something with upgrades specs and N4 design. I absolutely loved that phone. Jas Kapadia The leaks are coming! "itshappening.gif" Also thumbs up for that header image. Too good. Dmitry Stepanushkin Add "spoiler alert"😀 Duncan Booth My Nexus 5 got unreliable GPS after nearly 2 years, but was replaced under warranty. My Nexus 5X died completely after 18 months but was replaced under warranty. It's great getting a new phone paid for by Google every couple of years, so as long as they're happy to go with LG I won't have any complaints. Dmitry Stepanushkin Unfortunately not everyone able to get replacement. It FeelsBadMan when thing suddenly breaks and bought somewhere on Ebay. I prefer phones without known major defects over being able to maybe get replacement some day. Rob I'm still using my Nexus 5, and still love it. I won't buy another phone until someone makes a decent one with stock Android that's no bigger. Lucas Araujo Great news! If this is true, there is a chance that the new Pixel can be launched here in Brazil since HTC left the country a few years ago. I guess that you had some very bad luck with your Nexus's devices. I had a Nexus 4, 5 and 5x (my current phone). All of them are still working despite the cracked screen (my fault) and the power button not working properly on the N5. Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues TechGuy22 That's why there's a rumor about bezel being slim since HTC can't make good looking devices anymore Chris You kidding? Nexus 5 was absolutely amazing. yann933 Well considering my 5x just died this Friday, I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;) Looks like the Taimen will be getting 2 years of warranty guys!!!! /s Randroid Google only handles replacements if you bought from Google (or Project Fi.) People who bought from LG, their carrier, or any other source have to go through LG and some are waiting months for a replacement. I, on the other hand, did buy from Fi and got a replacement within about a week. destinyhud there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid As with my other comment, this was specifically talking about 5x replacements. NOT Pixel replacements. Still will never buy another LG phone because I don't want to HAVE to replace my phone when it bootloops. destinyhud no S/he was talking about pixel replacement. read again. his old phone died and "I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;)" Randroid has no problem even if it bootloops but u seem to have a problem with it. 4Ui812 I'm not sure it's the hardware that you have to worry about regarding any new Pixel (fixel) phone as much as it is the software. Randroid If it's made by LG, hardware is what you need to be worried about: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues 4Ui812 My first touch screen phone was a LG (can't remember the name of it) I bought (used) on eBay and never had a issue with it. I've also owned a LG DVD burner (still have it) and a tv in the past. I've only had a few experiences with LG products but every experience had been great. Maybe the company isn't so great anymore ? Randroid Yeah, things change. I *loved* LG's flip phones back in the day. I wouldn't buy a phone if it wasn't LG. But then when smart phones came out the quality was always lacking. Now that they've (kinda) caught up in quality as far as performance is concerned, other issues have popped up. I bought the 5X forgetting that it was made by LG. I honestly probably wouldn't have purchased it even back then if I had realized that fact. LG has never been on the top of the list for smart phones. They were alright for a time, but never on the top. PhantomGamers FWIW I got an OG Nexus 5 on release and it's still running pretty strong, my dad is using it now. Only issue is that the battery dies really fast now, might try and swap it out. Dmitry Stepanushkin I using mine as second phone. All good except battery and some lags coz "only" 2GB of RAM. ROB Be careful with swapping the battery... I killed mine... very depressing. It was a great phone. kamiller42 Cute picture. Spread the hate. I wonder if Samsung articles will be accompanied with images of roasted and burnt marshmallows. Naaaahh. someone755 No because that didn't happen on a mass scale and saw Samsung release a hardware revision that would get swapped out for consumers free of charge, and then later a software update that would render the devices useless. Samsung publicly acknowledged and apologized for the issue and worked together with people and companies to prevent further damage. LG, on the other hand, refuses to even put out a statement to either confirm or deny that the bug exists, despite having several lawsuits launched against them in recent history. The bugs affect many more people than Samsung's battery issue. Samsung should be praised or at least be given a pass because of the way they handled the situation. LG should be shamed both because it's basically stealing from its customers as well as for the waste their dead phones are generating. kamiller42 Samsung handled the issue. Claimed the issue was limited, claimed a fix which wasn't, and several more burned. I think Samsung did handle as best they could, but don't whitewash the event. Exploding phones is far more serious than boot loops. Yet, don't see AP dogging them. Also, not everyone is experiencing boot loops. someone755 Not everyone experienced a burning battery. My point is, and I think you know that, that Samsung reacted to the problem quickly and did several things about it. It may not have been perfect (it certainly wasn't), but it is commendable. LG's attitude is despicable and appalling. Randroid Samsung had 1 phone with an issue, and they quickly addressed it. LG currently has 5, and they still have yet to even try to address the issue. (I say "currently" because there isn't enough data to make a decision about some of their more recent releases.) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues kamiller42 Too quickly addressed. Huh? Recalled, said it was fixed, and then recalled again. No boot loop ever threatened anyone's life. Am I right? I think the Boot Loops cartoon and burnt marshmallows image are infantile. Randroid No bootloop ever threatened anyone's life? I guess you haven't been in an emergency situation without a cell phone. People whose phone have bootlooped are taking MONTHS to be replaced. A lot can happen when you're without a means of contact for 3 months. And again, they're still not comparable. Samsung quickly recalled the product when they found out about the issues. Yes, they messed up by rushing out a replacement that had a similar issue, but then (again) QUICKLY issued another recall. LG has known about these issues for YEARS and has done nothing to remedy them. kamiller42 Which would you rather have in your pocket, a boot looping phone or an exploding one? Randroid Neither, I'd rather the company take responsibility for the problem (like Samsung did) and return my broken phone. Instead, I've got a phone in my pocket that is waiting to bootloop at any time because they replaced it with the same device instead of giving me a device that has no issues. kamiller42 You're talking about response. I'm talking about the problems. I'll take the looping phone. You can keep the burnt leg. demarcmj "Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X." I'm confused by this line. Has the manufacturer of the "Walleye" been leaked yet? Patrick Smithopolis All the tech sites are pretty sure it's HTC. It was reported last year that HTC has an agreement with Google to manufacture the Pixel phones for two or three years. charlie Jason Hopefully LG is capable of making phones with thin bezels, unlike HTC. destinyhud did u miss the G6??? why hopefully? they can make one matteventu I had all the intentions to change my 128GB Pixel XL for the "Pixel XL 2" (or whatever it will be called, regardless of screen size - if not bigger than 6"), but £800 for some LG crap, no thanks, Google you're not going to see my money. Marcelove "I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacture" Yeah, let's buy chinese-slave-labor-made-phone from Xiaomi, Huawei and others instead... blindexecutioner My slave built OnePlus 3T is probably the best built phone I've ever used. You'd think those other manufacturer's could get it right if they're using higher paid free-living adults. Alex Kruger Before people start freaking out about LG, they fixed the design flaw that was leading to boot looping. They no longer have the battery and processor next to each other, they're in separate sides of the phone (processor is on top and the battery is in the bottom) with a heat pipe in between. They started doing this with the G6, which has not suffered and major boot looping issues, and has sold significantly better that the G5 and (I believe) the V10 and V20. I, and many tech bloggers (including Android Police) have been really impressed with the G6 and how well it's aging. Randroid You mean the G6 that release 2 months ago? Yeah, it's aging well. The average time it takes for a 5X to bootloop is around 13 months, so there is no useful data as to how this device will handle at that point of its lifetime. Ryan I only finally had the bootloop issue but I had the extended warranty. While I am not as happy with my 5x my Nexus 4 was an EXCELLENT phone. I even fired it up and used it for the two days I had to wait for my replacement 5x. So, for me, if LG put as much effort into the Pixel as they did the Nexus 4 I could see it being interesting. But if its like the 5x no way, not for Pixel prices. Patrick Smithopolis My Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and Nexus 5X are all working without issue. tmartin Isn't Google supposed to be designing these from the ground up, with LG just acting as a manufacturing partner?? Or have we all moved past that? blindexecutioner Did people really believe that? The Pixel is very clearly an HTC designed phone. Berni Hargrove But wasn't that just because they were short on time? Mike I Author of this article is loose. LG 5x is not in a lawsuit. I'm staying away from you Corbin. tmartin Is Taimen going to be a tango phone? I'm starting this rumor if its not already out there. _jsw_ Literally came here to post this. I hope so, and, if it is, I'm buying it... assuming I don't buy the Asus Zenphone AR first. Tango isn't quite there yet, but it's so tantalizingly close. tmartin Yeah, I don't know. I was planning on getting the XL and Taimen sounds bigger than I want. But maybe I can be convinced. Then again, if I can't fit the thing in my pocket, kind of a deal breaker. tmartin It does sound like Google is wanting to do more with it. I'm skeptical of the whole VR/AR thing, but it is fun to watch it come together. _jsw_ I've got the Tango Tablet, which still runs but is getting really *really* old now (it's never been upgraded past KitKat!!). Still, I've done some coding on it and used it to build decent 3D models of spaces, but the sensors and CPUs weren't quite what I needed. Add a second actual camera on the other end/bottom for real stereoscopic range finding, and the potential is massive. A legit 3D scanner in your hand is an awesome concept. As far as AR/VR goes, though... I think you also need that second camera so that you can look "through" it when it's in a headset and still get stereoscopic vision. The Samsung Gear VR lets you do AR via a passthough of the camera when you're using it, but it seems too "flat" because of only having one "eye". I realize Google isn't going to have two rear-facing cameras, but... if someone would, that would finally be a useful VR/AR headset-capable device. disastrousrainbow I've owned three LG devices in my life. The G3, Nexus 5X, and G5. Neither one of those phone's ever boot looped for me. I'm not saying it's not a problem (because obviously it is for some) but judged off my experience, comments on here, and even the couple of friends I know that are using LG's, I feel as if the severity of this issue is due to a small minority making big noise about it. Shaun Smith Enter the G6 clone. Ugh Shaun Smith I know it's supposed to be bigger, but just remembering when Google asked Moto for a big phone and we ended up with a giant Moto X named Shamu cellabonez Time for sony to make a Nexus StankyChikin N5, G4, V10, Currently on G6 - Have had them all.. Rest have been handed down and work great still. JOAT I had a Nexus 5x and needed a warranty replacement​. Please no, Google!!! sraj49 Let us not forget that the hardware and software is total responsibility of Google and LG had no day in it. I am surprised that a comment like this coming from the author whom I respect for a good analysis King_Android Essential "The Phone" FTW!!!!!!! Joshua Binyard I don't know of any manufacturer that hasn't had issues with their phones, at one point or another. No I'm getting my next pixel 2 "the biggest one" no matter who makes it. And if it acts up I will trade it in. I hope the phone and the case are released at the same time Roy I think it's great. Let's think about it for a little​. Google wanted LG's OLED and in the same time was looking for a new Factory to build the next Pixel. Maybe LG was like you wont our best displays first in line take us to build the next Pixel. In the meantime HTC can't hel to build the new pixel without big bezels and not enough big battery and if Google ever wanted to bring back the front stereo speakers it's really difficult with HTC. LG roking​ with the G6 with tiny bezels. So with LG'S new OLED they can save more place for compact design big battery and the way Google get great display more likely with HDR and can bring back the stereo speakers:) Everybody wins. blindexecutioner Any manufacturer is better than HTC. I hope Google takes some of LG's design the way they took HTC's dated design as well (Even though they say they were responsible or the design it was clearly HTC inspired just like the Nexus devices have always been). Indianajonze well they made the nexus 5 as well, and that phone was amazing. personally, i welcome any opportunity that allows for the possibility we'll get an lcd screen over oled... Gytole Had the G2,3,4,5 and V20, never had a bootloop. I'm for it. Lisandro what a way to kill a phone even before being manufactured Tech Dude My prior LG phones were great. LG G2 and a coupleof LG G3s still going strong as emergency devices. Now my Nexus 6P.. I'm on my forth. No more devices from Huawei. Morenicano That "Boot Loops" picture tho....... 😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Orion Ummmm no. Never seen any issues with LG. This will be my next phone if the specs come correct. xyz Bollocks. Nexus 5 was the best Google branded phone ever. Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 172 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 33 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 395 1 Year Ago Today Editorial: iOS 10 is Apple’s not-so-secret love letter to Android 2016/06/15 4:50pm PDTJun 15, 2016 52 2 Years Ago Today Google Maps Now Warns You If You Are Navigating To A Place That Will Be Closed When You Arrive 2015/06/15 2:52pm PDTJun 15, 2015 43 3 Years Ago Today PSA: No, The OnePlus One Is Not Waterproof, So Don't Try This At Home 2014/06/15 11:20am PDTJun 15, 2014 2 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Emancy: Borderline War, Shelter, And Beejumbled 2013/06/15 5:49pm PDTJun 15, 2013 21 5 Years Ago Today Zombies, Run! Spices Up Your Running Routine With A Little Undead Uprising 2012/06/15 10:20pm PDTJun 15, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today [Updated] EVO Shift 4G Gingerbread OTA Update Dropping June 17th 2011/06/15 3:41pm PDTJun 15, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today HTC Aria Coming June 20th To AT&T, Initial Hands-On Impressions Surface 2010/06/15 5:50pm PDTJun 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 30 Google adds Play Store support to more Chromebooks from Acer, Dell, ASUS, HP, Lenovo, and Samsung 2017/06/15 11:01am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 173 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 124 queries | 0.412s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... The largest of Google's 2017 devices, codenamed 'Taimen,' may be built by LG Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/12 8:32pm PDTJun 12, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 4 Share on Facebook 7 Share on Twitter Total Shares25 Google Leaks LG News Back in March, we learned that Google may be working on a third device for 2017, called 'Taimen' (Google traditionally names products after fish). This third model would be bigger than the next Pixel and Pixel XL, codenamed 'Walleye' and 'Muskie' respectively. It's not known for sure that Taimen will be a larger Pixel phone, just that it will be larger in size than Walleye and Muskie. Earlier today, we reported that Muskie has likely been cancelled, leaving Walleye and Taimen the only phones Google will reveal this year. Now it seems that Taimen may be manufactured by LG. 9to5Google spotted an issue on the Google Issue Tracker, titled 'USB PD Compliance Failure.' The second comment on the report seems to reveal that Taimen is being manufactured by LG, with the device being called "G011C" in the linked power report. Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X. Considering that the bootlooping Nexus 5X is still fresh on consumers' minds, with a lawsuit currently pending, it seems hard to believe that Google would be welcome to LG making another device. Personally, I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacturer (my Nexus 5 and 5X both died after about a year of use), but let us know what you think in the comments. Via: 9to5Google Tags bootloop Google LG taimen subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Logitech Harmony Elite only $250 at Amazon and Best Buy ($100 off) ... Next Story Logitech announces Circle 2 home security cameras—weatherproof, wired or wireless, and ... Trending 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments james fuston Can't agree. My Nexus 5 was fantastic and I'm totally fine with LG manufacturing a Pixel. Snowsky Mountain I'm hoping that even if there was a problem with some LG phones like the G4, they've fixed it by now with the V20 and G6. Those seem like (relatively) stable phones, at least compared to the G4 and V10. JSo I'm currently using a v10 after my Nexus 5X died. I'm scared for it every day now. Lol Randroid V20 still has the same issue: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The G6 hasn't been out long enough for us to know yet. (The 5X generally bootloops around the 13 month mark) Anthony Castanza Same, LG made the Nexus 4 and Nexus 5, two of the best phones I've ever owned, I'm willing to give them another chance. james fuston Not to mention the level of support Google offers on Nexus/Pixel phones is far superior to working directly with OEMs like LG. The Nexus (later Pixel) support team is easily one of the best customer support interactions I've ever had. aRvInD Everything was fine till Nexus 5. Other issues like Power button prob etc maybe there but LG was doing well in making compact phones, until phones #bootloop. If LG explicitly agrees this #bootloop issue and positively declares they've fixed this issue, like Samsung did with Note 7 battery explosion story on S8, I will be glad to hope on them... I have hope because my LG Nexus 4, still works nice/flawless for almost 5 years!... Giampi Had a Nexus 5 and sold to buy OPO (worst decision ever). I've had 2 5X (the first died because it fell into the toilet by my lovely son hands and the second one is working perfectly). Using a Pixel now but just because I wanted some new toy. c00ller Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information. Your positive experience with the Nexus 5 is obsolete and unrepresentative of the more recent LG manufactured devices such as the Nexus 5X (mentioned in the post, guess you didn't bother to click on the relevant link) and the G4. Get informed by checking out /r/Nexus5X for example (there is a stickied post titled, "Bootloop megathread 2.0" for crying out loud). After just a few minutes of browsing it should be crystal clear why most Nexus 5X owners will forever avoid LG (and dissuade their friends/family from choosing LG as well). BFRC As you might know, there is a very large gap between individual 5X devices. I have used the Nexus 5, and currently running the 5X, and both of these devices have worked flawlessly over the last few years. My gf has my N5 and is still using it, also satisfied with its performance. Because of it, there is a large split in confidence with LG for newer devices; I would still consider getting a new LG phone if I wouldn't be aware of the mass issues, whereas many others would definitely stay away from anything they'd produce. Jerzy Michał Pawlak My Nexus 5X bootlooped 13 months after purchase... so what? LG fixed it quickly and without fuss (we have 2 years manufacturer's warranty here) and the phone works great again. Problems can happen with every manufacturer (my old Samsung Note 2 bootlooped 4 months after purchase, due to faulty RAM) and LG has shown good quality of service in this case. Large_Hadron The other posters' experience of the Nexus 5 is relevant because the author of the article cited the 5 as one of the reasons they would avoid a LG-built Pixel. Actually I know several people who are still using Nexus 5s. I've only ever seen a 5X in the wild once. The G6 would be the obvious device to watch if you want information on LG's recent manufacturing, as that will be 6 months old by the time the next Pixels are released (I've not seen reports of it having problems yet, but let's give it a few more months). Ryan We get it, we know. But one phone (after all, the 5x is just a warmed over G4) being a screw-up doesnt negate they had a few years of greatness. Maybe they can get back there if they learn from their mistakes. james fuston Ah yeah, I forgot to mention my G6 is also great. hope that makes my opinion less "obsolete" in your mind. Raz My N5 is still going strong and I use it every day as my spare device. My wife and mother-in-law are using their N5X for more than one year without any issues. Don't discount a manufacturer for some bad phones. Samsung still owns a decent share of the Android market and are one of the few companies that had a device banned on most US flights. Just saying. FoxBJK Subreddits around old phones really don't have much to focus on years after the phone was released. Are 5 and 5x owners supposed to hop over to those subs just to say "My phone's working great, sorry you're all having trouble"? It wouldn't go well. What else are they supposed to talk about that wouldn't apply to other, more general subreddits? It's not a fair assessment to look at those subs, and it's just condescending to say someone's wrong because their phone still works, and they don't know anyone with boot loop issues. I don't know anyone personally suffering from those either, so am I wrong when I say the 5x was a solid device for the price? james fuston Pretty much this. Product-centric subreddits are, in my experience, 90% people who are having a really bad time (outside of the first month of a product launch, where they're all "GOT MY SHIPPING CONFIRMATION!!1!") instinct I was an LG fan after the Nexus 5 and the G2 and G3. I got burned with a G4 (bootloop) but stayed with LG for the G5 for removable battery. It's been a good phone so far, but I am not as big of a fan as I used to be. My brothers 5X and my friends G4's both bootlooped. However, if it's another Nexus 5, I'd probably get it. My favorite phone ever. Nick Coad "Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information." You are lacking current information as well, for example you don't know how many 5Xs were actually affected by the bootloop as a percentage of the overall units sold. I'm not saying the problem is not serious, or even that it is not widespread BUT what I am saying is WE DON'T KNOW how many units had the problem, so any declaration about the prevalence of the issue is based on conjecture, including yours. A subreddit especially is the most ridiculous source to cite for evidence of anything, especially a manufacturing defect, given that only users experiencing the problem are going to be posting. You have no idea how many users are out there using their Nexus 5Xs without issue (like me and a couple of my friends, for example). xyz No, thanks. Reddit is cancer. stirfry Hmmm. LG recently announced 2 year warranties, so it would appear they are standing behind their products. I will definitely be purchasing a LG Pixel 2. My hysterical friends can stuff their dissuasion. rebretz000 I still have my Nexus 5X and I never had any bootloop issues. If the new Pixel XL looks like the LG G6 I will be all over it. Randroid So many of LG's phones bootloop that there's a wikipedia page for "LG smartphone bootloop issues" that contains a list of LG phones that bootloop: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues I will not be buying another LG phone any time soon. ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ...until it boot loops XD VAVAMk_2 Mine still works thomas sim My nexus 5 not affected by infamous bootloop, but another infamous issue of power button failed after one year, replaced it cheap. Replaced battery recently and now in drawer as backup phone. My friend's 5X not so lucky though. Lost confidence on LG already. Ahmad El-Ibrahim It is scary to think LG would be manufacturing. Google really wants​ people to pick up Pixel Protect. Daniel That must be some tasty cereal.... AK Don't worry guys, it'll all be ok. This is not Nexus. This is Pixel. "Made by Google" Pixel. SomeGuy112 True, if LG is just the manufacturer and Google designs and engineers everything, there's hope. DragoCubed Isn't the comment you replied to sarcastic? SomeGuy112 Could be, too hard to tell since the Pixel devices have better build quality than the last two Nexus devices. Midnitte Doesn't matter how well something is engineered if it's put together with duct tape. SomeGuy112 Valid point. Duder12 My Pixel has been solid as fuck. Jealous? AK No, mine has served me well also... silzazsyh i think your post SOUNDED too sarcastic, but it's accurate because the pixels are great AK My bad, wasn't supposed to be. xyz Of all the things to envy other people for, a fucking phone isn't one of them. Get a life. Dirge Pass. Nicholas Matranga I had two Nexus 5xs bootloop. No thanks LG! vineeth pulipati That's a software issue though, not lg's fault caerestapermitido No. Kieron Quinn Ah yes, a software fault that happens regardless of Android version, and happens to many other LG phones too. Seems legit. Randroid Look at reddit.com/r/nexus5x a quick look into a few posts there will tell you that it is NOT software related. People blamed it on Nougat, but mine bootlooped while still on 6.0.1. Also relevant: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Snowsky Mountain Maybe it's so that it can have a bezel-less screen? I think HTC said they weren't able to reduce bezels because they were a smaller OEM, so maybe Google's going with LG because of that. heitor dude, i got a nexus 5 since 2013 and it's still handling things pretty fine. LG does a great job, you're talking shit Gjorgi Lazarovski Do you by chance have a g4, g5, v10, v20 or a 5X? If not your comment makes no sense since bootloop issues were being reported from the g4 onwards. Corbin Davenport Why would I lie about my phone dying? The power button got stuck, and it happened to a ton of people. Just do a search for "nexus 5 power button". https://www.ifixit.com/Answers/View/208337/How+do+I+fix+a+Nexus+5+Power+Button+Issue https://www.reddit.com/r/Nexus5/comments/2rpfuj/nexus_5_broken_power_button_keeps_rebooting/ https://forum.xda-developers.com/google-nexus-5/general/nexus-5-power-button-broken-heres-to-t3049747 https://protyposis.net/blog/replacing-the-nexus-5-power-button/ https://flothesof.github.io/fixing-Nexus5-power-button.html https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/nexus/XwJA0gi4tco Duder12 Whats ridiculous is you are just assuming that LG will have the same level of involvement with the Pixel 2 as they did with the Nexus 5x. The Nexus 5x was a partner device. For all we know LG is nothing but a Foxconn for the Pixel 2 Randroid Problem is that ALL recent devices made by LG are bootlooping, not just the 5X: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Randroid How about the bootloop issues on all of their recent phones? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues D13H4RD2L1V3 Mmmm, fishy cereal SomeGuy112 Google is trading fat bezels for bootloops, would rather have the fat bezels and better build quality from HTC. Rohan J Singh Best news all week .. lg any day over htc. If it's htc then mostly it will be based off u11 type shitty front design. Randroid I'm just gunna leave this here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Rohan J Singh Ofcourse they are going to work on it if they aim to compete with apple which they are Randroid Work on what? The bootloop issue that has been plaguing them for their last 5 releases? Yeah, you go ahead and be part of their test group. Let me know when your device bootloops. Rohan J Singh If i do buy this i will reply to you here, Bookmarked ! Orion Exactly! cadtek91 I dunno what the big deal is. LG and HTC are just manufacturers, like Foxconn is to Apple. Google has final say on design, schematics, layouts, testing, BOMs, components. SomeGuy112 Let's hope that's the case this year, the OG Pixel looks surprisingly simlar to other HTC designs, rumor was HTC gave Google a HTC phone template to base the original Pixel off of because they needed something fast due to a deal gone bad with Huawei, of course that's just a rumor though This year they had lots of time, so hopefully the design is somewhat more unique. Luxferro Don't forget the 6P's battery shutdown issues too. cadtek91 Yeah, that's Hauwei's fault though, not LG's. Patriciaahenry Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dg155c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dg155c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs445DirectGroupsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dg155c:....,.... Chris Thurber Why did you only work 90 hours in the last four weeks if you're making that much per hour? Why not work a normal 80 hour work week?? You'd be a millionaire? Hmm?? HMM??? Luxferro Re-read your initial comment, and tell me why your comment applies to the nexus 5, 5X, but not 6P. demarcmj The point of his original comment was that there is (or should be) a difference between Nexus devices and Pixel devices W.R.T. the role of the manufacturer. Meaning that the problems experienced on Nexus phones need not necessarily deter customers from a Pixel because in this case (theoretically) the phone is being designed by Google and the manufacturer is just building to print. VAVAMk_2 Crap batteries from Huawei. Can confirm. Once replaced they run fine. Luxferro I think part of the issue is Google and could be software too. The phone communicates with the battery over I2C bus. If the phone is at 30% battery, and all of a sudden it powers off and won't turn back on until you connect to a charger for a split second while you press the power button. Then it boots back up with 30% then why did it turn off? Did the cells go into some protection mode? Did the battery say we're running low and tell android to power off? Did the phone mis-interpret I2C communication and think it needs to turn off. I'm sure google could narrow down the problem if they actually looked at it - just monitor the I2C traffic to and from the battery. It's their phone... they sold and marketed it. Nope.jpeg I guess they all have pretty back customer support, so that doesn't matter, either. Large_Hadron The original Pixels had a lot more HTC design in them than Google's marketing would like you to think. I don't think it's a secret that they were a bit of a rush job (though they've overall held up pretty well despite that). Of course they shouldn't be a rush this time, so probably "designed by Google" will be more accurate this time. But I can still understand reservations if people have reason to distrust a particular manufacturer. Randroid Here's a list of LG phones that bootloop (Including the 5x): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The problem is with something at LG and the way they manufacturer their devices. They all bootloop. (All recent models at least) xyz Anything they can do to avoid blaming their precious Google. If the phone has the Google logo on it, then any problems with it are Google's fault. James Briano I'm going to have another look at that "Essential" phone Luxferro I think I'm buying that too. I have mine reserved. Time to try something new than a Google phone. Bombaglad the only thing bugging me about that phone is the absence of amoled wjrandon I never had a problem with my Nexus 5. Frankly I welcome LG over HTC. Considering the publicity of their past hardware problems I'm sure LG's engineers would make sure not to repeat any past mistakes. Bring on that massive 6 inch display. My body is ready! phineasjw I've always bought a new Android phone every two years, however similar to desktops, we've reached mobile CPU performance saturation. I've got a Nexus 6P and really feel no need to upgrade to a new $750 phone with only slightly better performance when the 6P is still blazing along. We'll see what the next Pixel iteration brings.. needa Buy a battery or two now, while you can still get OEM quality. You can thank me later. DragoCubed I'm still using my S4 :P WitnessG This kills the hype. Its hard to trust LG with their flaky past of bad quality. Luxferro The Nexus 6P has similar issues with it's battery... Henry Park That doesn't excuse LG in anyway shape or form, especially since G4 G5 V10 V20 all had similar boot looping problems. Manny Fleurmond V20? I own a V20 and have no problems Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues George famous last words... VAVAMk_2 Huawei used crappy quality batteries that degrade after a year. Replace the battery and it runs great again. I did. Roy But here Google design the phone, so it's different. JSo My Nexus 5X died on me. But my Nexus 5 still runs good. Go figure. I loved both phones though. Curtis Bond I'd sure as hell take LG over HTC. michael interbartolo Lg stepped up and fixed my wife's 5x at 13 months (though did take about 6 weeks) and my 5x at 18 months (turn around was a mere week) so hopefully they learned from their mistakes. portalpirate Poor HTC. Aaron Makes me wonder if the Pixel supply problem wasn't due to production issues at HTC. virk With a dead Nexus 5 and 5X lying around, I'm done with LG. Max If it looks somewhat similar to the G6 shape, keeps the Pixel smoothness and they don't make the mistake of making it larger than a S8+ then they'll have my money for sure! Dan Franchini An LG G6 with an SD 835 and pure Android. Sign me up. Bombaglad they'd need to revive old motorola for that (not the nonsense "moto" they've become under lenovo) Max Johnson I'm not concerned, doesn't seem to be a problem with the G5 and going forward. Bombaglad yeah, the g5 sucked, but didn't bootloop.... OR DID IT?! Christopher Bement Biased much? My N4 and G6 have been flawless, but like you, that's my experience. tim242 For fuck's sake. There is a class actin lawsuit over the issue. Duder12 Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. Randroid Problem is, Google will only perform the replacement if you bought the phone from the Google Store or from Project Fi. If you purchased it anywhere else, you have to go through LG. Luckily I purchased mine from Fi, so when mine bootlooped I got a replacement relatively quickly. destinyhud i know u think u r trying to over smart others but u need to stop. there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid I was referencing the current state of things with the 5x. The comment that I was replying to was talking about Google doing well with the 5x replacements, my comment was specifically about 5x replacements, and is 100% true in that context. Google HAS done a great job with replacements, but LG has NOT. The fact that Google is good at replacing LG's crappy phones is NOT a reason for me to buy a phone that is made by a company that is known for its shoddy hardware. Go ahead and buy more LG stuff. Have fun when it bootloops like the rest of them. destinyhud u r trying to troll with ur comments. u replied to this "Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. " I think u need to get a life. we all know it bootloops but what u r doing is childishly silly Randroid How is that trolling? I'm pointing out facts. Google is good about providing replacements for LG's screw-up; LG is not good at it. "we all know it bootloops" - no, if you read the comments on this page, not everyone knows it bootloops. destinyhud pointing out on every posts?? thats exactly why i said u r trolling with ur childishly silly troll post Ryan Cottrell Weren't all the rumors a year ago saying HTC signed a 2 year, 3 phone contract? Also, maybe they'll have LG make one with a bigger screen, a la G6 since it will minimize component costs, and HTC will make a normal, upgrade from current, Pixel. Si vis pacem, para bellum Given that LG makes the second best smartphone of 2017 so far after the S8, this is good news. Up until now I have never been able to buy any Nexus/Pixel smartphone or tablet in part because most of them weren't even sold here in Western Europe and in part because most of the time there always was some deal breaking spec (especially battery and storage related) and/or lack of some important feature, but I hope that can change soon. Until then, Google will continue to be totally irrelevant on the "hardware side" of the market. iKon It can never be the best phone of 2017, with a 2016 processer. Mike Bastable Well someone certainly has a beef with LG. Simply the most stupid article I have ever read here. Biased and ridiculous. Make me think that A.P. is doing on quality control and impartiality. Piss poor. whispy_snippet Mate. Calm down. Mike Bastable Zen here. However some of the recent articles seem like the ranting of Fanboys (usually found in the comments section) instead of researched articles. A.P is becoming less essential as a result, which is a shame. whispy_snippet Someone's ranting anyway. needa They are all becoming less essential. Nowadays it doesn't really matter what phone you buy... it's going to be a good one. At least AP dives into the code and gets their hands a bit dirty. Everyone else is either a corporate sellout like AC, has terrible page load times due to the ads like AA, or just copy pastes press releases and takes the weekend off like DL. Mike Bastable Points well made Sir_Brizz My Nexus 5 remains my favorite phone of all time. I would love to see a new device with similar design language. whispy_snippet Same here. I have a Pixel now but my old N5 still works! c00ller The number of strong, uninformed, and stubborn opinions in this comments section is a sad reminder of the state of society in general whispy_snippet If we see a hodge podge split design approach with the Pixel I'll be very surprised (and disappointed). DragoCubed It was a lazy design. Flint_PS I don't mind. I've had a Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and am currently using a Nexus 5X. Good phones (although not without faults, obviously), and LG warranty support is pretty great where I live. needa I don't know why you would stay away, unless LG is designing the Pixel from the ground up like they did the Nexus devices. LoE Am I the only one in the world with a perfectly working Nexus 5X? And a perfectly working Nexus 4 before that? I would welcome another LG phone. JD You sir have the unicorn. lomsha Some hope for reduced bezels then lol. Oliver Cervera ✔ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ My Nexus 5 is still rocking, Nexus 5X bootlooping :( Lawstorant Aaaaaaand my interest suddenly dropped to 0. Rohan My nexus 4 worked perfectly till I sold it early this year Dmitry Stepanushkin Same, but wife threw it on floor in underground train station, and screen became unusable. Last thing I did erased it remotely, then it bootlooped and I force powered it off and it went to recycle bin. tmartin yes, mine still runs well (for a phone as old as it is, of course). My N5X started boot looping a few months ago and I brought out my N4 for the month it took LG to fix the 5X. Needless to say, at this point I need a finger print sensor, but the N4 worked well and felt so great in my hand compared to the 5X. Rohan I would instantly get one, jsut for looks if they released a nexus Mini or something with upgrades specs and N4 design. I absolutely loved that phone. Jas Kapadia The leaks are coming! "itshappening.gif" Also thumbs up for that header image. Too good. Dmitry Stepanushkin Add "spoiler alert"😀 Duncan Booth My Nexus 5 got unreliable GPS after nearly 2 years, but was replaced under warranty. My Nexus 5X died completely after 18 months but was replaced under warranty. It's great getting a new phone paid for by Google every couple of years, so as long as they're happy to go with LG I won't have any complaints. Dmitry Stepanushkin Unfortunately not everyone able to get replacement. It FeelsBadMan when thing suddenly breaks and bought somewhere on Ebay. I prefer phones without known major defects over being able to maybe get replacement some day. Rob I'm still using my Nexus 5, and still love it. I won't buy another phone until someone makes a decent one with stock Android that's no bigger. Lucas Araujo Great news! If this is true, there is a chance that the new Pixel can be launched here in Brazil since HTC left the country a few years ago. I guess that you had some very bad luck with your Nexus's devices. I had a Nexus 4, 5 and 5x (my current phone). All of them are still working despite the cracked screen (my fault) and the power button not working properly on the N5. Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues TechGuy22 That's why there's a rumor about bezel being slim since HTC can't make good looking devices anymore Chris You kidding? Nexus 5 was absolutely amazing. yann933 Well considering my 5x just died this Friday, I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;) Looks like the Taimen will be getting 2 years of warranty guys!!!! /s Randroid Google only handles replacements if you bought from Google (or Project Fi.) People who bought from LG, their carrier, or any other source have to go through LG and some are waiting months for a replacement. I, on the other hand, did buy from Fi and got a replacement within about a week. destinyhud there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid As with my other comment, this was specifically talking about 5x replacements. NOT Pixel replacements. Still will never buy another LG phone because I don't want to HAVE to replace my phone when it bootloops. destinyhud no S/he was talking about pixel replacement. read again. his old phone died and "I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;)" Randroid has no problem even if it bootloops but u seem to have a problem with it. 4Ui812 I'm not sure it's the hardware that you have to worry about regarding any new Pixel (fixel) phone as much as it is the software. Randroid If it's made by LG, hardware is what you need to be worried about: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues 4Ui812 My first touch screen phone was a LG (can't remember the name of it) I bought (used) on eBay and never had a issue with it. I've also owned a LG DVD burner (still have it) and a tv in the past. I've only had a few experiences with LG products but every experience had been great. Maybe the company isn't so great anymore ? Randroid Yeah, things change. I *loved* LG's flip phones back in the day. I wouldn't buy a phone if it wasn't LG. But then when smart phones came out the quality was always lacking. Now that they've (kinda) caught up in quality as far as performance is concerned, other issues have popped up. I bought the 5X forgetting that it was made by LG. I honestly probably wouldn't have purchased it even back then if I had realized that fact. LG has never been on the top of the list for smart phones. They were alright for a time, but never on the top. PhantomGamers FWIW I got an OG Nexus 5 on release and it's still running pretty strong, my dad is using it now. Only issue is that the battery dies really fast now, might try and swap it out. Dmitry Stepanushkin I using mine as second phone. All good except battery and some lags coz "only" 2GB of RAM. ROB Be careful with swapping the battery... I killed mine... very depressing. It was a great phone. kamiller42 Cute picture. Spread the hate. I wonder if Samsung articles will be accompanied with images of roasted and burnt marshmallows. Naaaahh. someone755 No because that didn't happen on a mass scale and saw Samsung release a hardware revision that would get swapped out for consumers free of charge, and then later a software update that would render the devices useless. Samsung publicly acknowledged and apologized for the issue and worked together with people and companies to prevent further damage. LG, on the other hand, refuses to even put out a statement to either confirm or deny that the bug exists, despite having several lawsuits launched against them in recent history. The bugs affect many more people than Samsung's battery issue. Samsung should be praised or at least be given a pass because of the way they handled the situation. LG should be shamed both because it's basically stealing from its customers as well as for the waste their dead phones are generating. kamiller42 Samsung handled the issue. Claimed the issue was limited, claimed a fix which wasn't, and several more burned. I think Samsung did handle as best they could, but don't whitewash the event. Exploding phones is far more serious than boot loops. Yet, don't see AP dogging them. Also, not everyone is experiencing boot loops. someone755 Not everyone experienced a burning battery. My point is, and I think you know that, that Samsung reacted to the problem quickly and did several things about it. It may not have been perfect (it certainly wasn't), but it is commendable. LG's attitude is despicable and appalling. Randroid Samsung had 1 phone with an issue, and they quickly addressed it. LG currently has 5, and they still have yet to even try to address the issue. (I say "currently" because there isn't enough data to make a decision about some of their more recent releases.) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues kamiller42 Too quickly addressed. Huh? Recalled, said it was fixed, and then recalled again. No boot loop ever threatened anyone's life. Am I right? I think the Boot Loops cartoon and burnt marshmallows image are infantile. Randroid No bootloop ever threatened anyone's life? I guess you haven't been in an emergency situation without a cell phone. People whose phone have bootlooped are taking MONTHS to be replaced. A lot can happen when you're without a means of contact for 3 months. And again, they're still not comparable. Samsung quickly recalled the product when they found out about the issues. Yes, they messed up by rushing out a replacement that had a similar issue, but then (again) QUICKLY issued another recall. LG has known about these issues for YEARS and has done nothing to remedy them. kamiller42 Which would you rather have in your pocket, a boot looping phone or an exploding one? Randroid Neither, I'd rather the company take responsibility for the problem (like Samsung did) and return my broken phone. Instead, I've got a phone in my pocket that is waiting to bootloop at any time because they replaced it with the same device instead of giving me a device that has no issues. kamiller42 You're talking about response. I'm talking about the problems. I'll take the looping phone. You can keep the burnt leg. demarcmj "Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X." I'm confused by this line. Has the manufacturer of the "Walleye" been leaked yet? Patrick Smithopolis All the tech sites are pretty sure it's HTC. It was reported last year that HTC has an agreement with Google to manufacture the Pixel phones for two or three years. charlie Jason Hopefully LG is capable of making phones with thin bezels, unlike HTC. destinyhud did u miss the G6??? why hopefully? they can make one matteventu I had all the intentions to change my 128GB Pixel XL for the "Pixel XL 2" (or whatever it will be called, regardless of screen size - if not bigger than 6"), but £800 for some LG crap, no thanks, Google you're not going to see my money. Marcelove "I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacture" Yeah, let's buy chinese-slave-labor-made-phone from Xiaomi, Huawei and others instead... blindexecutioner My slave built OnePlus 3T is probably the best built phone I've ever used. You'd think those other manufacturer's could get it right if they're using higher paid free-living adults. Alex Kruger Before people start freaking out about LG, they fixed the design flaw that was leading to boot looping. They no longer have the battery and processor next to each other, they're in separate sides of the phone (processor is on top and the battery is in the bottom) with a heat pipe in between. They started doing this with the G6, which has not suffered and major boot looping issues, and has sold significantly better that the G5 and (I believe) the V10 and V20. I, and many tech bloggers (including Android Police) have been really impressed with the G6 and how well it's aging. Randroid You mean the G6 that release 2 months ago? Yeah, it's aging well. The average time it takes for a 5X to bootloop is around 13 months, so there is no useful data as to how this device will handle at that point of its lifetime. Ryan I only finally had the bootloop issue but I had the extended warranty. While I am not as happy with my 5x my Nexus 4 was an EXCELLENT phone. I even fired it up and used it for the two days I had to wait for my replacement 5x. So, for me, if LG put as much effort into the Pixel as they did the Nexus 4 I could see it being interesting. But if its like the 5x no way, not for Pixel prices. Patrick Smithopolis My Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and Nexus 5X are all working without issue. tmartin Isn't Google supposed to be designing these from the ground up, with LG just acting as a manufacturing partner?? Or have we all moved past that? blindexecutioner Did people really believe that? The Pixel is very clearly an HTC designed phone. Berni Hargrove But wasn't that just because they were short on time? Mike I Author of this article is loose. LG 5x is not in a lawsuit. I'm staying away from you Corbin. tmartin Is Taimen going to be a tango phone? I'm starting this rumor if its not already out there. _jsw_ Literally came here to post this. I hope so, and, if it is, I'm buying it... assuming I don't buy the Asus Zenphone AR first. Tango isn't quite there yet, but it's so tantalizingly close. tmartin Yeah, I don't know. I was planning on getting the XL and Taimen sounds bigger than I want. But maybe I can be convinced. Then again, if I can't fit the thing in my pocket, kind of a deal breaker. tmartin It does sound like Google is wanting to do more with it. I'm skeptical of the whole VR/AR thing, but it is fun to watch it come together. _jsw_ I've got the Tango Tablet, which still runs but is getting really *really* old now (it's never been upgraded past KitKat!!). Still, I've done some coding on it and used it to build decent 3D models of spaces, but the sensors and CPUs weren't quite what I needed. Add a second actual camera on the other end/bottom for real stereoscopic range finding, and the potential is massive. A legit 3D scanner in your hand is an awesome concept. As far as AR/VR goes, though... I think you also need that second camera so that you can look "through" it when it's in a headset and still get stereoscopic vision. The Samsung Gear VR lets you do AR via a passthough of the camera when you're using it, but it seems too "flat" because of only having one "eye". I realize Google isn't going to have two rear-facing cameras, but... if someone would, that would finally be a useful VR/AR headset-capable device. disastrousrainbow I've owned three LG devices in my life. The G3, Nexus 5X, and G5. Neither one of those phone's ever boot looped for me. I'm not saying it's not a problem (because obviously it is for some) but judged off my experience, comments on here, and even the couple of friends I know that are using LG's, I feel as if the severity of this issue is due to a small minority making big noise about it. Shaun Smith Enter the G6 clone. Ugh Shaun Smith I know it's supposed to be bigger, but just remembering when Google asked Moto for a big phone and we ended up with a giant Moto X named Shamu cellabonez Time for sony to make a Nexus StankyChikin N5, G4, V10, Currently on G6 - Have had them all.. Rest have been handed down and work great still. JOAT I had a Nexus 5x and needed a warranty replacement​. Please no, Google!!! sraj49 Let us not forget that the hardware and software is total responsibility of Google and LG had no day in it. I am surprised that a comment like this coming from the author whom I respect for a good analysis King_Android Essential "The Phone" FTW!!!!!!! Joshua Binyard I don't know of any manufacturer that hasn't had issues with their phones, at one point or another. No I'm getting my next pixel 2 "the biggest one" no matter who makes it. And if it acts up I will trade it in. I hope the phone and the case are released at the same time Roy I think it's great. Let's think about it for a little​. Google wanted LG's OLED and in the same time was looking for a new Factory to build the next Pixel. Maybe LG was like you wont our best displays first in line take us to build the next Pixel. In the meantime HTC can't hel to build the new pixel without big bezels and not enough big battery and if Google ever wanted to bring back the front stereo speakers it's really difficult with HTC. LG roking​ with the G6 with tiny bezels. So with LG'S new OLED they can save more place for compact design big battery and the way Google get great display more likely with HDR and can bring back the stereo speakers:) Everybody wins. blindexecutioner Any manufacturer is better than HTC. I hope Google takes some of LG's design the way they took HTC's dated design as well (Even though they say they were responsible or the design it was clearly HTC inspired just like the Nexus devices have always been). Indianajonze well they made the nexus 5 as well, and that phone was amazing. personally, i welcome any opportunity that allows for the possibility we'll get an lcd screen over oled... Gytole Had the G2,3,4,5 and V20, never had a bootloop. I'm for it. Lisandro what a way to kill a phone even before being manufactured Tech Dude My prior LG phones were great. LG G2 and a coupleof LG G3s still going strong as emergency devices. Now my Nexus 6P.. I'm on my forth. No more devices from Huawei. Morenicano That "Boot Loops" picture tho....... 😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Orion Ummmm no. Never seen any issues with LG. This will be my next phone if the specs come correct. xyz Bollocks. Nexus 5 was the best Google branded phone ever. Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 172 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 33 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 395 1 Year Ago Today Editorial: iOS 10 is Apple’s not-so-secret love letter to Android 2016/06/15 4:50pm PDTJun 15, 2016 52 2 Years Ago Today Google Maps Now Warns You If You Are Navigating To A Place That Will Be Closed When You Arrive 2015/06/15 2:52pm PDTJun 15, 2015 43 3 Years Ago Today PSA: No, The OnePlus One Is Not Waterproof, So Don't Try This At Home 2014/06/15 11:20am PDTJun 15, 2014 2 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Emancy: Borderline War, Shelter, And Beejumbled 2013/06/15 5:49pm PDTJun 15, 2013 21 5 Years Ago Today Zombies, Run! Spices Up Your Running Routine With A Little Undead Uprising 2012/06/15 10:20pm PDTJun 15, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today [Updated] EVO Shift 4G Gingerbread OTA Update Dropping June 17th 2011/06/15 3:41pm PDTJun 15, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today HTC Aria Coming June 20th To AT&T, Initial Hands-On Impressions Surface 2010/06/15 5:50pm PDTJun 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 30 Google adds Play Store support to more Chromebooks from Acer, Dell, ASUS, HP, Lenovo, and Samsung 2017/06/15 11:01am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 173 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 124 queries | 0.412s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Media Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Amazon and Netflix are heading up a new anti-piracy group By Claire Atkinson View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) June 13, 2017 | 10:39am | Updated June 13, 2017 | 11:27am Modal Trigger Getty Images More On: internet piracy Napster founder now wants to destroy online piracy Netflix shows how to win the piracy wars Muzit plans to treat music pirates as fans, not foes Kanye tweet accidentally shows him browsing file-sharing site Pirate Bay Amazon, Netflix and Hulu have signed on to be part of a giant global group to fight online piracy. Google, however, is not on the list. The group, calling themselves the Alliance for Creativity and Entertainment (ACE), includes Hollywood’s big studios and a host of other major international content creators. Just last month, hackers threatened Disney with the early release of “Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Names” unless the firm paid a ransom. And in April, hackers calling themselves “TheDarkOverlord” released most of the fifth season of Netflix’s “Orange Is the New Black” series. Google, which owns YouTube, also runs YouTubeTV, a cable-like service for accessing TV channels online. It’s not clear if Google was invited to join the group, or was approached and declined. Prior efforts by Tinseltown to end piracy targeted Google as part of the problem. The studios’ 2011 legal campaign, Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA), ended up in an all-out war between Silicon Valley’s tech titans and Hollywood over how the internet operates. The SOPA group had wanted tech sites to remove links to sites selling illegal content. The tech firms had argued that such suggestions fundamentally change the nature of the web. This time around, the anti-piracy group is more global in nature and includes two major forces in technology, Amazon and Netflix. There are now 490 online services for TV and film worldwide, according to press statement from the group, but shows can be found on pirate sites within hours and days of a new release. The group calculates that there were an estimated 5.4 billion downloads of pirate movies and shows using peer-to-peer sites. The creative group said it will work with the backing of the Motion Picture Association of America. The MPAA’s Chris Dodd is set to step down this year and hand over the reins to Charles Rivkin in 2018. The members are: Amazon, AMC Networks, BBC Worldwide, Bell Canada, Bell Media, Canal+Group, CBS Corporation, Constantin Film, Foxtel, Grupo Globo, HBO, Hulu, Lionsgate, MGM, Millenium Media, NBCUniversal, Netflix, Paramount Pictures, SF Studios, Sky, Sony Pictures Entertainment, Star India, Studio Babelsberg, STX Entertainment, Telemundo, Televisa, Twentieth Century Fox, Univision Communications, Village Roadshow, The Walt Disney Company and Warner Bros. Entertainment. Netflix general counsel David Hyman said in a statement: “While we’re focused on providing a great consumer experience that ultimately discourages piracy, there are still bad players around the world trying to profit off the hard work of others.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under amazon ,  cyberattacks ,  hollywood ,  internet piracy ,  netflix hacks Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Rolling Stone to pay $1.65M to settle Virginia frat's defa... Read Next Rolling Stone to pay $1.65M to settle Virginia frat's defa... Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 57,564 'Breatharian' couple survives on 'the universe's energy' instead of food 30,868 Father of comatose student freed by North Korea slams Obama 17,246 Alex Jones says he secretly recorded Megyn Kelly interview, posts preview online Now On LA transforms into Gotham City in touching tribute to Adam West Rumer Willis couldn’t stop laughing at Demi Moore’s toothless lisp Alex Jones says he secretly recorded Megyn Kelly interview, posts preview online SEE ALL Video 1:02 Three men make history by marrying each other Now On "I Don’t Mean to Call Your Ass Out, But It’s True": Elizabeth Banks Blasts Steven Spielberg For Sexism SEE ALL More Stories page six Alex Jones says he secretly recorded Megyn Kelly interview, posts preview online Now On Decider 10 Shocking Stories Behind Famous Sex Scenes nypost 'Breatharian' couple survives on 'the universe's energy' instead of food New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Messenger Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Messenger Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Waymo retires its cute self-driving car prototype - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream Events Email News/Apps Text Alerts Day With Dad Contest LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World Events The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport School closings Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Severe Weather Tips Buoy Data Events Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Day With Dad Contest Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV Events See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Waymo retires its cute self-driving car prototype Posted: Tuesday, June 13, 2017 9:55 AM EDT Updated: Tuesday, June 13, 2017 11:56 AM EDT Waymo, the self-driving arm of Google's parent company, announced late Monday, June 12, 2017, that it's retiring its 50 prototype vehicles, dubbed Firefly. Waymo is shifting focus to its growing fleet of 600 Chrysler minivans, which will give rides to... Waymo, the self-driving arm of Google's parent company, announced late Monday, June 12, 2017, that it's retiring its 50 prototype vehicles, dubbed Firefly. Waymo is shifting focus to its growing fleet of 600 Chrysler minivans, which will give rides to... Waymo, the self-driving arm of Google's parent company, announced late Monday, June 12, 2017, that it's retiring its 50 prototype vehicles, dubbed Firefly. Waymo is shifting focus to its growing fleet of 600 Chrysler minivans, which will give rides to... By Matt McFarland WASHINGTON (CNNMoney) -- Being cute only gets you so far as a self-driving car. Waymo, the self-driving arm of Google's parent company, announced late Monday that it's retiring its 50 prototype vehicles, dubbed Firefly. Waymo is shifting focus to its growing fleet of 600 Chrysler minivans, which will give rides to the general public in the Phoenix area. Firefly was unique in that it lacked a steering wheel and pedals. The Google engineers that designed it sought to reimagine the car from the ground up. The cars drove hundreds of thousands miles, and were involved in significant milestones for Google's self-driving car program. In September 2015, Google gave a blind man in Austin the first fully driverless ride on public roads. In a memorable incident a couple months later, a Firefly was pulled over in Austin by a police officer due to its slow speed. No ticket was issued. The resulting image went viral, prompting interest in self-driving vehicles. Firefly, which looks like something out of a Richard Scarry book, was called "cute" and "adorable" in hundreds of news stories. Its pod shape and childlike features made it endearing to many. Google at one point ran a contest to allow artists to have their work displayed on Firefly's doors. Since 2014, hundreds of government officials, journalists and driverless car enthusiasts have ridden in Firefly. The vehicle emits a subtle hum, which sounds like something from science fiction novel. But the public will never get its chance. Google's self-driving car program has shifted toward adulthood. The program was rebranded as Waymo. It has its own CEO, John Krafcik, who brings decades of experience in automobiles. Firefly, which was limited to 25 mph and has no airbags, was no longer practical. Google's embrace of the minivan is an acknowledgment that the self-driving cars of today will still need a steering wheel and pedals. The world isn't quite ready for a wholesale reinvention of the automobile. Waymo will use test drivers in its Phoenix program. They'll sit behind the wheel and monitor the vehicles to take control if needed. Waymo is making sure Firefly goes out in style. Road trips are planned to Phoenix and Austin this summer and fall. After that, a couple Fireflies will be on display at the Computer History Museum in Mountain View. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot June 16, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   Mobile  >   The ultimate guide to mobile technical SEO The ultimate guide to mobile technical SEO Mobile SEO 13 Jun 17 | Harry Olsen Facebook0 Linkedin72 Google+23 Twitter 95 With smartphone users growing year-on-year while desktop users stagnate, it comes as no surprise that Google looks to put mobile at the very core of its search engine algorithm in 2017. Mobile is destined to become the backbone of determining rankings on both the mobile and desktop version of your website – so it’s vital to look at technical SEO from a mobile perspective. What is technical SEO? Technical SEO provides Google and other search engines with the information they are requesting to understand the true purpose of your content. Technical SEO looks at the coding and technical issues which impact search engines, many of which will be mentioned in this blog. What mobile configuration should I be using for my mobile website? There are currently three mobile configurations that Google recognizes: ‘responsive web design’, ‘dynamic serving’ and ‘separate URLs’. However, Google recommends using responsive web design, which is distinguishable from the other two configurations due to the URLs and HTML remaining the same for both mobile and desktop. 1. Responsive web design A responsive web design uses CSS media queries to allow desktop webpages to be viewed in response to the size of the screen, which redesigns the content according to the device. Benefits: Singular URL is better for users and makes content easier to share and to click on Google crawlers and other bots only need to crawl once, which will help in increasing crawl budget and indexing your pages efficiently Redirects are not required to take them to the correct version of the page. This reduces errors that can be made when creating redirects on your site. Weaknesses: If the desktop version goes down, so does the mobile version Can’t be used for feature phones or tablets like the other two. 2. Dynamic serving Dynamic serving uses user agent detection to deliver alternate HTML and CSS according to the user agents that are requesting them. Benefits: Unique experience delivered per device No redirection required. Weakness: User agent redirects are prone to mistakes Bots need to crawl pages with different user agents, which uses up crawl budget and can lead to indexing inefficiency. 3. Separate URLs For every desktop URL on your site there is an equivalent mobile URL with this mobile configuration. This allows you to serve mobile-dedicated content. Much like dynamic serving, user agent detection is used to redirect mobile users landing on the desktop version. Benefits: Mobile-dedicated content Implementation is easy. Weakness: User agent redirects are prone to mistakes Waste of crawl resources. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin72 Google+23 Twitter 95 Related articles How to optimize for Google's featured snippets Progressive Web Apps versus Android Instant Apps: Which is better for marketers? How to reduce the impact of images on your mobile site speed Using Latent Semantic Indexing to boost your SEO strategy 3 focus areas of mobile technical SEO These areas are fundamental for your mobile technical SEO: 1. Website speed How can you improve your website load speed and make your user experience smooth? If you’re not already asking this question, then please do! This is a crucial first stage of a user’s experience of your website – you want it to be epic and flawless! Here are four ways to speed up your pages: Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) Although AMPs are not signal ranking factors and mainly benefit the users, these pages are an area which may become important with mobile-first indexing in 2017. AMP works using coding language AMP HTML which restricts code to increase page loading speed and reliability. This can help load a page in under three seconds if your page is not able to perform that otherwise. If you have a WordPress site it’s very straightforward to implement AMP. Check out this article on how to implement Google AMP on your WordPress site. Simple and minimalistic templates It’s important to remember the No.1 rule when it comes to the design of your website; less is more, so ensure your templates are minimalistic. Additional elements to your template layout such as plugins, widgets and tracking codes all require additional loading time which can start to accumulate and cause excessive page loading times to pages on your site. A normal page loading time is roughly under three seconds. Anything that exceeds this is considered too long, so ensure only necessary elements are on the page template. One easy but effective way to reduce page speed loading time is to ensure Gzip compression and lossless compression is applied to all images. Oversized images can be a big cause of slow page speed loading. No redirect chains Under no circumstances should you ever have redirect chains. These can increase page loading with every additional redirect in the chain. Therefore, it’s fundamental that all redirects are performed in one step instead of multiple steps. In the circumstance of 404 pages you must crawl and export these pages and resolve them using 301 (one step) or ensure you’re using custom user-friendly 404 pages which humors the user and guarantees they can continue their journey on your website instead of bouncing from your site. Browser caching Every time a browser is opened to your website it must download the web files to display your page correctly – which includes HTML, CSS and JS. Browser cache begins to accumulate website resources automatically (local computer) upon the users’ first time on your web page. This allows the browser to recall the first website version cached, which allows the site to be loaded quicker on your return to a particular page of your site – greatly benefiting your returning visitors to your website. Making use of browser caching is very simple and can be done by editing your HTTP header to set expiry times for files. With most file types, you can choose how frequently they need to be updated. 2. Site architecture The site structure is another very important element of mobile technical SEO – mobile users want to be able to navigate to the pages with ease and within less than three clicks. Here are some simple ways to make sure all pages are easily accessible and still relevant. Following the breadcrumbs Breadcrumbs present a clear website hierarchy and indicate where the user currently is, which will help reduce the number of clicks/actions required to get to previous pages or different sections. Breadcrumbs should be used as secondary navigation in addition to your primary navigation. Breadcrumbs should be used by large sites and ecommerce sites where hierarchy and site structure may become very complex and confusing for users and bots. Juicing internal links Silo content helps search engine crawlers to correctly interpret your website and help increase keyword rankings for that page. Internal links within the content make it easier for users to find content targeting keyword relevant terms. This will improve the visibility of your older articles that are topically related to the newly published ones. In addition, utilizing internal category links will help users flow between your related topic resources on your site and discover other related topics. 3. Structured data mark-up Structured data helps inform Google as to how to interpret the type of resource the page is by looking at the content and on-page optimization. Rich snippets provide additional structured data markup to provide extra information of what your site entails in SERPs. This allows users to determine if the page is worth clicking through to. Rich snippets provide opportunities to provide extra information such star rating and number of reviews. Google has two tools for structured data markup – one for help with implementing structured data mark-up and the other for testing the structured data mark-up. For more help getting started, check out our beginner’s guide to Schema.org markup. Summary As you can see, this is a very extensive topic and I’ve focused on the areas that I expect technical SEO to place most importance on. There won’t be a particular change in current technical SEO tasks performed but it’s clear that if mobile is at the forefront of search engine algorithm updates in future then we should expect to see a change in priority of ranking signal factors. When it comes to choosing your mobile configuration, it will come down to your budget and where your audience is viewing you. If you’re looking for simple and non-expensive, then having a responsive website design is the solution. However, if you’ve got a little more to spend and want to ensure your audience have a great experience of your website, then the other mobile configurations are good options as well. It’s also worth considering how you’re currently being viewed by your audience. Are they more desktop/laptop based? If so, then responsive web design is the best solution as they will have no issues with understanding the mobile layout. If they are split, or mobile views are higher, you might be better off with the other options as the user may want to obtain information quickly. If you have any technical SEO questions, feel free to comment below. Harry Olsen is a search and data executive at Zazzle Media. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading Accelerated Mobile Pages vs Facebook Instant Articles: Is Google winning the mobile war? Google's Accelerated Mobile Pages and Facebook's Instant Articles are both lightning-fast takes on the mobile web. But Google unveiled some stats at its I/O developer conference which indicate Google might be winning the war. Events Mobile 07 Jun 17 | Andy Favell How to optimize your mobile site speed: Testing for issues The size of webpages sent to mobile phones has quadrupled in just five years, causing a major problem for webmasters and SEOs who want to optimize for mobile. This column will explore the source of delays in mobile page speed, and how to test webpages for problems. Mobile 02 Jun 17 | Andy Favell Voice search: A digital space race Voice search has been identified by the world’s leading technology providers as a huge opportunity to acquire market share over the next decade. It currently lacks mainstream adoption - but all that could change before long. So who is in the lead for the voice search "space race"? Industry Mobile 01 Jun 17 | Malena Finguerut Optimizing for voice assistants: Why actions speak louder than words The voice assistants of today are closer than ever to the sci-fi ideal of the all-knowing computer that we've been dreaming about for decades. But the way that users are interacting with them isn't just with voice search - it's with voice commands. How are these different, and what can you do to optimize for them? Mobile SEO 29 May 17 | Pete Campbell Tags mobile responsive | mobile SEO | mobile-first index | technical seo Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL chris.williams@contentive.com sam.lawson@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/06/13/the-ultimate-guide-to-mobile-technical-seo/ Send × Want to stay on top of mobile marketing trends? Get top insights and news from our mobile marketing experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
News    Anki Overdrive: Fast & Furious Edition gets new gameplay trailerTrailer released for SEGA’s Sonic ForcesSeagate announces huge storage solution for XboxYakuza Kiwami and Yakuza 6: The Song of Life get new E3 trailersXenoblade Chronicles 2 gets an extended gameplay video from Nintendo TreehouseLawbreakers launches on August 8 for PS4 and PCVIEW ALL Reviews    Astro Duel Deluxe ReviewTekken 7 ReviewGuardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series – Episode 2: Under Pressure ReviewARMS ReviewThe Town of Light ReviewMXGP3 ReviewVIEW ALL Features    The Swords of Ditto combines Zelda, roguelikes, and generations of contentKnack 2 is best with a friendGran Turismo Sport in VR purrs like a kittenMatterfall gives players control of the world around themOutreach launches the first-person floater genreMilanoir is an homage to 1970s action cinemaVIEW ALL Videos    Watch us unbox the Persona 5 Take Your Heart EditionWatch: Senior Level Designer Tomasz Pruski talks Sniper Ghost Warrior 3 locations, mechanics, and designLet’s Unbox NieR: Automata Black Box EditionLet’s Play: Super Bomberman RNintendo Switch Unboxed… by usWhat’s the Nintendo Switch UI like, then?VIEW ALL Guides    10 tips to get the most out of Portal KnightsEight tips to make you a sniping machine in Sniper Ghost Warrior 3Seven tips to help you in Yooka-LayleeSeven tips for mastering the multiplayer in Mass Effect: AndromedaSeven tips to help you become a great Pathfinder in Mass Effect: AndromedaSix tips to help you become a Master Builder in LEGO WorldsVIEW ALL Previews    The Swords of Ditto combines Zelda, roguelikes, and generations of contentKnack 2 is best with a friendGran Turismo Sport in VR purrs like a kittenMatterfall gives players control of the world around themOutreach launches the first-person floater genreMilanoir is an homage to 1970s action cinemaVIEW ALL Support GodisaGeek on Patreon   SECTIONS News    Anki Overdrive: Fast & Furious Edition gets new gameplay trailerTrailer released for SEGA’s Sonic ForcesSeagate announces huge storage solution for XboxYakuza Kiwami and Yakuza 6: The Song of Life get new E3 trailersXenoblade Chronicles 2 gets an extended gameplay video from Nintendo TreehouseLawbreakers launches on August 8 for PS4 and PCVIEW ALL Reviews    Astro Duel Deluxe ReviewTekken 7 ReviewGuardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series – Episode 2: Under Pressure ReviewARMS ReviewThe Town of Light ReviewMXGP3 ReviewVIEW ALL Features    The Swords of Ditto combines Zelda, roguelikes, and generations of contentKnack 2 is best with a friendGran Turismo Sport in VR purrs like a kittenMatterfall gives players control of the world around themOutreach launches the first-person floater genreMilanoir is an homage to 1970s action cinemaVIEW ALL Videos    Watch us unbox the Persona 5 Take Your Heart EditionWatch: Senior Level Designer Tomasz Pruski talks Sniper Ghost Warrior 3 locations, mechanics, and designLet’s Unbox NieR: Automata Black Box EditionLet’s Play: Super Bomberman RNintendo Switch Unboxed… by usWhat’s the Nintendo Switch UI like, then?VIEW ALL Guides    10 tips to get the most out of Portal KnightsEight tips to make you a sniping machine in Sniper Ghost Warrior 3Seven tips to help you in Yooka-LayleeSeven tips for mastering the multiplayer in Mass Effect: AndromedaSeven tips to help you become a great Pathfinder in Mass Effect: AndromedaSix tips to help you become a Master Builder in LEGO WorldsVIEW ALL Previews    The Swords of Ditto combines Zelda, roguelikes, and generations of contentKnack 2 is best with a friendGran Turismo Sport in VR purrs like a kittenMatterfall gives players control of the world around themOutreach launches the first-person floater genreMilanoir is an homage to 1970s action cinemaVIEW ALL Support GodisaGeek on Patreon     REGISTER @   LOGIN INFO Support us on Patreon Advertise Our Team Game of the Month Where do you keep your Ketchup? Contact INFO INFO Support us on Patreon Advertise Our Team Game of the Month Where do you keep your Ketchup? Contact Newsletter SUBSCRIBE   previous Online Games Review: The Best Bingo Games    random   next Guide To Live Online Casinos  Lose Yourself Virtually by Team on June 12, 2017   2006 was the year that Google Earth first came to our computer screens and since then over 2 billion people have downloaded it to their devices, and now the company has brought the whole experience of Google Earth to VR which made its debut on the HTC Vive. Most of us have enjoy Google Earth at one time or another with its high resolution satellite imagery to check out holiday destinations, just imagine what it would be like if we were to do that using Virtual Reality? So how does VR actually work? How is it that you can wear your tech and it makes you think you are standing on the other side of the world or playing at a high-end casino like Schmittscasino.com as VR has taken off big time in the gambling industry too, many online casinos are entering the marketplace with VR offerings. In fact the possibilities of VR are only just being realised, and there are numerous virtual reality headsets available to buy. What’s on Offer? Both the Oculus Rift and the HTC Vive are PC based whereas Samsung and Google offer smartphone based headsets which are more affordable. Ok then, once you have your power source and your headset sorted you need some type of input for you to connect and this can be done through controllers, head tracking, hand tracking, on device buttons or trackpads or voice. The concept of virtual reality is to lose oneself, be totally immersed in either the game or an app like a VR casino so that it becomes the real world for a time. This would mean you would be able to enter the casino, view its plush surroundings, listen to the music and take part in your chosen casino game. The aim is to forget the pc, headgear and any other accessories completely. What the hardware does is create a 3D virtual environment so there are no boundaries like those on a television or a computer screen, no matter where you look the screen that is mounted on your face goes with you. The way this is done is that a video is sent from your console or computer via a HDMI cable to your headset (applies to the HTC Vive and also the Oculus Rift). The Samsung Gear VR and Google’s Daydream headset has it already slotted into the headset (the actual smartphone.) There are either two LCD displays, one for each eye, or two feeds sent to one display and lenses which are between your eyes and the pixels, and in some instances these ‘goggles’ can be adjusted to suit each individual user. The lenses are there to reshape and focus the picture for each eye, and in doing so a stereoscopic 3D image is created with most high-end headsets having a 100 degree or 110 degree field of view, any wider would prove to be too expensive and it’s not really necessary. There also has to be a minimum frame rate of about 60 frames per second. This is to make sure that there is no hiccuping or stuttering which could make users feel nauseous. Lucily what headsets are available go far beyond this, and that means that we can enjoy our virtual casino, sporting event or  world seamlessly. scrolling="no" frameborder="0" style="border:none; overflow:hidden; width:80px; height:62px;" allowTransparency="true"> News Team Newly Added Anki Overdrive: Fast & Furious Edition gets new gameplay trailer   Trailer released for SEGA’s Sonic Forces  The Swords of Ditto combines Zelda, roguelikes, and generations of content  Knack 2 is best with a friend  Gran Turismo Sport in VR purrs like a kitten  Latest Reviews Astro Duel Deluxe Review 7.0   Tekken 7 Review  Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series – Episode 2: Under Pressure Review  ARMS Review  The Town of Light Review  Random Video Latest PODCAST Podcast: E3 2017 Nintendo Spotlight Impressions (14/06/17) Full Story   Anki Overdrive: Fast & Furious Edition gets new gameplay trailer by Mikhail Madnanion June 15, 2017 What a thrill Trailer released for SEGA’s Sonic Forces by Nicola Ardronon June 15, 2017 Ivo an idea The Swords of Ditto combines Zelda, roguelikes, and generations of content by John Vanderhoefon June 15, 2017 A world that spans generations Knack 2 is best with a friend by John Vanderhoefon June 15, 2017 Doesn’t have the knack for an exciting singleplayer mode Gran Turismo Sport in VR purrs like a kitten by John Vanderhoefon June 15, 2017 Of course, having the full cockpit helps Matterfall gives players control of the world around them by John Vanderhoefon June 15, 2017 And a gun. They get a gun, too Outreach launches the first-person floater genre by John Vanderhoefon June 15, 2017 Defying gravity Redeemer is an old school brawler that brings the violence by John Vanderhoefon June 15, 2017 Streets of gore Milanoir is an homage to 1970s action cinema by John Vanderhoefon June 15, 2017 Bullit 1234567 1234567 Reviews Latest Reviews PC PS4 Wii U Xbox One Community Facebook Podcast RSS Twitter YouTube Video Shows Blindfold Gaming Debatable Family Gamer For Your Amusement NewsRound Reasons to be Cheerful Score Attack The Retrocast All content copyright GodisaGeek.com Fonts by Google Fonts. GJ WP!
Anonymous Tip Off Advertise Contact About Support MediaNama   MOBILE ECOMMERCE PAYMENTS POLICY FUNDING MORE REPORTS Menu Carriage Telecom Broadband DTH IPTV MVNO Mobile TV WiMax TV Content Media Apps Books Films Gaming Indic Languages Music Sports Video Services E-Commerce Digital Payments Classifieds Advertising Education Travel Health Location Based Services Matrimony Search Social Media News Earnings Industry Moves Interviews Guest Posts Charts Research & Numbers Policy & Legal Policy E-Governance Legal Net Neutrality Surveillance Hot News Privacy Web Censorship Investments Investments Mergers & Acquisitions IPO Joint Ventures Startups Daily Newsletter Sponsored All #NAMAcloud: Securing Online Data, 23rd June, Bangalore – #ad Discover the modern mechanics of marketing at the 13th Marketing Conclave organized by IAMAI – #Ad Introducing our Digital Payments in India Report: Demonetization Edition – #Ad Why the Indian startup scenario needs an event like STARup 2017 – #Ad Take your venture to the next level with Conquest 2017! – #Ad More in Mobile Funding Roundup: Goodera, Boxx.ai, Fincash, VanityCask and more Foodpanda launches third party delivery service for restaurants GOQii top wearables vendor in India with 20.8% market share: IDC Q1 2017 Global SIM providers to pay ₹5000 penalty to users for poor service: TRAI Damon Xi promoted to head UCWeb in India and Indonesia Digital Jobs Cashgate Scandal Malawi – Analog Design Engineer – CMOS/VLSI Business Development/ Sales Intern Business Development Executive- Inside Sales Hiring Marketing Manager & Executive in Pune Journalist Comments sketharaman: "air conditioned SUV" or "bus"? sketharaman: Great article. Explains the revenue model of OlaShare and UberPOOL... Souvik Jana: That will be correct as the fare don't start from... Ramachandran Nambissan Tm: My biometric tests using fingerprints failed when trying to link... Ankit Suhane: AirBnB is having many good things to experience now a... Riddhi Mukherjee: This is Sun TV's number: 044 - 4467 6767 Headlines Flipkart receives approval for eBay India acquisition The SEC in the US is scrutinising Initial Coin Offerings: report Funding Roundup: Goodera, Boxx.ai, Fincash, VanityCask and more Foodpanda launches third party delivery service for restaurants GOQii top wearables vendor in India with 20.8% market share: IDC Q1 2017 Delhi rape victim sues Uber for mishandling her medical records Global SIM providers to pay ₹5000 penalty to users for poor service: TRAI Damon Xi promoted to head UCWeb in India and Indonesia Uber India appoints Jaiteerth Patwari as senior engineering leader Amagi partners Sun TV for targeted advertising on its HD channels Interviews All In a competitive telecom market, how India's first MVNO Aerovoyce plans to create its own space Regulation will come in when carpooling gets popular in India - Raghav Gupta, BlaBlaCar Paytm has more offline merchant transactions than online: CEO Vijay Shekhar Sharma Initially only utility bills can be paid through the BBPS; pilot in mid June, says AP Hota, MD and CEO of NPCI Wallets aren't on UPI because banks needed time to catch up - NPCI MD & CEO AP Hota Related #Daydream View #Devices #Google #Internet #Mobile #virtual reality Related Google’s new hardware pushes for VR, interactivity and 4K video Google adds VR tours of Sanskriti Museum, Nalanda University to Arts and Culture app and site Xiaomi launches controller enabled Mi VR for $29 MWC 2016 roundup: IoT devices, Smartphones, VR & more MWC 2017 roundup: smartphones, wearables, VR & more Xiaomi starts selling its first generation VR headsets in India Home » Daydream View, Devices, Google, Internet, Mobile, virtual reality Google’s VR headset ‘DayDream View’ launches in India at ₹6,499 By Salman SH ( @Sallu_SH ) on June 13, 2017 June 13, 2017 by Salman SH 03 Google’s portable Virtual Reality (VR) headset DayDream View, which was unveiled along with Pixel smartphone last year, is now available in India for Rs 6,499 on e-commerce sites including Flipkart and Amazon. The headset is bundled with a hand-held controller to help users interact with virtual characters and objects using inbuilt smart movement sensors along with volume control buttons. DayDream View works using smartphone displays; it processes display output from smartphone within its hardware and converts into VR output, which can be viewed via the headset’s lenses. The headset is a significant upgrade to the cheaper Google Cardboard headset, which is built using a cardboard box as housing. Google Cardboard’s VR hardware is detachable and can be attached to other ‘viewers’. This makes it more developer friendly and hence can be considered as a prototype. However, with Daydream View, Google claims to provide a higher-resolution display and motion sensors, which aren’t available on Cardboard. “The headset is made with soft, breathable fabric and is designed to fit over eyeglasses,” the company added. And along with the controller, users can perform gestures, actions like swinging a bat, waving a wand or even drawing in a virtual space.  As of now, DayDream View is available only Google’s Pixel and Pixel XL, Moto Z, Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+, and ASUS ZenFone AR in India As of now, DayDream View is available only Google’s Pixel and Pixel XL, Moto Z, Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+, and ASUS ZenFone AR in India Advertisement Features, integrations, and applications of DayDream View The Cardboard headset, which has moved away from months of prototyping and testing, has now evolved into DayDream, which is essentially a new VR platform with the following features: Video: Users can watch the entire library of YouTube videos on a virtual big screen, and experience custom VR videos from creators . Google’s YouTube VR was Daydream’s number one app by time spent, and around 50% of the time in Daydream was spent on video consumption as of Q1-FY17. Play Store support: Google had launched Play Store on new Google platforms including Daydream and Chromebooks early this year in January. It also has support for Play Movies and Netflix, with which users can watch shows and films on a computer-generated VR screen. Street View: Google says that with Street View users can watch “curated tours of over 150 Locations like the Pyramids and the Taj Mahal, fly over a city, stand at the top of the highest peaks, and even soar into space.” Basically, this is like teleporting to any location on a VR map. VR games: Google has added a number of VR based games on DayDream which include titles like Arcslinger, Wonderglade, Mekorama VR, Gunjack 2: End of Shift, Need for SpeedNo Limits VR, LEGO BrickHeadz Builder VR among others. DayDream SDK: Virtual Reality is still at a nascent stage, and most headsets are costly and bulky. But Google has priced it a lower rate comparatively, allowing not only users but developers to try and test new apps and functionalities using DayDream SDK. Competition DayDream View is one of the few VR headsets available in India alongside Xiaomi’s Mi VR headset which was priced at just Rs 999. Mi VR was launched in December last year and received an upgrade in April, but is yet to be launched in India. The Daydream platform is also synonymous to Microsoft’s Holo Lens (Augmented Reality) powered by Windows 10, and the Oculus platform which has Rift VR headset powered by PC’s and Xbox’s and Gear VR headset powered by smartphones. 03 Related #Daydream View #Devices #Google #Internet #Mobile #virtual reality Related Google’s new hardware pushes for VR, interactivity and 4K video Google adds VR tours of Sanskriti Museum, Nalanda University to Arts and Culture app and site Xiaomi launches controller enabled Mi VR for $29 MWC 2016 roundup: IoT devices, Smartphones, VR & more MWC 2017 roundup: smartphones, wearables, VR & more Xiaomi starts selling its first generation VR headsets in India < Previous Next > Times Bridge appoints Thane Richard as head of content strategy Jaguar Land Rover invests $25 million in Lyft Daily Newsletter Sponsored All #NAMAcloud: Securing Online Data, 23rd June, Bangalore – #ad Discover the modern mechanics of marketing at the 13th Marketing Conclave organized by IAMAI – #Ad Introducing our Digital Payments in India Report: Demonetization Edition – #Ad Why the Indian startup scenario needs an event like STARup 2017 – #Ad Take your venture to the next level with Conquest 2017! – #Ad More in Mobile Funding Roundup: Goodera, Boxx.ai, Fincash, VanityCask and more Foodpanda launches third party delivery service for restaurants GOQii top wearables vendor in India with 20.8% market share: IDC Q1 2017 Global SIM providers to pay ₹5000 penalty to users for poor service: TRAI Damon Xi promoted to head UCWeb in India and Indonesia Digital Jobs Cashgate Scandal Malawi – Analog Design Engineer – CMOS/VLSI Business Development/ Sales Intern Business Development Executive- Inside Sales Hiring Marketing Manager & Executive in Pune Journalist Comments sketharaman: "air conditioned SUV" or "bus"? sketharaman: Great article. Explains the revenue model of OlaShare and UberPOOL... Souvik Jana: That will be correct as the fare don't start from... Ramachandran Nambissan Tm: My biometric tests using fingerprints failed when trying to link... Ankit Suhane: AirBnB is having many good things to experience now a... Riddhi Mukherjee: This is Sun TV's number: 044 - 4467 6767 Headlines Flipkart receives approval for eBay India acquisition The SEC in the US is scrutinising Initial Coin Offerings: report Funding Roundup: Goodera, Boxx.ai, Fincash, VanityCask and more Foodpanda launches third party delivery service for restaurants GOQii top wearables vendor in India with 20.8% market share: IDC Q1 2017 Delhi rape victim sues Uber for mishandling her medical records Global SIM providers to pay ₹5000 penalty to users for poor service: TRAI Damon Xi promoted to head UCWeb in India and Indonesia Uber India appoints Jaiteerth Patwari as senior engineering leader Amagi partners Sun TV for targeted advertising on its HD channels Interviews All In a competitive telecom market, how India's first MVNO Aerovoyce plans to create its own space Regulation will come in when carpooling gets popular in India - Raghav Gupta, BlaBlaCar Paytm has more offline merchant transactions than online: CEO Vijay Shekhar Sharma Initially only utility bills can be paid through the BBPS; pilot in mid June, says AP Hota, MD and CEO of NPCI Wallets aren't on UPI because banks needed time to catch up - NPCI MD & CEO AP Hota Related #Daydream View #Devices #Google #Internet #Mobile #virtual reality Related Google’s new hardware pushes for VR, interactivity and 4K video Google adds VR tours of Sanskriti Museum, Nalanda University to Arts and Culture app and site Xiaomi launches controller enabled Mi VR for $29 MWC 2016 roundup: IoT devices, Smartphones, VR & more MWC 2017 roundup: smartphones, wearables, VR & more Xiaomi starts selling its first generation VR headsets in India QUICK LINKS Home Jobs CATEGORIES Internet Mobile Policy Apps Marketing Telecom SEGMENTS Interviews Views charts financials CONNECT Contact Us Advertise Anonymous Tip Off Subscribe INFORMATION About Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Careers © 2008-2014 Mixed Bag Media Pvt. Ltd. Designed and developed by Solomo Media .
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Science Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Google Pixel XL successor codenamed 'taimen'; 'muskie' shelved Google is reportedly going to shelve its device codenamed muskie and make Pixel XL successor codenamed 'taimen' instead. Raymond Ronamai   June 13, 2017 18:36 IST Google Pixel an Pixel XL as seen on Google StoreGoogle Store Google released its premium devices – the Pixel and Pixel XL – in October last year, and it appears like the search giant has started preparing for the release of its new device, as more details have started leaking over the last few weeks. It has now emerged that the Google Pixel XL successor aka Pixel XL 2 is codenamed 'taimen'. The search giant is expected to release its new flagship in the fourth quarter of this year, perhaps in October as the Pixel and Pixel XL will complete a year cycle in the market by then. Google shelved its Nexus-series, which was known for its aggressive pricing, and entered the "premium" category with its Pixel devices. Also read: Google Pixel XL vs Sony Xperia XZ Premium vs Samsung Galaxy S8: Which device should you buy? A dig into the Android Issue Tracker has unearthed enough hints that South Korean technology company LG is making the Pixel XL successor codenamed 'taimen', according to a report by 9to5Google. It reported that an LG employee pointed out a "USB PD Compliance Failure" in a bug entry from March. Then a Googler claimed the said bug has been closed and has moved on to: Android > Partner > External > LGE > Taimen > power It indicated that LG is making Google's Pixel XL successor codenamed 'taimen.' Google Pixel XL as seen on Google StoreGoogle Store Interestingly, Android Police has reported that Google has stopped development on muskie, contradicting earlier reports that the successors of the Pixel and Pixel XL could be codenamed "walleye" and "muskie."  There is no word on the specifications of the Pixel and Pixel XL as yet. It may be noted that Google released Pixel XL along with the smaller screen Pixel last year. The 32GB ROM variant comes with a price tag of Rs. 54,000 and the 128 GB model at Rs. 63,000 (current price). It features a 5.5-inch AMOLED capacitive touchscreen with 1,440x2,560 pixels (534 ppi pixel density), a Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor, an Android 7.1 Nougat operating system, and a 3,450mAh battery with fast charging technology. The device also mounts a 12MP main camera with f/2.0 aperture, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash, 1/2.3" sensor size and 1.55µm pixel size, and an 8MP front-snapper with f/2.0 aperture, 1/3.2" sensor size and 1.4 µm pixel size. Related Will you buy an iPhone 8 or Pixel XL 2? You have a tough choice to make Major specs leak suggests Google Pixel XL 2 will be worth the wait Android O Developer Preview 3 hits Google Nexus and Pixel phones: Download links Post Comment IBT TV Close Students explain support for Jeremy Corbyn's Labour Why advertise with us? Latest News OnePlus 5 teasers reveal key features ahead of OnePlus 3 heir launch 29 minutes ago By Rohit KVN Xiaomi Redmi 4A pre-orders kicking off on Friday at 12 pm in India 51 minutes ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 flash sale ends as stocks go dry: When is the next sale? Find out when and why you can or should buy Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. OnePlus 5 price, specs, design leaked ahead of official launch OnePlus 5 India launch is slated for June 22 with pop-up events planned in New Delhi, Hyderabad, Bengaluru and Chennai. Majority of users still use Reliance Jio as secondary SIM despite best rates and offers Reliance Jio scored lowest in call drops, but dominated with best call rates and data recharge packs, a new study has revealed. Apple's top-secret iPhone plan leaked, and it's truly revolutionary Apple's health plans haven't been entirely new and the latest report just gives a boost to its future agendas. April woes: Reliance Jio loses out to Airtel, Idea in active subscribers' battle Idea Cellular also fared better than Jio in April by adding 0.6 million active subscribers compared to the latter's 0.4 million new users. Apple iPhone 8 tipped to come with wireless fast charging technology Apple's much-awaited anniversary mobile iPhone 8 series is expected to come with wireless battery charging and water-proof certifications. OnePlus 5 may let you take photos with bokeh effect, check out this purported sample photo The official OnePlus Twitter page has posted a portrait, which suggests that the OnePlus 5 will be able to reproduce photos with the "bokeh effect." BSNL's unlimited 4G data offer to take on Reliance Jio, Airtel, Vodafone, Idea BSNL launches Chaukka 444 to counter Idea's Rs 396 plan, Reliance Jio, Airtel and Vodafone in 4G data war. Photo Gallery Champions Trophy 2017: India defeat Bangladesh by 9 wickets for final clash against Pakistan India cantered to a nine-wicket win over Bangladesh in a lopsided second semi-final of the ICC Champions Trophy at the Edgbaston Stadium here on Thursday, setting up a clash with arch-rivals Pakistan in the final. Charlotte Dawson suffers wardrobe malfunction at Dangerous Game premiere Charlotte Dawson suffers wardrobe malfunction at reality star-studded Dangerous Game premiere. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Presidential polls: Rajnath Singh, Venkaiah Naidu to meet Sonia Gandhi, Sitaram Yechury today Haryana: Big farmers’ protest today, CRPF deployed Vadodara stampede: Shah Rukh should be booked, police report tells court Swami’s lawyer says Kerala woman retracted rape charge and attack claim 1993 Mumbai serial blasts verdict: TADA court to pronounce judgment on 7 accused today Four killed in Kabul's Al Zahra mosque attack, IS claims responsibility Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Google Pixel XL 2 to be replaced by LG-made big screen ‘Taimen’ smartphone: Report Google Pixel XL 2 to be replaced by LG-made big screen ‘Taimen’ smartphone: Report It doesn't mean there will be no Google Pixel XL this year, it's just that Google is reportedly replacing it with 'Taimen', which is rumoured to feature a larger display than 'Muskie'. Also, the 'Taimen' will reportedly be manufactured by LG and not HTC. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: June 14, 2017 2:14 pm Google Pixel XL 2017 might feature an even bigger display Related News Google Pixel XL 2 to made by LG, and all the other rumours we’ve seen so far Google Drive will let you ‘Back up and Sync’ your entire PC from June 28 onwards Apple strengthens video expertise with hiring of YouTube alumnus Previous leaks around second-generation of Google Pixel smartphones have suggested that Google is testing three smartphones for this year, but now a report has come out claiming that only two will make it to market, as Google is ditching the larger model Pixel XL for an even bigger display phone. As per reports, Google had internally planned on releasing three devices with codename ‘Walleye’, ‘Muskie’, and ‘Taimen’. Now according to Android Police report, Google has shelved plans to release one of its upcoming Pixel smartphones, codenamed ‘muskie’. The alleged smartphone was said to succeed the Pixel XL this year. However, it doesn’t mean there will be no Google Pixel XL this year, it’s just that Google is reportedly replacing it with ‘Taimen’, which is rumoured to feature a larger display than ‘Muskie’. Android Police notes that they are quite confident about the information, but do not know why Google has changed its plan. Also Read: Google Pixel phones will receive Android O update in August: Report According to 9to5google, a tipster has suggested that ‘Muskie’ may have gotten cancelled due to battery life not meeting expectations and other cost effectiveness goals. Separately, 9to5Google said to have discovered a bug report from the Android Issue Tracker which reveals that ‘Taimen’ will be manufactured by LG and not HTC. As per a bug entry from March by an LG employee, there was bug found in ‘Taimen’ and the entry notes it as “USB PD Compliance Failure.” For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd More Related News Google poaches Indian-origin chip architect from Apple Google might have sold 1 million Pixel smartphones: Report Tags: Google No Comments. Most Read India beat Bangladesh by nine wickets, to face Pakistan in final of ICC Champions Trophy 2017: Match highlights India vs Bangladesh Live Streaming ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST ICC Champions Trophy 2017: List of top run-scorers in the tournament Periyar University declared UG, PG April exam result 2017 at periyaruniversity.ac.in Disha Patani's throwback bikini photo is everything that's hot, see photo Best of Express 1993 Mumbai serial blasts verdict LIVE updates: Mustafa Dossa found guilty of conspiracy 1993 Mumbai serial blasts verdict: TADA court to pronounce judgment on 7 accused today CBI records Delhi Deputy CM Manish Sisodia's statement over 'Talk to AK' campaign OpinionDriven by domestic consumption, the Indian economy is poised to do better than most others OpinionPolitics must be muscular, majoritarian with a no-holds-barred campaign Buzzing Now EntertainmentBank Chor movie review: Riteish Deshmukh, this tired film leaves us sad for you EntertainmentKapil Sharma show dropped due to Sunil Grover's Super Night With Tubelight. Here is what Salman Khan show offers EntertainmentKaran Mehra blessed with a baby boy, says wife Nisha Rawal and son doing well. See first photo Trending'Typical Kerala' — Shashi Tharoor's witty Facebook commentary on 'the most secular picture of recent times' is going viral TrendingIndia vs Bangladesh: As India storms into final with Pakistan, Twitterati can't keep calm Top News SportsIndia to take on Pakistan in ICC Champions Trophy 2017 final on Sunday First Panama seizure: Top Delhi jeweller’s deposits Woman raped by Uber driver in Delhi in 2014 sues firm for breaching privacy To corner Government on farmers, Opposition plans Bharat Bandh SportsICC Champions Trophy: Dream team vs Redeem team SportsWe didn't expect to win by nine wickets, says Virat Kohli LifestylePeople are putting snail excretion on their faces to get a healthy glow: Is it really helpful? LifestyleGoat Yoga is the latest craze in the US; do you think it would work in India? TechnologyHTC U11 Squeezable phone to launch in India today: Key specs, price, and more TechnologyMotorola Moto C Plus India launch on June 19, will be Flipkart exclusive Jun 16: Latest News ICC Champions Trophy 2017, India vs Pakistan Final: Aamer Sohail insinuates Pakistan in the final thanks to match fixing Last month was second hottest May on record: NASA Pakistan says ICJ rejected India’s request to delay Kulbhushan Jadhav’s case CBI records Delhi Deputy CM Manish Sisodia’s statement over ‘Talk to AK’ campaign Watch Video: TDP MP assaults IndiGo airline staffer, damages ticket printer                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 DeepMind created a YouTube database of humans doing stuff that can help AIs to understand us Sam Shead Jun. 13, 2017, 10:09 AM 1,712 facebook linkedin twitter email print Matt Cardy/Getty Images Google DeepMind has created a database of hundreds of thousands of YouTube URLs that can help artificial intelligence (AI) agents to identify human actions such as drinking beer, riding a mechanical bull, and bench pressing. The London-based AI lab, which was acquired by Google in 2014 for a reported £400 million, developed the "Kinetics" dataset for the ActivityNet Challenge and published a paper detailing the work in May. The full paper can be read here. The database is comprised of some 300,000 already-published "realistic" and "challenging" YouTube URLs that are no more than 10 seconds in length. There are 400 URLs for each of the 400 actions. Each URL directs to a video of a human doing one of 400 actions and has been tagged accordingly by someone via the Amazon Mechanical Turk platform, which allows people to earn money for doing small computer tasks. "The actions are human focused and cover a broad range of classes including human-object interactions such as playing instruments, as well as human-human interactions such as shaking hands," DeepMind's authors wrote. DeepMind fed the dataset into a number of off-the-shelf AIs and successfully taught them how recognise certain tasks. Interestingly, DeepMind had more luck teaching AIs how to recognise actions such as bowling, tennis, and trapezing than it did teaching them how to spot yawning, headbutting, and faceplanting. The easiest and the hardest actions for an off-the-shelf AI to identify.Google DeepMind Earlier reports suggested that DeepMind had used clips of Homer Simpson performing various actions but this was not the case. A Google DeepMind spokesperson told Business Insider that data classification is essential to machine learning research. "AI systems are now very good at recognising objects in images, but still have trouble making sense of videos," said the spokesperson. "One of the main reasons for this is that the research community has so far lacked a large, high-quality video dataset, such as the one we now provide. "We hope that the Kinetics dataset will help the machine learning community to advance models for video understanding, making a whole range of new research opportunities possible." A separate paper, published shortly after the first one, shows how DeepMind then used its own algorithms on the Kinetics dataset with even better results. "We have shown that the performance of deep learning architectures can be substantially improved by first training on Kinetics, and then training and evaluating on standard action classification benchmarks," the DeepMind spokesperson added. Get the latest Google stock price here. NOW WATCH: Here are all the major changes coming to your iPhone Loading video... More: DeepMind Google Artificial Intelligence facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru DeepMind created a YouTube database of humans doing stuff that can help AIs to understand us DeepMind created a YouTube database of humans doing stuff that can help AIs to understand us Google DeepMind has created a database of... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: Tech market is nowhere near the dotcom days More "The Bottom Line" » How augmented reality is changing the way we work More "Boardroom 2030" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... The largest of Google's 2017 devices, codenamed 'Taimen,' may be built by LG Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/12 8:32pm PDTJun 12, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 4 Share on Facebook 7 Share on Twitter Total Shares25 Google Leaks LG News Back in March, we learned that Google may be working on a third device for 2017, called 'Taimen' (Google traditionally names products after fish). This third model would be bigger than the next Pixel and Pixel XL, codenamed 'Walleye' and 'Muskie' respectively. It's not known for sure that Taimen will be a larger Pixel phone, just that it will be larger in size than Walleye and Muskie. Earlier today, we reported that Muskie has likely been cancelled, leaving Walleye and Taimen the only phones Google will reveal this year. Now it seems that Taimen may be manufactured by LG. 9to5Google spotted an issue on the Google Issue Tracker, titled 'USB PD Compliance Failure.' The second comment on the report seems to reveal that Taimen is being manufactured by LG, with the device being called "G011C" in the linked power report. Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X. Considering that the bootlooping Nexus 5X is still fresh on consumers' minds, with a lawsuit currently pending, it seems hard to believe that Google would be welcome to LG making another device. Personally, I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacturer (my Nexus 5 and 5X both died after about a year of use), but let us know what you think in the comments. Via: 9to5Google Tags bootloop Google LG taimen subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Logitech Harmony Elite only $250 at Amazon and Best Buy ($100 off) ... Next Story Logitech announces Circle 2 home security cameras—weatherproof, wired or wireless, and ... Trending 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments james fuston Can't agree. My Nexus 5 was fantastic and I'm totally fine with LG manufacturing a Pixel. Snowsky Mountain I'm hoping that even if there was a problem with some LG phones like the G4, they've fixed it by now with the V20 and G6. Those seem like (relatively) stable phones, at least compared to the G4 and V10. JSo I'm currently using a v10 after my Nexus 5X died. I'm scared for it every day now. Lol Randroid V20 still has the same issue: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The G6 hasn't been out long enough for us to know yet. (The 5X generally bootloops around the 13 month mark) Anthony Castanza Same, LG made the Nexus 4 and Nexus 5, two of the best phones I've ever owned, I'm willing to give them another chance. james fuston Not to mention the level of support Google offers on Nexus/Pixel phones is far superior to working directly with OEMs like LG. The Nexus (later Pixel) support team is easily one of the best customer support interactions I've ever had. aRvInD Everything was fine till Nexus 5. Other issues like Power button prob etc maybe there but LG was doing well in making compact phones, until phones #bootloop. If LG explicitly agrees this #bootloop issue and positively declares they've fixed this issue, like Samsung did with Note 7 battery explosion story on S8, I will be glad to hope on them... I have hope because my LG Nexus 4, still works nice/flawless for almost 5 years!... Giampi Had a Nexus 5 and sold to buy OPO (worst decision ever). I've had 2 5X (the first died because it fell into the toilet by my lovely son hands and the second one is working perfectly). Using a Pixel now but just because I wanted some new toy. c00ller Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information. Your positive experience with the Nexus 5 is obsolete and unrepresentative of the more recent LG manufactured devices such as the Nexus 5X (mentioned in the post, guess you didn't bother to click on the relevant link) and the G4. Get informed by checking out /r/Nexus5X for example (there is a stickied post titled, "Bootloop megathread 2.0" for crying out loud). After just a few minutes of browsing it should be crystal clear why most Nexus 5X owners will forever avoid LG (and dissuade their friends/family from choosing LG as well). BFRC As you might know, there is a very large gap between individual 5X devices. I have used the Nexus 5, and currently running the 5X, and both of these devices have worked flawlessly over the last few years. My gf has my N5 and is still using it, also satisfied with its performance. Because of it, there is a large split in confidence with LG for newer devices; I would still consider getting a new LG phone if I wouldn't be aware of the mass issues, whereas many others would definitely stay away from anything they'd produce. Jerzy Michał Pawlak My Nexus 5X bootlooped 13 months after purchase... so what? LG fixed it quickly and without fuss (we have 2 years manufacturer's warranty here) and the phone works great again. Problems can happen with every manufacturer (my old Samsung Note 2 bootlooped 4 months after purchase, due to faulty RAM) and LG has shown good quality of service in this case. Large_Hadron The other posters' experience of the Nexus 5 is relevant because the author of the article cited the 5 as one of the reasons they would avoid a LG-built Pixel. Actually I know several people who are still using Nexus 5s. I've only ever seen a 5X in the wild once. The G6 would be the obvious device to watch if you want information on LG's recent manufacturing, as that will be 6 months old by the time the next Pixels are released (I've not seen reports of it having problems yet, but let's give it a few more months). Ryan We get it, we know. But one phone (after all, the 5x is just a warmed over G4) being a screw-up doesnt negate they had a few years of greatness. Maybe they can get back there if they learn from their mistakes. james fuston Ah yeah, I forgot to mention my G6 is also great. hope that makes my opinion less "obsolete" in your mind. Raz My N5 is still going strong and I use it every day as my spare device. My wife and mother-in-law are using their N5X for more than one year without any issues. Don't discount a manufacturer for some bad phones. Samsung still owns a decent share of the Android market and are one of the few companies that had a device banned on most US flights. Just saying. FoxBJK Subreddits around old phones really don't have much to focus on years after the phone was released. Are 5 and 5x owners supposed to hop over to those subs just to say "My phone's working great, sorry you're all having trouble"? It wouldn't go well. What else are they supposed to talk about that wouldn't apply to other, more general subreddits? It's not a fair assessment to look at those subs, and it's just condescending to say someone's wrong because their phone still works, and they don't know anyone with boot loop issues. I don't know anyone personally suffering from those either, so am I wrong when I say the 5x was a solid device for the price? james fuston Pretty much this. Product-centric subreddits are, in my experience, 90% people who are having a really bad time (outside of the first month of a product launch, where they're all "GOT MY SHIPPING CONFIRMATION!!1!") instinct I was an LG fan after the Nexus 5 and the G2 and G3. I got burned with a G4 (bootloop) but stayed with LG for the G5 for removable battery. It's been a good phone so far, but I am not as big of a fan as I used to be. My brothers 5X and my friends G4's both bootlooped. However, if it's another Nexus 5, I'd probably get it. My favorite phone ever. Nick Coad "Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information." You are lacking current information as well, for example you don't know how many 5Xs were actually affected by the bootloop as a percentage of the overall units sold. I'm not saying the problem is not serious, or even that it is not widespread BUT what I am saying is WE DON'T KNOW how many units had the problem, so any declaration about the prevalence of the issue is based on conjecture, including yours. A subreddit especially is the most ridiculous source to cite for evidence of anything, especially a manufacturing defect, given that only users experiencing the problem are going to be posting. You have no idea how many users are out there using their Nexus 5Xs without issue (like me and a couple of my friends, for example). xyz No, thanks. Reddit is cancer. stirfry Hmmm. LG recently announced 2 year warranties, so it would appear they are standing behind their products. I will definitely be purchasing a LG Pixel 2. My hysterical friends can stuff their dissuasion. rebretz000 I still have my Nexus 5X and I never had any bootloop issues. If the new Pixel XL looks like the LG G6 I will be all over it. Randroid So many of LG's phones bootloop that there's a wikipedia page for "LG smartphone bootloop issues" that contains a list of LG phones that bootloop: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues I will not be buying another LG phone any time soon. ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ...until it boot loops XD VAVAMk_2 Mine still works thomas sim My nexus 5 not affected by infamous bootloop, but another infamous issue of power button failed after one year, replaced it cheap. Replaced battery recently and now in drawer as backup phone. My friend's 5X not so lucky though. Lost confidence on LG already. Ahmad El-Ibrahim It is scary to think LG would be manufacturing. Google really wants​ people to pick up Pixel Protect. Daniel That must be some tasty cereal.... AK Don't worry guys, it'll all be ok. This is not Nexus. This is Pixel. "Made by Google" Pixel. SomeGuy112 True, if LG is just the manufacturer and Google designs and engineers everything, there's hope. DragoCubed Isn't the comment you replied to sarcastic? SomeGuy112 Could be, too hard to tell since the Pixel devices have better build quality than the last two Nexus devices. Midnitte Doesn't matter how well something is engineered if it's put together with duct tape. SomeGuy112 Valid point. Duder12 My Pixel has been solid as fuck. Jealous? AK No, mine has served me well also... silzazsyh i think your post SOUNDED too sarcastic, but it's accurate because the pixels are great AK My bad, wasn't supposed to be. xyz Of all the things to envy other people for, a fucking phone isn't one of them. Get a life. Dirge Pass. Nicholas Matranga I had two Nexus 5xs bootloop. No thanks LG! vineeth pulipati That's a software issue though, not lg's fault caerestapermitido No. Kieron Quinn Ah yes, a software fault that happens regardless of Android version, and happens to many other LG phones too. Seems legit. Randroid Look at reddit.com/r/nexus5x a quick look into a few posts there will tell you that it is NOT software related. People blamed it on Nougat, but mine bootlooped while still on 6.0.1. Also relevant: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Snowsky Mountain Maybe it's so that it can have a bezel-less screen? I think HTC said they weren't able to reduce bezels because they were a smaller OEM, so maybe Google's going with LG because of that. heitor dude, i got a nexus 5 since 2013 and it's still handling things pretty fine. LG does a great job, you're talking shit Gjorgi Lazarovski Do you by chance have a g4, g5, v10, v20 or a 5X? If not your comment makes no sense since bootloop issues were being reported from the g4 onwards. Corbin Davenport Why would I lie about my phone dying? The power button got stuck, and it happened to a ton of people. Just do a search for "nexus 5 power button". https://www.ifixit.com/Answers/View/208337/How+do+I+fix+a+Nexus+5+Power+Button+Issue https://www.reddit.com/r/Nexus5/comments/2rpfuj/nexus_5_broken_power_button_keeps_rebooting/ https://forum.xda-developers.com/google-nexus-5/general/nexus-5-power-button-broken-heres-to-t3049747 https://protyposis.net/blog/replacing-the-nexus-5-power-button/ https://flothesof.github.io/fixing-Nexus5-power-button.html https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/nexus/XwJA0gi4tco Duder12 Whats ridiculous is you are just assuming that LG will have the same level of involvement with the Pixel 2 as they did with the Nexus 5x. The Nexus 5x was a partner device. For all we know LG is nothing but a Foxconn for the Pixel 2 Randroid Problem is that ALL recent devices made by LG are bootlooping, not just the 5X: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Randroid How about the bootloop issues on all of their recent phones? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues D13H4RD2L1V3 Mmmm, fishy cereal SomeGuy112 Google is trading fat bezels for bootloops, would rather have the fat bezels and better build quality from HTC. Rohan J Singh Best news all week .. lg any day over htc. If it's htc then mostly it will be based off u11 type shitty front design. Randroid I'm just gunna leave this here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Rohan J Singh Ofcourse they are going to work on it if they aim to compete with apple which they are Randroid Work on what? The bootloop issue that has been plaguing them for their last 5 releases? Yeah, you go ahead and be part of their test group. Let me know when your device bootloops. Rohan J Singh If i do buy this i will reply to you here, Bookmarked ! Orion Exactly! cadtek91 I dunno what the big deal is. LG and HTC are just manufacturers, like Foxconn is to Apple. Google has final say on design, schematics, layouts, testing, BOMs, components. SomeGuy112 Let's hope that's the case this year, the OG Pixel looks surprisingly simlar to other HTC designs, rumor was HTC gave Google a HTC phone template to base the original Pixel off of because they needed something fast due to a deal gone bad with Huawei, of course that's just a rumor though This year they had lots of time, so hopefully the design is somewhat more unique. Luxferro Don't forget the 6P's battery shutdown issues too. cadtek91 Yeah, that's Hauwei's fault though, not LG's. Patriciaahenry Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dg155c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dg155c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs445DirectGroupsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dg155c:....,.... Chris Thurber Why did you only work 90 hours in the last four weeks if you're making that much per hour? Why not work a normal 80 hour work week?? You'd be a millionaire? Hmm?? HMM??? Luxferro Re-read your initial comment, and tell me why your comment applies to the nexus 5, 5X, but not 6P. demarcmj The point of his original comment was that there is (or should be) a difference between Nexus devices and Pixel devices W.R.T. the role of the manufacturer. Meaning that the problems experienced on Nexus phones need not necessarily deter customers from a Pixel because in this case (theoretically) the phone is being designed by Google and the manufacturer is just building to print. VAVAMk_2 Crap batteries from Huawei. Can confirm. Once replaced they run fine. Luxferro I think part of the issue is Google and could be software too. The phone communicates with the battery over I2C bus. If the phone is at 30% battery, and all of a sudden it powers off and won't turn back on until you connect to a charger for a split second while you press the power button. Then it boots back up with 30% then why did it turn off? Did the cells go into some protection mode? Did the battery say we're running low and tell android to power off? Did the phone mis-interpret I2C communication and think it needs to turn off. I'm sure google could narrow down the problem if they actually looked at it - just monitor the I2C traffic to and from the battery. It's their phone... they sold and marketed it. Nope.jpeg I guess they all have pretty back customer support, so that doesn't matter, either. Large_Hadron The original Pixels had a lot more HTC design in them than Google's marketing would like you to think. I don't think it's a secret that they were a bit of a rush job (though they've overall held up pretty well despite that). Of course they shouldn't be a rush this time, so probably "designed by Google" will be more accurate this time. But I can still understand reservations if people have reason to distrust a particular manufacturer. Randroid Here's a list of LG phones that bootloop (Including the 5x): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The problem is with something at LG and the way they manufacturer their devices. They all bootloop. (All recent models at least) xyz Anything they can do to avoid blaming their precious Google. If the phone has the Google logo on it, then any problems with it are Google's fault. James Briano I'm going to have another look at that "Essential" phone Luxferro I think I'm buying that too. I have mine reserved. Time to try something new than a Google phone. Bombaglad the only thing bugging me about that phone is the absence of amoled wjrandon I never had a problem with my Nexus 5. Frankly I welcome LG over HTC. Considering the publicity of their past hardware problems I'm sure LG's engineers would make sure not to repeat any past mistakes. Bring on that massive 6 inch display. My body is ready! phineasjw I've always bought a new Android phone every two years, however similar to desktops, we've reached mobile CPU performance saturation. I've got a Nexus 6P and really feel no need to upgrade to a new $750 phone with only slightly better performance when the 6P is still blazing along. We'll see what the next Pixel iteration brings.. needa Buy a battery or two now, while you can still get OEM quality. You can thank me later. DragoCubed I'm still using my S4 :P WitnessG This kills the hype. Its hard to trust LG with their flaky past of bad quality. Luxferro The Nexus 6P has similar issues with it's battery... Henry Park That doesn't excuse LG in anyway shape or form, especially since G4 G5 V10 V20 all had similar boot looping problems. Manny Fleurmond V20? I own a V20 and have no problems Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues George famous last words... VAVAMk_2 Huawei used crappy quality batteries that degrade after a year. Replace the battery and it runs great again. I did. Roy But here Google design the phone, so it's different. JSo My Nexus 5X died on me. But my Nexus 5 still runs good. Go figure. I loved both phones though. Curtis Bond I'd sure as hell take LG over HTC. michael interbartolo Lg stepped up and fixed my wife's 5x at 13 months (though did take about 6 weeks) and my 5x at 18 months (turn around was a mere week) so hopefully they learned from their mistakes. portalpirate Poor HTC. Aaron Makes me wonder if the Pixel supply problem wasn't due to production issues at HTC. virk With a dead Nexus 5 and 5X lying around, I'm done with LG. Max If it looks somewhat similar to the G6 shape, keeps the Pixel smoothness and they don't make the mistake of making it larger than a S8+ then they'll have my money for sure! Dan Franchini An LG G6 with an SD 835 and pure Android. Sign me up. Bombaglad they'd need to revive old motorola for that (not the nonsense "moto" they've become under lenovo) Max Johnson I'm not concerned, doesn't seem to be a problem with the G5 and going forward. Bombaglad yeah, the g5 sucked, but didn't bootloop.... OR DID IT?! Christopher Bement Biased much? My N4 and G6 have been flawless, but like you, that's my experience. tim242 For fuck's sake. There is a class actin lawsuit over the issue. Duder12 Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. Randroid Problem is, Google will only perform the replacement if you bought the phone from the Google Store or from Project Fi. If you purchased it anywhere else, you have to go through LG. Luckily I purchased mine from Fi, so when mine bootlooped I got a replacement relatively quickly. destinyhud i know u think u r trying to over smart others but u need to stop. there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid I was referencing the current state of things with the 5x. The comment that I was replying to was talking about Google doing well with the 5x replacements, my comment was specifically about 5x replacements, and is 100% true in that context. Google HAS done a great job with replacements, but LG has NOT. The fact that Google is good at replacing LG's crappy phones is NOT a reason for me to buy a phone that is made by a company that is known for its shoddy hardware. Go ahead and buy more LG stuff. Have fun when it bootloops like the rest of them. destinyhud u r trying to troll with ur comments. u replied to this "Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. " I think u need to get a life. we all know it bootloops but what u r doing is childishly silly Randroid How is that trolling? I'm pointing out facts. Google is good about providing replacements for LG's screw-up; LG is not good at it. "we all know it bootloops" - no, if you read the comments on this page, not everyone knows it bootloops. destinyhud pointing out on every posts?? thats exactly why i said u r trolling with ur childishly silly troll post Ryan Cottrell Weren't all the rumors a year ago saying HTC signed a 2 year, 3 phone contract? Also, maybe they'll have LG make one with a bigger screen, a la G6 since it will minimize component costs, and HTC will make a normal, upgrade from current, Pixel. Si vis pacem, para bellum Given that LG makes the second best smartphone of 2017 so far after the S8, this is good news. Up until now I have never been able to buy any Nexus/Pixel smartphone or tablet in part because most of them weren't even sold here in Western Europe and in part because most of the time there always was some deal breaking spec (especially battery and storage related) and/or lack of some important feature, but I hope that can change soon. Until then, Google will continue to be totally irrelevant on the "hardware side" of the market. iKon It can never be the best phone of 2017, with a 2016 processer. Mike Bastable Well someone certainly has a beef with LG. Simply the most stupid article I have ever read here. Biased and ridiculous. Make me think that A.P. is doing on quality control and impartiality. Piss poor. whispy_snippet Mate. Calm down. Mike Bastable Zen here. However some of the recent articles seem like the ranting of Fanboys (usually found in the comments section) instead of researched articles. A.P is becoming less essential as a result, which is a shame. whispy_snippet Someone's ranting anyway. needa They are all becoming less essential. Nowadays it doesn't really matter what phone you buy... it's going to be a good one. At least AP dives into the code and gets their hands a bit dirty. Everyone else is either a corporate sellout like AC, has terrible page load times due to the ads like AA, or just copy pastes press releases and takes the weekend off like DL. Mike Bastable Points well made Sir_Brizz My Nexus 5 remains my favorite phone of all time. I would love to see a new device with similar design language. whispy_snippet Same here. I have a Pixel now but my old N5 still works! c00ller The number of strong, uninformed, and stubborn opinions in this comments section is a sad reminder of the state of society in general whispy_snippet If we see a hodge podge split design approach with the Pixel I'll be very surprised (and disappointed). DragoCubed It was a lazy design. Flint_PS I don't mind. I've had a Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and am currently using a Nexus 5X. Good phones (although not without faults, obviously), and LG warranty support is pretty great where I live. needa I don't know why you would stay away, unless LG is designing the Pixel from the ground up like they did the Nexus devices. LoE Am I the only one in the world with a perfectly working Nexus 5X? And a perfectly working Nexus 4 before that? I would welcome another LG phone. JD You sir have the unicorn. lomsha Some hope for reduced bezels then lol. Oliver Cervera ✔ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ My Nexus 5 is still rocking, Nexus 5X bootlooping :( Lawstorant Aaaaaaand my interest suddenly dropped to 0. Rohan My nexus 4 worked perfectly till I sold it early this year Dmitry Stepanushkin Same, but wife threw it on floor in underground train station, and screen became unusable. Last thing I did erased it remotely, then it bootlooped and I force powered it off and it went to recycle bin. tmartin yes, mine still runs well (for a phone as old as it is, of course). My N5X started boot looping a few months ago and I brought out my N4 for the month it took LG to fix the 5X. Needless to say, at this point I need a finger print sensor, but the N4 worked well and felt so great in my hand compared to the 5X. Rohan I would instantly get one, jsut for looks if they released a nexus Mini or something with upgrades specs and N4 design. I absolutely loved that phone. Jas Kapadia The leaks are coming! "itshappening.gif" Also thumbs up for that header image. Too good. Dmitry Stepanushkin Add "spoiler alert"😀 Duncan Booth My Nexus 5 got unreliable GPS after nearly 2 years, but was replaced under warranty. My Nexus 5X died completely after 18 months but was replaced under warranty. It's great getting a new phone paid for by Google every couple of years, so as long as they're happy to go with LG I won't have any complaints. Dmitry Stepanushkin Unfortunately not everyone able to get replacement. It FeelsBadMan when thing suddenly breaks and bought somewhere on Ebay. I prefer phones without known major defects over being able to maybe get replacement some day. Rob I'm still using my Nexus 5, and still love it. I won't buy another phone until someone makes a decent one with stock Android that's no bigger. Lucas Araujo Great news! If this is true, there is a chance that the new Pixel can be launched here in Brazil since HTC left the country a few years ago. I guess that you had some very bad luck with your Nexus's devices. I had a Nexus 4, 5 and 5x (my current phone). All of them are still working despite the cracked screen (my fault) and the power button not working properly on the N5. Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues TechGuy22 That's why there's a rumor about bezel being slim since HTC can't make good looking devices anymore Chris You kidding? Nexus 5 was absolutely amazing. yann933 Well considering my 5x just died this Friday, I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;) Looks like the Taimen will be getting 2 years of warranty guys!!!! /s Randroid Google only handles replacements if you bought from Google (or Project Fi.) People who bought from LG, their carrier, or any other source have to go through LG and some are waiting months for a replacement. I, on the other hand, did buy from Fi and got a replacement within about a week. destinyhud there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid As with my other comment, this was specifically talking about 5x replacements. NOT Pixel replacements. Still will never buy another LG phone because I don't want to HAVE to replace my phone when it bootloops. destinyhud no S/he was talking about pixel replacement. read again. his old phone died and "I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;)" Randroid has no problem even if it bootloops but u seem to have a problem with it. 4Ui812 I'm not sure it's the hardware that you have to worry about regarding any new Pixel (fixel) phone as much as it is the software. Randroid If it's made by LG, hardware is what you need to be worried about: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues 4Ui812 My first touch screen phone was a LG (can't remember the name of it) I bought (used) on eBay and never had a issue with it. I've also owned a LG DVD burner (still have it) and a tv in the past. I've only had a few experiences with LG products but every experience had been great. Maybe the company isn't so great anymore ? Randroid Yeah, things change. I *loved* LG's flip phones back in the day. I wouldn't buy a phone if it wasn't LG. But then when smart phones came out the quality was always lacking. Now that they've (kinda) caught up in quality as far as performance is concerned, other issues have popped up. I bought the 5X forgetting that it was made by LG. I honestly probably wouldn't have purchased it even back then if I had realized that fact. LG has never been on the top of the list for smart phones. They were alright for a time, but never on the top. PhantomGamers FWIW I got an OG Nexus 5 on release and it's still running pretty strong, my dad is using it now. Only issue is that the battery dies really fast now, might try and swap it out. Dmitry Stepanushkin I using mine as second phone. All good except battery and some lags coz "only" 2GB of RAM. ROB Be careful with swapping the battery... I killed mine... very depressing. It was a great phone. kamiller42 Cute picture. Spread the hate. I wonder if Samsung articles will be accompanied with images of roasted and burnt marshmallows. Naaaahh. someone755 No because that didn't happen on a mass scale and saw Samsung release a hardware revision that would get swapped out for consumers free of charge, and then later a software update that would render the devices useless. Samsung publicly acknowledged and apologized for the issue and worked together with people and companies to prevent further damage. LG, on the other hand, refuses to even put out a statement to either confirm or deny that the bug exists, despite having several lawsuits launched against them in recent history. The bugs affect many more people than Samsung's battery issue. Samsung should be praised or at least be given a pass because of the way they handled the situation. LG should be shamed both because it's basically stealing from its customers as well as for the waste their dead phones are generating. kamiller42 Samsung handled the issue. Claimed the issue was limited, claimed a fix which wasn't, and several more burned. I think Samsung did handle as best they could, but don't whitewash the event. Exploding phones is far more serious than boot loops. Yet, don't see AP dogging them. Also, not everyone is experiencing boot loops. someone755 Not everyone experienced a burning battery. My point is, and I think you know that, that Samsung reacted to the problem quickly and did several things about it. It may not have been perfect (it certainly wasn't), but it is commendable. LG's attitude is despicable and appalling. Randroid Samsung had 1 phone with an issue, and they quickly addressed it. LG currently has 5, and they still have yet to even try to address the issue. (I say "currently" because there isn't enough data to make a decision about some of their more recent releases.) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues kamiller42 Too quickly addressed. Huh? Recalled, said it was fixed, and then recalled again. No boot loop ever threatened anyone's life. Am I right? I think the Boot Loops cartoon and burnt marshmallows image are infantile. Randroid No bootloop ever threatened anyone's life? I guess you haven't been in an emergency situation without a cell phone. People whose phone have bootlooped are taking MONTHS to be replaced. A lot can happen when you're without a means of contact for 3 months. And again, they're still not comparable. Samsung quickly recalled the product when they found out about the issues. Yes, they messed up by rushing out a replacement that had a similar issue, but then (again) QUICKLY issued another recall. LG has known about these issues for YEARS and has done nothing to remedy them. kamiller42 Which would you rather have in your pocket, a boot looping phone or an exploding one? Randroid Neither, I'd rather the company take responsibility for the problem (like Samsung did) and return my broken phone. Instead, I've got a phone in my pocket that is waiting to bootloop at any time because they replaced it with the same device instead of giving me a device that has no issues. kamiller42 You're talking about response. I'm talking about the problems. I'll take the looping phone. You can keep the burnt leg. demarcmj "Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X." I'm confused by this line. Has the manufacturer of the "Walleye" been leaked yet? Patrick Smithopolis All the tech sites are pretty sure it's HTC. It was reported last year that HTC has an agreement with Google to manufacture the Pixel phones for two or three years. charlie Jason Hopefully LG is capable of making phones with thin bezels, unlike HTC. destinyhud did u miss the G6??? why hopefully? they can make one matteventu I had all the intentions to change my 128GB Pixel XL for the "Pixel XL 2" (or whatever it will be called, regardless of screen size - if not bigger than 6"), but £800 for some LG crap, no thanks, Google you're not going to see my money. Marcelove "I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacture" Yeah, let's buy chinese-slave-labor-made-phone from Xiaomi, Huawei and others instead... blindexecutioner My slave built OnePlus 3T is probably the best built phone I've ever used. You'd think those other manufacturer's could get it right if they're using higher paid free-living adults. Alex Kruger Before people start freaking out about LG, they fixed the design flaw that was leading to boot looping. They no longer have the battery and processor next to each other, they're in separate sides of the phone (processor is on top and the battery is in the bottom) with a heat pipe in between. They started doing this with the G6, which has not suffered and major boot looping issues, and has sold significantly better that the G5 and (I believe) the V10 and V20. I, and many tech bloggers (including Android Police) have been really impressed with the G6 and how well it's aging. Randroid You mean the G6 that release 2 months ago? Yeah, it's aging well. The average time it takes for a 5X to bootloop is around 13 months, so there is no useful data as to how this device will handle at that point of its lifetime. Ryan I only finally had the bootloop issue but I had the extended warranty. While I am not as happy with my 5x my Nexus 4 was an EXCELLENT phone. I even fired it up and used it for the two days I had to wait for my replacement 5x. So, for me, if LG put as much effort into the Pixel as they did the Nexus 4 I could see it being interesting. But if its like the 5x no way, not for Pixel prices. Patrick Smithopolis My Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and Nexus 5X are all working without issue. tmartin Isn't Google supposed to be designing these from the ground up, with LG just acting as a manufacturing partner?? Or have we all moved past that? blindexecutioner Did people really believe that? The Pixel is very clearly an HTC designed phone. Berni Hargrove But wasn't that just because they were short on time? Mike I Author of this article is loose. LG 5x is not in a lawsuit. I'm staying away from you Corbin. tmartin Is Taimen going to be a tango phone? I'm starting this rumor if its not already out there. _jsw_ Literally came here to post this. I hope so, and, if it is, I'm buying it... assuming I don't buy the Asus Zenphone AR first. Tango isn't quite there yet, but it's so tantalizingly close. tmartin Yeah, I don't know. I was planning on getting the XL and Taimen sounds bigger than I want. But maybe I can be convinced. Then again, if I can't fit the thing in my pocket, kind of a deal breaker. tmartin It does sound like Google is wanting to do more with it. I'm skeptical of the whole VR/AR thing, but it is fun to watch it come together. _jsw_ I've got the Tango Tablet, which still runs but is getting really *really* old now (it's never been upgraded past KitKat!!). Still, I've done some coding on it and used it to build decent 3D models of spaces, but the sensors and CPUs weren't quite what I needed. Add a second actual camera on the other end/bottom for real stereoscopic range finding, and the potential is massive. A legit 3D scanner in your hand is an awesome concept. As far as AR/VR goes, though... I think you also need that second camera so that you can look "through" it when it's in a headset and still get stereoscopic vision. The Samsung Gear VR lets you do AR via a passthough of the camera when you're using it, but it seems too "flat" because of only having one "eye". I realize Google isn't going to have two rear-facing cameras, but... if someone would, that would finally be a useful VR/AR headset-capable device. disastrousrainbow I've owned three LG devices in my life. The G3, Nexus 5X, and G5. Neither one of those phone's ever boot looped for me. I'm not saying it's not a problem (because obviously it is for some) but judged off my experience, comments on here, and even the couple of friends I know that are using LG's, I feel as if the severity of this issue is due to a small minority making big noise about it. Shaun Smith Enter the G6 clone. Ugh Shaun Smith I know it's supposed to be bigger, but just remembering when Google asked Moto for a big phone and we ended up with a giant Moto X named Shamu cellabonez Time for sony to make a Nexus StankyChikin N5, G4, V10, Currently on G6 - Have had them all.. Rest have been handed down and work great still. JOAT I had a Nexus 5x and needed a warranty replacement​. Please no, Google!!! sraj49 Let us not forget that the hardware and software is total responsibility of Google and LG had no day in it. I am surprised that a comment like this coming from the author whom I respect for a good analysis King_Android Essential "The Phone" FTW!!!!!!! Joshua Binyard I don't know of any manufacturer that hasn't had issues with their phones, at one point or another. No I'm getting my next pixel 2 "the biggest one" no matter who makes it. And if it acts up I will trade it in. I hope the phone and the case are released at the same time Roy I think it's great. Let's think about it for a little​. Google wanted LG's OLED and in the same time was looking for a new Factory to build the next Pixel. Maybe LG was like you wont our best displays first in line take us to build the next Pixel. In the meantime HTC can't hel to build the new pixel without big bezels and not enough big battery and if Google ever wanted to bring back the front stereo speakers it's really difficult with HTC. LG roking​ with the G6 with tiny bezels. So with LG'S new OLED they can save more place for compact design big battery and the way Google get great display more likely with HDR and can bring back the stereo speakers:) Everybody wins. blindexecutioner Any manufacturer is better than HTC. I hope Google takes some of LG's design the way they took HTC's dated design as well (Even though they say they were responsible or the design it was clearly HTC inspired just like the Nexus devices have always been). Indianajonze well they made the nexus 5 as well, and that phone was amazing. personally, i welcome any opportunity that allows for the possibility we'll get an lcd screen over oled... Gytole Had the G2,3,4,5 and V20, never had a bootloop. I'm for it. Lisandro what a way to kill a phone even before being manufactured Tech Dude My prior LG phones were great. LG G2 and a coupleof LG G3s still going strong as emergency devices. Now my Nexus 6P.. I'm on my forth. No more devices from Huawei. Morenicano That "Boot Loops" picture tho....... 😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Orion Ummmm no. Never seen any issues with LG. This will be my next phone if the specs come correct. xyz Bollocks. Nexus 5 was the best Google branded phone ever. Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 172 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 33 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 395 1 Year Ago Today Editorial: iOS 10 is Apple’s not-so-secret love letter to Android 2016/06/15 4:50pm PDTJun 15, 2016 52 2 Years Ago Today Google Maps Now Warns You If You Are Navigating To A Place That Will Be Closed When You Arrive 2015/06/15 2:52pm PDTJun 15, 2015 43 3 Years Ago Today PSA: No, The OnePlus One Is Not Waterproof, So Don't Try This At Home 2014/06/15 11:20am PDTJun 15, 2014 2 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Emancy: Borderline War, Shelter, And Beejumbled 2013/06/15 5:49pm PDTJun 15, 2013 21 5 Years Ago Today Zombies, Run! Spices Up Your Running Routine With A Little Undead Uprising 2012/06/15 10:20pm PDTJun 15, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today [Updated] EVO Shift 4G Gingerbread OTA Update Dropping June 17th 2011/06/15 3:41pm PDTJun 15, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today HTC Aria Coming June 20th To AT&T, Initial Hands-On Impressions Surface 2010/06/15 5:50pm PDTJun 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 30 Google adds Play Store support to more Chromebooks from Acer, Dell, ASUS, HP, Lenovo, and Samsung 2017/06/15 11:01am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 173 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 124 queries | 0.412s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Financial X-Ray Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Financial X-Ray Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Financial X-Ray Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Financial X-Ray Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Govt will clear Amazon's FDI proposal in food retail, says Harsimrat Badal Business Standard Google aims to have 41mn Indian SMBs under 'Digital Unlocked' programme Digital Unlocked is a training programme for creating awareness about digitisation among SMBs Press Trust of India  |  Kolkata  June 13, 2017 Last Updated at 19:14 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWUS0o ALSO READ Govt fleeced Rs 26,000 cr in name of Digital India: Randeep Surjewala IT ministry to promote digital transactions Digital India facing hurdles on multiple fronts: Report WhatsApp buys into Modi's vision, to launch digital payments in India first Response to digital payments positive: Arun Jaitley Google India aims to bring some 41 million Small and Medium Businesses under its umbrella, those which are still alienated from the digital world through their Digital Unlocked programme. "According to a government estimate, there are 51 million SMBs in the country out of which 10 million are either available in search results or maps of Google," Google's director of marketing solutions, Shalini Girish, said here today. Digital Unlocked is a training programme for creating awareness about digitization among SMBs, which started in January. Google, along with the FICCI, plans to conduct 5000 offline classroom training programmes and take forward recognising SMBs with SMB Heroes programme. Read More On Google | Smbs | Digital India | Digital | Government | India | Results | Digital Unlocked | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Calculate Your Premium in Seconds and Buy Health Insurance Today Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Google aims to have 41mn Indian SMBs under 'Digital Unlocked' programme Digital Unlocked is a training programme for creating awareness about digitisation among SMBs Digital Unlocked is a training programme for creating awareness about digitisation among SMBs Google India aims to bring some 41 million Small and Medium Businesses under its umbrella, those which are still alienated from the digital world through their Digital Unlocked programme. "According to a government estimate, there are 51 million SMBs in the country out of which 10 million are either available in search results or maps of Google," Google's director of marketing solutions, Shalini Girish, said here today. Digital Unlocked is a training programme for creating awareness about digitization among SMBs, which started in January. Google, along with the FICCI, plans to conduct 5000 offline classroom training programmes and take forward recognising SMBs with SMB Heroes programme. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Google aims to have 41mn Indian SMBs under 'Digital Unlocked' programme Digital Unlocked is a training programme for creating awareness about digitisation among SMBs Google India aims to bring some 41 million Small and Medium Businesses under its umbrella, those which are still alienated from the digital world through their Digital Unlocked programme. "According to a government estimate, there are 51 million SMBs in the country out of which 10 million are either available in search results or maps of Google," Google's director of marketing solutions, Shalini Girish, said here today. Digital Unlocked is a training programme for creating awareness about digitization among SMBs, which started in January. Google, along with the FICCI, plans to conduct 5000 offline classroom training programmes and take forward recognising SMBs with SMB Heroes programme. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Music Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Google Hires Key Apple Chip Architect to Build Custom Chips for Pixel Phones (EXCLUSIVE) Janko Roettgers Senior Silicon Valley Correspondent @jank0 Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Courtesy of Google June 13, 2017 | 06:47AM PT Google has hired a veteran chip architect away from Apple and is now looking to build its own chips for future versions of its flagship Pixel phone, Variety has learned from sources familiar with the hire. Manu Gulati, who had been spearheading Apple’s own chip developments for close to eight years, joined Google in the last few weeks. He publicly announced the job change on his Linkedin profile Tuesday morning, stating that he now works as Google’s Lead SoC Architect. In addition to Gulati’s hire, Google is now looking to hire additional chip experts to tightly control future Pixel hardware. A Google spokesperson declined to comment when contacted for this story; Apple didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment. Gulati started working at Apple in 2009, and was instrumental to the company’s efforts to build custom chips for the iPad, the iPhone and Apple TV. Apple began using its own chips in 2010, starting with the introduction of the iPad in 2010, which was powered by the company’s A4 chip. To this day, the company uses custom-designed microchips for each of their devices, which make it possible to optimize processors both for performance and energy consumption. In the industry, these integrated chips for mobile devices are also known as SoCs, or “systems on a chip.” In contrast, Google relied on a chip designed and manufactured by Qualcomm when it introduced its first Pixel phones last fall. The same chip is being used by a number of other Android phone manufacturers, including HTC, LG, Lenovo and Asus — all of which goes to say that these phones all offer very similar performance specs. Qualcomm has become the de facto-manufacturer for higher-end Android phone chips, making it harder for the companies to differentiate their devices from one another. Hiring Gulati could now help Google to get an edge over other companies. Losing him, on the other hand, is a significant blow for Apple. The Cupertino-based computer maker filed a total of 15 chip-related patents that credit Gulati as one of the inventors. Some of these filings describe fundamental chip architecture, while others are more specific to certain applications. For example, one of his patents described hardware-based security for Apple Pay that securely stores a user’s fingerprint on the iPhone. Google’s desire to eventually design its own chips for mobile devices has been reported for some time. Back in 2015, The Information reported that the company had conversations with chip manufacturers about building Google-designed chips. And last year, Bloomberg reported that Google planned to eventually power Pixel devices with its own microchips. These efforts seem to have gained some significant steam in recent months. Coinciding with Gulati’s hire, Google has started to post a number of job offers for chip design-related positions, including one for a “Mobile SoC CPU Architect” and a “Mobile SoC Architect,” who will “help define the architecture of future generations of phone and tablet” chips. Up until recently, this wasn’t too much of a problem for Google. The company’s previous Nexus phones were primarily aimed at Android enthusiasts, and a way for Google to push the industry to adopt the latest and greatest that Android could offer. Nexus phones often didn’t even pack the latest chips, and instead aimed for lower pricing and a better software experience. But in 2016, Google began to shift its mobile device strategy to take on Apple directly with its new premium Pixel phones. At the same time, the industry underwent fundamental changes that put a bigger onus on phone hardware itself. Phones nowadays aren’t just for texting and web browsing anymore, but are increasingly being used to power virtual reality headsets and augmented reality experiences. What’s more, applications powered by machine learning require companies to shift some of their smarts from the cloud — where Google’s tech used to shine — to local devices to adapt to voice and visual input with no notable latency. Apple drove home this point during its most recent developer conference, where the company’s SVP of software engineering Craig Federighi claimed that the iPhone is six times faster at image recognition than Google’s Pixel phone. Google’s VP of Android Engineering Dave Burke actually embraced some of the same logic when he demonstrated Google’s progress in machine learning for mobile devices at his company’s Google I/O developer conference in May. Some of the examples shown by Burke included a feature in the next version of Android that automatically recognizes which words in a text constitute an address, making it easier to copy and paste addresses from emails and text messages. This kind of text recognition is done on the device, in real time, and Burke said that Google is looking to hardware-accelerate this kind of functionality in the future. To integrate machine-learning optimized signal processors directly into a phone’s main chip, Google needs to closely control the design of that chip. Gulati’s expertise could be essential to these efforts. His Linkedin profile shows that before joining Apple, Gulati worked for close to 15 years at chip makers AMD and Broadcom, giving him a total of 27 years of experience in the industry. Filed Under: Apple Google Pixel phone Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 3 Film Did Tom Cruise’s Need for Control Bury ‘The Mummy’? TV Bill Cosby Jury Still Deadlocked After Four Days Biz CNN Sues FBI for Release of James Comey Memos Film Review: Colin Trevorrow’s ‘The Book of Henry’ Emmys: 5 Pressing Questions With Voting Underway Ian McShane Thought He Had Seen It All, Then Along Came ‘American Gods’ Playback: Sam Elliott on ‘The Hero’ and Living His Childhood Dream How Will Emmy Voters React to Bill Maher’s Racial Slur Gaffe? Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply 3 Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Joe Belkin says: June 14, 2017 at 11:25 am Here’s exactly what’s going to happen. Google will hire a team, they will fiddle – after THREE years, they will abandon this when it comes time to actually commit to building chips – why? Google doesn’t sell enough of anything – only an idiot would build a plant to put into a phone they sold less than a million of. Now that they hired a real CEO who knows accounting. No more wasting $10 BILLION dollars in 2 years in buying and then selling Moto when they realized they needed t pour in another $10 billion in the HOPES they can compete with Apple. Google is an ad sales company – why would they need a chip unless it’s cluelessness based on jealousy. Google shareholders are stupid. Reply CH says: June 15, 2017 at 4:06 am I believe any SoC designed by Google would be suitable for all Android phones– a market share of 88%. Reply vigneshwaran says: June 15, 2017 at 2:04 am google trying to replace Qualcomm or MediaTek not targeting Apple, look like they will make soc suitable for Android and sell them to mobile manufacturer, this will give them support for further update of android os and many control of os after sales Reply More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Gallery: 7 Trends Katy Perry Wore While Promoting Her New Album Stephen Colbert Casts Hugh Jackman To Play Him In Donald Trump… Kicksperience Teases Sneakerheads With Yeezy & Air Jordan… Seth Meyers Offers President Trump a (Belated) Birthday Peace… Lindsay Lohan Is Returning to TV, and This Could Be the Low-Key… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security ZDNet Academy more Digital Transformation Data Centers Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security ZDNet Academy Digital Transformation Data Centers Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google's Gboard: New AI helps save you typing on your Android screen Google's machine intelligence is powering new suggestion features that cut the friction of typing on tiny screens. By Liam Tung | June 13, 2017 -- 12:56 GMT (05:56 PDT) | Topic: Innovation Gboard's emoji search box, left, now supports drawing an emoji to find the right expression, while Google has also enhanced the app's keyboard predictions, right. Image: Google Google's latest round of machine-learning enhancements for its Gboard smart keyboard offer two new features that reduce the need to type and improve its ability to make suggestions. The app's emoji search box now supports drawing an emoji to find the right expression. The app will recognize what emoji you're drawing and will suggest several likely candidates. This feature should help when you don't remember what a specific emoji is called. The feature looks similar to Google's recent AI app, AutoDraw, which turns your sketches into professional-looking clip art. The example it offers shows a simple drawing of a cat which returns a dynamic selection of emojis that tend toward the apparent right emoji as more of the cat's features are filled in. Initial suggestions when the cat is just a circle include things like a ghost, pineapple, and various circles, which become a selection of mostly cats by the time the doodle is more recognizable as a feline. Google recently overhauled the machine-intelligence models it uses in Gboard to improve typing predictions and help people navigate soft keyboards faster and reduce manual corrections. Google enhanced its keyboard predictions after adding speech-recognition learning to its models, having realized that mobile keyboard touch inputs, such as typing and swiping, work in a similar way to the speech-recognition systems that translate voice inputs into text. Its quick-typing improvements to Gboard now support phrase suggestions that predict the next word, in addition to suggestions for completing individual words. This feature will initially be available in English but is coming to more languages soon. Gboard search has also been updated to display multiple results that can be browsed through or shared in other apps. There are also cards that display links to Maps, or calling a business, and YouTube. More on Google AI Google Project Sunroof adds peer pressure: Can its AI shame you into going solar? Would you trust Google Photos AI to tell you who to share images with? Raspberry Pi: This Google kit will turn your Pi into a voice-controlled digital assistant Google weaves machine learning into new Google Photos features Google to use 100 percent renewable energy for all operations by 2017 Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation Perceived cost of IoT hindering uptake in Australian healthcare: Philips Innovation ​Accenture, 1QBit partner for drug discovery through quantum computing Big Data Analytics ​Fujitsu to provide Kyushu University with new supercomputer for AI Innovation We don't need better Macs. We need more powerful iPads × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Waymo retires its cute self-driving car prototype Waymo retires its cute self-driving car prototype Posted on Tuesday, June 13, 2017 by CNN in Business News Being cute only gets you so far as a self-driving car. Waymo, the self-driving arm of Google’s parent company, announced late Monday that it’s retiring its 50 prototype vehicles, dubbed Firefly. Waymo is shifting focus to its growing fleet of 600 Chrysler minivans, which will give rides to the general public in the Phoenix area. Firefly was unique in that it lacked a steering wheel and pedals. The Google engineers that designed it sought to reimagine the car from the ground up. The cars drove hundreds of thousands miles, and were involved in significant milestones for Google’s self-driving car program. In September 2015, Google gave a blind man in Austin the first fully driverless ride on public roads. In a memorable incident a couple months later, a Firefly was pulled over in Austin by a police officer due to its slow speed. No ticket was issued. The resulting image went viral, prompting interest in self-driving vehicles. Firefly, which looks like something out of a Richard Scarry book, was called “cute” and “adorable” in hundreds of news stories. Its pod shape and childlike features made it endearing to many. Google at one point ran a contest to allow artists to have their work displayed on Firefly’s doors. Since 2014, hundreds of government officials, journalists and driverless car enthusiasts have ridden in Firefly. The vehicle emits a subtle hum, which sounds like something from science fiction novel. But the public will never get its chance. Google’s self-driving car program has shifted toward adulthood. The program was rebranded as Waymo. It has its own CEO, John Krafcik, who brings decades of experience in automobiles. Firefly, which was limited to 25 mph and has no airbags, was no longer practical. Google’s embrace of the minivan is an acknowledgment that the self-driving cars of today will still need a steering wheel and pedals. The world isn’t quite ready for a wholesale reinvention of the automobile. Waymo will use test drivers in its Phoenix program. They’ll sit behind the wheel and monitor the vehicles to take control if needed. Waymo is making sure Firefly goes out in style. Road trips are planned to Phoenix and Austin this summer and fall. After that, a couple Fireflies will be on display at the Computer History Museum in Mountain View. Will Under Armour get a Steph Curry bump again? Boeing's new 777X flagship is coming soon. But its buyers are struggling Related Posts You can now open a Goldman Sachs account with $1 Struggle City: Most U.S. cities haven’t recovered yet AT&T to buy Time Warner in media mega-deal Citi passes stress test but BofA gets incomplete Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home become a supporter subscribe find a job jobs news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos letters editorials Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition US edition: switch to the UK edition UK switch to the US switch to the Australia edition AU switch to the International edition INT jobs holidays the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters digital newspaper archive crosswords Facebook Twitter jobs holidays sustainable business US world science US politics business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Guardian sustainable business Transport What is the future for driverless vehicles? – live chat Join us on this page on Tuesday 20 June, 12 noon-1pm (BST), to discuss the impact autonomous vehicles are set to have around the world Updated An autonomous self-driving vehicle being tested in Milton Keynes. Photograph: Justin Tallis/AFP/Getty Images Supported by About this content Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Tom Levitt @tom_levitt email Tuesday 13 June 2017 10.06 EDT First published on Tuesday 13 June 2017 09.37 EDT Key events Show 9.29am EDT 09:29 The panel 9.29am EDT 09:29 How to join and ask a question 9.29am EDT 09:29 What we'll be discussing Live feed Show 9.29am EDT 09:29 What we'll be discussing The technology and interest around driverless cars is developing fast. The co-founder of UK startup Oxbotica has said the use of autonomous vehicles for shopping, short trips, airports and warehouses is imminent. By 2025, auto manufacturers are predicting that at least half of today’s drivers are unlikely even to want to own a car. But how close are we to seeing widespread use of driverless vehicles? Can they cut congestion and make our roads safer? Will they make our lives easier, and driving more accessible? And how and where will their use emerge first? Join us and our panel of experts in the comments section of this page on Tuesday 20 June, 12 noon-1pm (BST), to discuss these questions and more. Updated at 10.06am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.29am EDT 09:29 The panel Nick Reed, academy director, TRL Susan Claris, associate director, Arup Tim Schwanen, director, Transport Studies Unit, University of Oxford Fiona Carleton, head of operational strategy, Heathrow Stan Boland, CEO, FiveAI Updated at 9.51am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.29am EDT 09:29 How to join and ask a question Make sure you’re a registered user of the Guardian and join us in the comments section below, which will open on the day of the live chat. You can send questions for the panel in advance by emailing olivia.boyd@theguardian.com or tweeting @GuardianSustBiz using the hashtag #AskGSB Updated at 10.06am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close Topics Guardian sustainable business Transport Self-driving cars Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion letters editorials sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video podcasts digital archive Guardian Sustainable Business › Robots sustainable business US world science US politics business back to top jobs become a supporter make a contribution guardian labs about us work for us contact us advertise with us solve technical issue terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop complaints & corrections all topics all contributors Facebook Twitter subscribe digital newspaper archive © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars DEV Google opens digital skills academy in London to ‘educate and inspire’ Paul Sawers@psawers June 13, 2017 6:09 AM Above: Google Academy Image Credit: Google Google has opened the doors to a new digital academy, located in the heart of London, that is designed as a hub for “educating and inspiring” everyone from school kids to company founders. The new digital space, which Google calls The Academy, will be home to “Googlers and external industry experts” who will be on hand to support a range of “educational and inspirational experiences,” including meetings, collaborative events, and workshops. The venue is complete with themed spaces, including the Electric Cinema, Beach, and Funfair auditoriums. Above: Google Academy: Electric Cinema Above: Google Academy: Beach “The Academy has been created to educate and inspire everyone from schoolchildren to CEOs as part of Google’s plans to help build digital capability across the country,” said Google’s U.K. managing director, Ronan Harris. The 40,000-square foot venue was opened to mark the annual London Tech Week event, the first since the U.K. voted to leave the European Union (EU) last June. Indeed, the city’s mayor, Sadiq Khan, opened the 2017 event by saying that Brexit won’t curtail London’s technology sector — despite many signals to the contrary. “London’s ambition to grow, harness new technologies, and build the brightest and best companies has been a constant over the last decade,” added Harris. “When the tech community, with industries ranging from fashion and music to automotives and AI, have worked in partnership with government, the mayor’s office, and passionate communities supporting startups and scaleups, new jobs have been created and London has shown it can lead the way in a competitive global environment.” Today’s announcement comes just a couple of weeks after Google submitted plans for its gargantuan new 92,000-square metre “landscraper” London HQ, with construction anticipated to kick off in 2018 and take two years to complete. VB Recommendations Nintendo Switch generated more positive E3 reactions than Microsoft Xbox One X AI Weekly: Voice is the killer interface VoiceLabs suspends its Amazon Alexa skill ad network Upcoming VentureBeat Events MB 2017 July 11 – 12 BLUEPRINT Sept 11 - 13 GamesBeat 2017 October 5 - 6
We're Sorry eNCA does not support the browser you are using. Please update Internet Explorer to version 11 or higher, or download and install the Google Chrome browser No thanks I'll take my chances ... click here to view eNCA.com in this browser. 19 °C 7 °C Johannesburg, South Africa 22 °C 6 °C Pretoria, South Africa 21 °C 11 °C Cape Town, South Africa 21 °C 9 °C Durban, South Africa 21 °C 7 °C Mbombela, South Africa 19 °C 4 °C Bloemfontein, South Africa 21 °C 7 °C Polokwane, South Africa 21 °C 13 °C Port Elizabeth, South Africa 22 °C 13 °C East London, South Africa 25 °C 7 °C Upington, South Africa 25 °C 7 °C Mahikeng, South Africa Change City Johannesburg Pretoria Cape Town Durban Mbombela Bloemfontein Polokwane Port Elizabeth East London Upington Mahikeng Newsletters News Stream TV Guide Exclusive CheckPoint: Squatting students Story The seven most extreme planets ever discovered Video WATCH: Ed Sheeran carpool karaoke Top Stories Video Radio South Africa Africa World Money Sport Technology Life Opinion Weather Interviews Podcasts Comment Now! Indonesia and Google reach tax deal Technology Tuesday 13 June 2017 - 1:26pm File: Indonesia has reached a tax settlement with Google for 2016.It is unclear if they are still locking horns over Google's taxes for other years. Photo: Tony Avelar/Bloomberg via Getty Images JAKARTA – Indonesia reached a tax settlement with Alphabet's Google for 2016, the country's finance minister said. It followed a months-long dispute over allegations that the search giant had not made enough annual payments to the government. A senior tax official had said in September that Indonesia, Southeast Asia's biggest economy, planned to pursue Google for five years of back taxes, and the company could face a bill of more than $400-million for 2015 alone if it were found to have dodged payments. READ: Google’s chrome browser to start blocking annoying ads in 2018 "We already have an agreement with them based on 2016. But we can't disclose the figure," Indonesia Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati told reporters on Tuesday. It was unclear if both sides were still locking horns over Google's taxes for other years. Google did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Indonesia was eager to ramp up tax collection to narrow its budget deficit and fund an ambitious infrastructure programme. Other governments around the world were also seeking to clamp down on what they see as corporate tax avoidance. Last year, Google agreed to pay $164 million in back taxes to settle a probe by Britain's tax authority, while Thailand was studying plans to toughen tax collection rules for Internet and technology firms. READ: In battle of digital assistants, Google heads to Apple turf According to Indonesian tax officials, most of Google's revenue generated in the country was booked at its Asia Pacific headquarters in Singapore. They also estimated that total advertising revenue for the industry in Indonesia was around $830 million, with Google and Facebook Inc accounting for around 70 percent of that. But Google pointed to a joint study by the company and Singapore state investor Temasek, that estimated the size of Indonesia's digital advertising market at $300 million for 2015. Senior executives from Google's Asia Pacific headquarters also met Indonesian tax officials in October to discuss its tax bill, a person with knowledge of the matter said. Reuters Comment Now! Discussion Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. RELATED STORIES Apple presents 'Planet of the Apps' 07 June 2017 In the 10-episode reality series, conceived by will.i.am, developers make a 60-minute pitch to a celebrity mentor. Apple unveils new Homepod speaker to challenge Google and Amazon 07 June 2017 Apple unveiled its long-awaited HomePod, enticing lovers of its products with a high-end offering in a market dominated by lower-priced devices from Amazon and Google . Google's AlphaGo beats Chinese master Jie 25 May 2017 Go is a highly complex board game dating back thousands of years that involves two contestants placing black and white stones on a grid. Trending 1EFF mum on withdrawing support for DA after Zille survives 2Wife of Lesotho PM Tom Thabane shot dead 3Taxi strike over but Santaco warns of bigger protest if demands not met 4Scientists excited about new womens HIV prevention ring 5Chamber of Mines to ask court to stop implementation of new Mining Charter Full coverage The Trump Presidency US Senate approves new sanctions on Russia, Iran State capture - the Gupta link? Buthelezi denies involvement in dodgy contracts Boko Haram Nigerian army rejects grounds for war crimes probe Guard our children Police excavate KZN beach in search of #GertvanRooyen victims View All Cartoon Currencies Commodities JSE Indices US Dollar 12.8525 0.0495 GB Pound 16.4237 0.0302 Euro 14.3383 0.0434 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. ICE Brent Crude $ 46.79 -0.23 Gold $ 1254.29 0.07 Platinum $ 923.5 0.11 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. FTSE/JSE Top 40 45084.85 0 FTSE/JSE All Share 51489.15 0 FTSE/JSE Resource 10 29888.51 0 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. SECTIONS Top Stories South Africa Africa World Money Sport Life Technology Opinion SHOWS #Africa Against All Odds BackChat CheckPoint eNCA Afrikaans eNCA isiZulu eNews Direct eShibobo Judge For Yourself Maggs on Media Meet the Media with Eusebius Mckasier Moneyline The Justice Factor The Clinch Week In One ABOUT About Contact Jobs News Team Privacy Policy Press Releases Licensing Discussions Policy Advertise on eNCA.com WATCH US ON DSTV 403 e.tv africa eNews Direct eNuus Kyknet FOLLOW US ON Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feeds © 2016 eNews Channel Africa. All rights reserved NEWS STREAMclose View All News Stream 0 eNCA.com would like to send you push notifications. Notifications can be turned off any time in your browser settings. Yes, please. No, thanks. You have been registered for browser notifications Click here to find out how to turn notifcations off in browser settings. Close
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Startups LATEST NEWS Last month was second hottest May on record: NASA Japan PM Shinzo Abe under fire over shady dealings claims Americans will not be intimidated by assaults on democracy: Donald Trump CBI raids Delhi Deputy CM Manish Sisodia’s house: Report Amit Shah arrives in Maharashtra; to meet Uddhav Thackeray Presidential election: Rajnath Singh, Venkaiah Naidu meet Sonia Gandhi Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz SME Sector Startups Policy & Trends Biz Listings Entrepreneurship Money Security-Tech TechnologySecurity Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleLegalSmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development ET Home›Small Biz›Startups 12:26 PM | 16 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,10933.63 NIFTY 50 9,58911.35 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,750-18.00 USD/INR 64.610.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW We want to invest $50 million in India over the next 2-3 years: Rubrik CEO Bipul Sinha By Sneha Jha , ETCIO | Jun 13, 2017, 05.53 PM IST Post a Comment Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You Founded in 2014 by engineers from Google, Facebook, Oracle, enterprise startup Rubrik has developed the world’s first Cloud Data Management platform for data protection, search, analytics, archival and copy data management for hybrid-cloud enterprises. Rubrik's architecture not only enables safety of secondary data but it provides access to dynamic application data almost saved like a timeline for faster access and enterprise decision making. The company has created a lot of IP. Their funding now stands at USD 290 million, after closing series D. Its bookings are approaching $100M run-rate in just 6 quarters of selling. Sneha Jha caught up with Bipul Sinha, Co-founder & CEO of Rubrik during his recent visit to India to discuss how Rubrik’s growth story is unfolding. Let's start off by helping CIOs understand what Rubrik does. How did you come up with the idea of founding the startup? As an enterprise startup, what is the problem you have set out to solve? We are a three -year- old startup based in Palo Alto. Founded by former Google, Facebook and Oracle engineers, Rubrik is a new-gen converged data management provider that aims to replace conventional storage. Rubrik helps enterprises bring their static data to life. Fundamentally, Rubrik does away with all the point products (backup server, backup proxies, replication, accelerators, deduplication, disk storage, tape, off-site storage) that are necessarily involved in conventional backup and recovery systems. It replaces them with a single-box, converged backup and globally deduplicated storage, in one package. Instead of storing big files on machines in the data center, Rubrik enables customers to back up the information digitally and put it to work. The company's data management product works across the various clouds and in servers on site to let businesses see how, where and by whom data is being used. Rubrik is tailor made for enterprises that use apps and data stored across mixed environments that entails on-premises services and services in the public cloud. It provides a way to retrieve data from storage models in equally fast times. Rapid innovation through seven major product releases, supporting 14 different physical, virtual and cloud platforms has contributed to our growth. I want to drill into the value proposition that Rubrik offers its enterprise customers? Essentially, if you look at the data management today it includes the data backup and recovery, disaster recovery and data archiving. The product and technology that enterprises needed for all of this require them to buy 3-4 types of hardware and software technology to put the solution together and connect to the public cloud. All the technology that they were buying was not native to the cloud. As a result, they could not leverage the native cloud architecture. Rubrik collapses these different components of data management including backup software, application software, storage target media servers including, proxy servers into a single software solution that we package as an appliance for the on premises and sell for native cloud applications. It’s a single software fabric for businesses to manage their data on-premise as well as in the cloud. It helps CIOs simplify the backup and recovery infrastructure which is a massive challenge. CIOs today want to reduce the on-premise infrastructure and manage more of the public cloud and secure the whole environment and Rubrik helps in all these three areas. The unique value proposition of Rubrik is the simplicity of the solution. Instead of buying 4-5 different pieces of hardware and software technology you can just invest in Rubrik. Simplicity and cloud-native capabilities are our greatest strengths. If you look at the cloud model pushing data in the cloud is free, keeping data on the cloud is relatively cheap but pulling data back from the cloud is where the high costs are involved. Rubrik data management in the cloud creates a full index of every data in the cloud so if users want they can pull a single file out of large application thereby avoiding the cost of a large data transfer pack from the cloud so essentially Rubrik allows customers to push an ice block into the cloud and pull an ice cube out of it. Rubrik automates discovery of your virtualized and physical environment, such as VMs, databases, and file sets, for easy and quick setup. It provides ease-of- use as you can set backup, replication, archival and cloud orchestration policies through Rubrik’s intelligent SLA policy engine. Manage data through a single HTML-5 interface across data centers and clouds. It helps enterprises reduce RTOs from hours to just minutes. Do recovery testing in just minutes. Out global search provides instant granular accessibility of data, whether it’s on the appliance or in the cloud. Our customers have cut their TCO in half. Customers typically achieve immediate 30-50% CapEx savings by eliminating hardware and software. Management simplicity amplifies savings over time while freeing resources up for innovation. We have the ability to create on-demand visualization reports of all your data across the enterprise and the ability to create data automation orchestration with a single software fabric. Rubrik Envision allows enterprises to create, customize, and share platform analytics on consumption, compliance, and more, across a multi-cloud environment. Our goal is that wherever you run your applications whether it is on-premise, in your data center or if you want to leverage the public cloud Rubrik provides you a solution to holistically manage your data wherever your application runs. Deployments across multiple clouds and on-premise services are very much the norm for many businesses, with more than 80 percent of all organizations opting for hybrid solutions that incorporate their legacy systems as well as newer platforms. Now, Rubrik can run directly on AWS and Azure cloud platforms so enterprises that run apps or store data on these platforms can now run Rubrik in the cloud to index, back up and recover everything. Can you share some examples to show how enterprise customers are leveraging Rubrik? JLL, a Fortune 500 professional services and investment management firm, deployed multiple Rubrik Converged Data Management appliances to deliver backup, recovery and replication for its production environment After being hit by a ransomware attack, Langs Building Supplies, a leading supplier of timber products in Australia, was able to thwart the threat and restore its data without paying a ransom thanks to Rubrik; Balance Innovations delivers a cloud service platform to help retailers transform their currency operations, and Rubrik helps keep them at the forefront of retail with a flexible and scalable cloud data management platform. I am interested in understanding the competitive landscape in which Rubrik operates. Enterprise data management is a $ 50 billion market. Our prominent competitors in the area of enterprise backup services include EMC, CommVault, and Veritas. We are targeting our new generation cloud-native backup and recovery software to replace older products from these industry rivals. We have an architectural edge. Our product is built with the cloud in mind. This is where our traditional competitors lag behind because their products are not cloud native. They have only been acquiring companies to add on cloud capabilities. We offer efficiency, economics, streamlining of operations and instant data recovery. Our competitors cannot deliver such capabilities. But we believe that we have a unique technology which is tailor-made for this market. Our ability to create a single software fabric is the direct result of the core infrastructure platform that we have built in Rubrik. We are continuing to accelerate the features of our platform as we are addressing large swathes of the market. We have a core architectural advantage where we secure your data in a seamless manner whether it is at rest, on premise on in flight to the cloud. Your data is secured everywhere. We have built APIs for the third party tools to interact with Rubrik. Can you give us a sense of business opportunities in the Indian market? We are investing in India as a central part of our expansion policy. Two months ago, we got Ashish Gupta on board to head of our India operations. Ashish brings 20 years of technology experience split across the US and India. He was most recently VP of Engineering at Flipkart where he founded the Retail Technology group helping drive revenue growth from $50 million/year to $1 billion/year in 5 years. Previously, Ashish built and led the India R&D Center for Firetide, a Silicon Valley-based wireless startup. We started the India operations mainly to look at the commercial business in India as well as tap into the product engineering talent and build a core product development center to create a product for the global market to complement the Rubrik product portfolio as we scale the company. We want to accelerate efforts in product engineering and sales. The India development center of Rubrik under Ashish Gupta's leadership will focus on Multi-cloud Workload Protection and Portability, Disaster Recovery, and Predictive Failure Detection. Currently, we have 12- strong team in India but we aim to double the number in a month’s time. We want to invest $50 million over the next 2-3 years. We are committed to building our engineering and product development center in India. We want to create new products and IPs from India. We want to learn from Indian CIOs in terms of the unique challenges they are facing as they help their business grow. We want to create solutions and products for them. Comments(0)Add Comments We want to invest $50 million in India over the next 2-3 years: Rubrik CEO Bipul Sinha To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter READ MORE ONrubrikData WarehousingCloud Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas Help this Lorry Driver save his Baby Daughter Milaap 15 Most Beautiful Women In The World CrazyFreelancerMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Blast rocks kindergarten in China, casualties reported Metro man E Sreedharan NDA’s nominee for Presidential poll? Golf-Defending champion Johnson off-target at U.S. Open From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Choose a home from across 12 cities in India GODREJ PROPERTIES Hit big savings on insurance with State Farm® State Farm Insurance Someone Finally Brought Discount Warehouse Pricing to Wire.. MintSim Test Your Knowledge of the Latest DevOps Practices Microsoft Donald Trump backs H-1B reforms bill: US lawmaker Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years High-speed rail to boost India-Japan trade ties: PM Modi 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Ravi Adusumalli - India’s most-successful tech investor you haven’t heard of Infosys, Wipro, other IT companies exploring 'uberisation of workforce' Flipkart invites rival Amazon India to fight a bigger foe Share sale in India’s internet companies like Flipkart, Paytm to new investors provides breather to VC firms GST Impact: What happens to auto loans from July 1 More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Nokia 6 Top 10 mutual funds|GST BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... The largest of Google's 2017 devices, codenamed 'Taimen,' may be built by LG Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/12 8:32pm PDTJun 12, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 4 Share on Facebook 7 Share on Twitter Total Shares25 Google Leaks LG News Back in March, we learned that Google may be working on a third device for 2017, called 'Taimen' (Google traditionally names products after fish). This third model would be bigger than the next Pixel and Pixel XL, codenamed 'Walleye' and 'Muskie' respectively. It's not known for sure that Taimen will be a larger Pixel phone, just that it will be larger in size than Walleye and Muskie. Earlier today, we reported that Muskie has likely been cancelled, leaving Walleye and Taimen the only phones Google will reveal this year. Now it seems that Taimen may be manufactured by LG. 9to5Google spotted an issue on the Google Issue Tracker, titled 'USB PD Compliance Failure.' The second comment on the report seems to reveal that Taimen is being manufactured by LG, with the device being called "G011C" in the linked power report. Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X. Considering that the bootlooping Nexus 5X is still fresh on consumers' minds, with a lawsuit currently pending, it seems hard to believe that Google would be welcome to LG making another device. Personally, I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacturer (my Nexus 5 and 5X both died after about a year of use), but let us know what you think in the comments. Via: 9to5Google Tags bootloop Google LG taimen subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Logitech Harmony Elite only $250 at Amazon and Best Buy ($100 off) ... Next Story Logitech announces Circle 2 home security cameras—weatherproof, wired or wireless, and ... Trending 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments james fuston Can't agree. My Nexus 5 was fantastic and I'm totally fine with LG manufacturing a Pixel. Snowsky Mountain I'm hoping that even if there was a problem with some LG phones like the G4, they've fixed it by now with the V20 and G6. Those seem like (relatively) stable phones, at least compared to the G4 and V10. JSo I'm currently using a v10 after my Nexus 5X died. I'm scared for it every day now. Lol Randroid V20 still has the same issue: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The G6 hasn't been out long enough for us to know yet. (The 5X generally bootloops around the 13 month mark) Anthony Castanza Same, LG made the Nexus 4 and Nexus 5, two of the best phones I've ever owned, I'm willing to give them another chance. james fuston Not to mention the level of support Google offers on Nexus/Pixel phones is far superior to working directly with OEMs like LG. The Nexus (later Pixel) support team is easily one of the best customer support interactions I've ever had. aRvInD Everything was fine till Nexus 5. Other issues like Power button prob etc maybe there but LG was doing well in making compact phones, until phones #bootloop. If LG explicitly agrees this #bootloop issue and positively declares they've fixed this issue, like Samsung did with Note 7 battery explosion story on S8, I will be glad to hope on them... I have hope because my LG Nexus 4, still works nice/flawless for almost 5 years!... Giampi Had a Nexus 5 and sold to buy OPO (worst decision ever). I've had 2 5X (the first died because it fell into the toilet by my lovely son hands and the second one is working perfectly). Using a Pixel now but just because I wanted some new toy. c00ller Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information. Your positive experience with the Nexus 5 is obsolete and unrepresentative of the more recent LG manufactured devices such as the Nexus 5X (mentioned in the post, guess you didn't bother to click on the relevant link) and the G4. Get informed by checking out /r/Nexus5X for example (there is a stickied post titled, "Bootloop megathread 2.0" for crying out loud). After just a few minutes of browsing it should be crystal clear why most Nexus 5X owners will forever avoid LG (and dissuade their friends/family from choosing LG as well). BFRC As you might know, there is a very large gap between individual 5X devices. I have used the Nexus 5, and currently running the 5X, and both of these devices have worked flawlessly over the last few years. My gf has my N5 and is still using it, also satisfied with its performance. Because of it, there is a large split in confidence with LG for newer devices; I would still consider getting a new LG phone if I wouldn't be aware of the mass issues, whereas many others would definitely stay away from anything they'd produce. Jerzy Michał Pawlak My Nexus 5X bootlooped 13 months after purchase... so what? LG fixed it quickly and without fuss (we have 2 years manufacturer's warranty here) and the phone works great again. Problems can happen with every manufacturer (my old Samsung Note 2 bootlooped 4 months after purchase, due to faulty RAM) and LG has shown good quality of service in this case. Large_Hadron The other posters' experience of the Nexus 5 is relevant because the author of the article cited the 5 as one of the reasons they would avoid a LG-built Pixel. Actually I know several people who are still using Nexus 5s. I've only ever seen a 5X in the wild once. The G6 would be the obvious device to watch if you want information on LG's recent manufacturing, as that will be 6 months old by the time the next Pixels are released (I've not seen reports of it having problems yet, but let's give it a few more months). Ryan We get it, we know. But one phone (after all, the 5x is just a warmed over G4) being a screw-up doesnt negate they had a few years of greatness. Maybe they can get back there if they learn from their mistakes. james fuston Ah yeah, I forgot to mention my G6 is also great. hope that makes my opinion less "obsolete" in your mind. Raz My N5 is still going strong and I use it every day as my spare device. My wife and mother-in-law are using their N5X for more than one year without any issues. Don't discount a manufacturer for some bad phones. Samsung still owns a decent share of the Android market and are one of the few companies that had a device banned on most US flights. Just saying. FoxBJK Subreddits around old phones really don't have much to focus on years after the phone was released. Are 5 and 5x owners supposed to hop over to those subs just to say "My phone's working great, sorry you're all having trouble"? It wouldn't go well. What else are they supposed to talk about that wouldn't apply to other, more general subreddits? It's not a fair assessment to look at those subs, and it's just condescending to say someone's wrong because their phone still works, and they don't know anyone with boot loop issues. I don't know anyone personally suffering from those either, so am I wrong when I say the 5x was a solid device for the price? james fuston Pretty much this. Product-centric subreddits are, in my experience, 90% people who are having a really bad time (outside of the first month of a product launch, where they're all "GOT MY SHIPPING CONFIRMATION!!1!") instinct I was an LG fan after the Nexus 5 and the G2 and G3. I got burned with a G4 (bootloop) but stayed with LG for the G5 for removable battery. It's been a good phone so far, but I am not as big of a fan as I used to be. My brothers 5X and my friends G4's both bootlooped. However, if it's another Nexus 5, I'd probably get it. My favorite phone ever. Nick Coad "Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information." You are lacking current information as well, for example you don't know how many 5Xs were actually affected by the bootloop as a percentage of the overall units sold. I'm not saying the problem is not serious, or even that it is not widespread BUT what I am saying is WE DON'T KNOW how many units had the problem, so any declaration about the prevalence of the issue is based on conjecture, including yours. A subreddit especially is the most ridiculous source to cite for evidence of anything, especially a manufacturing defect, given that only users experiencing the problem are going to be posting. You have no idea how many users are out there using their Nexus 5Xs without issue (like me and a couple of my friends, for example). xyz No, thanks. Reddit is cancer. stirfry Hmmm. LG recently announced 2 year warranties, so it would appear they are standing behind their products. I will definitely be purchasing a LG Pixel 2. My hysterical friends can stuff their dissuasion. rebretz000 I still have my Nexus 5X and I never had any bootloop issues. If the new Pixel XL looks like the LG G6 I will be all over it. Randroid So many of LG's phones bootloop that there's a wikipedia page for "LG smartphone bootloop issues" that contains a list of LG phones that bootloop: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues I will not be buying another LG phone any time soon. ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ...until it boot loops XD VAVAMk_2 Mine still works thomas sim My nexus 5 not affected by infamous bootloop, but another infamous issue of power button failed after one year, replaced it cheap. Replaced battery recently and now in drawer as backup phone. My friend's 5X not so lucky though. Lost confidence on LG already. Ahmad El-Ibrahim It is scary to think LG would be manufacturing. Google really wants​ people to pick up Pixel Protect. Daniel That must be some tasty cereal.... AK Don't worry guys, it'll all be ok. This is not Nexus. This is Pixel. "Made by Google" Pixel. SomeGuy112 True, if LG is just the manufacturer and Google designs and engineers everything, there's hope. DragoCubed Isn't the comment you replied to sarcastic? SomeGuy112 Could be, too hard to tell since the Pixel devices have better build quality than the last two Nexus devices. Midnitte Doesn't matter how well something is engineered if it's put together with duct tape. SomeGuy112 Valid point. Duder12 My Pixel has been solid as fuck. Jealous? AK No, mine has served me well also... silzazsyh i think your post SOUNDED too sarcastic, but it's accurate because the pixels are great AK My bad, wasn't supposed to be. xyz Of all the things to envy other people for, a fucking phone isn't one of them. Get a life. Dirge Pass. Nicholas Matranga I had two Nexus 5xs bootloop. No thanks LG! vineeth pulipati That's a software issue though, not lg's fault caerestapermitido No. Kieron Quinn Ah yes, a software fault that happens regardless of Android version, and happens to many other LG phones too. Seems legit. Randroid Look at reddit.com/r/nexus5x a quick look into a few posts there will tell you that it is NOT software related. People blamed it on Nougat, but mine bootlooped while still on 6.0.1. Also relevant: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Snowsky Mountain Maybe it's so that it can have a bezel-less screen? I think HTC said they weren't able to reduce bezels because they were a smaller OEM, so maybe Google's going with LG because of that. heitor dude, i got a nexus 5 since 2013 and it's still handling things pretty fine. LG does a great job, you're talking shit Gjorgi Lazarovski Do you by chance have a g4, g5, v10, v20 or a 5X? If not your comment makes no sense since bootloop issues were being reported from the g4 onwards. Corbin Davenport Why would I lie about my phone dying? The power button got stuck, and it happened to a ton of people. Just do a search for "nexus 5 power button". https://www.ifixit.com/Answers/View/208337/How+do+I+fix+a+Nexus+5+Power+Button+Issue https://www.reddit.com/r/Nexus5/comments/2rpfuj/nexus_5_broken_power_button_keeps_rebooting/ https://forum.xda-developers.com/google-nexus-5/general/nexus-5-power-button-broken-heres-to-t3049747 https://protyposis.net/blog/replacing-the-nexus-5-power-button/ https://flothesof.github.io/fixing-Nexus5-power-button.html https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/nexus/XwJA0gi4tco Duder12 Whats ridiculous is you are just assuming that LG will have the same level of involvement with the Pixel 2 as they did with the Nexus 5x. The Nexus 5x was a partner device. For all we know LG is nothing but a Foxconn for the Pixel 2 Randroid Problem is that ALL recent devices made by LG are bootlooping, not just the 5X: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Randroid How about the bootloop issues on all of their recent phones? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues D13H4RD2L1V3 Mmmm, fishy cereal SomeGuy112 Google is trading fat bezels for bootloops, would rather have the fat bezels and better build quality from HTC. Rohan J Singh Best news all week .. lg any day over htc. If it's htc then mostly it will be based off u11 type shitty front design. Randroid I'm just gunna leave this here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Rohan J Singh Ofcourse they are going to work on it if they aim to compete with apple which they are Randroid Work on what? The bootloop issue that has been plaguing them for their last 5 releases? Yeah, you go ahead and be part of their test group. Let me know when your device bootloops. Rohan J Singh If i do buy this i will reply to you here, Bookmarked ! Orion Exactly! cadtek91 I dunno what the big deal is. LG and HTC are just manufacturers, like Foxconn is to Apple. Google has final say on design, schematics, layouts, testing, BOMs, components. SomeGuy112 Let's hope that's the case this year, the OG Pixel looks surprisingly simlar to other HTC designs, rumor was HTC gave Google a HTC phone template to base the original Pixel off of because they needed something fast due to a deal gone bad with Huawei, of course that's just a rumor though This year they had lots of time, so hopefully the design is somewhat more unique. Luxferro Don't forget the 6P's battery shutdown issues too. cadtek91 Yeah, that's Hauwei's fault though, not LG's. Patriciaahenry Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dg155c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dg155c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs445DirectGroupsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dg155c:....,.... Chris Thurber Why did you only work 90 hours in the last four weeks if you're making that much per hour? Why not work a normal 80 hour work week?? You'd be a millionaire? Hmm?? HMM??? Luxferro Re-read your initial comment, and tell me why your comment applies to the nexus 5, 5X, but not 6P. demarcmj The point of his original comment was that there is (or should be) a difference between Nexus devices and Pixel devices W.R.T. the role of the manufacturer. Meaning that the problems experienced on Nexus phones need not necessarily deter customers from a Pixel because in this case (theoretically) the phone is being designed by Google and the manufacturer is just building to print. VAVAMk_2 Crap batteries from Huawei. Can confirm. Once replaced they run fine. Luxferro I think part of the issue is Google and could be software too. The phone communicates with the battery over I2C bus. If the phone is at 30% battery, and all of a sudden it powers off and won't turn back on until you connect to a charger for a split second while you press the power button. Then it boots back up with 30% then why did it turn off? Did the cells go into some protection mode? Did the battery say we're running low and tell android to power off? Did the phone mis-interpret I2C communication and think it needs to turn off. I'm sure google could narrow down the problem if they actually looked at it - just monitor the I2C traffic to and from the battery. It's their phone... they sold and marketed it. Nope.jpeg I guess they all have pretty back customer support, so that doesn't matter, either. Large_Hadron The original Pixels had a lot more HTC design in them than Google's marketing would like you to think. I don't think it's a secret that they were a bit of a rush job (though they've overall held up pretty well despite that). Of course they shouldn't be a rush this time, so probably "designed by Google" will be more accurate this time. But I can still understand reservations if people have reason to distrust a particular manufacturer. Randroid Here's a list of LG phones that bootloop (Including the 5x): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The problem is with something at LG and the way they manufacturer their devices. They all bootloop. (All recent models at least) xyz Anything they can do to avoid blaming their precious Google. If the phone has the Google logo on it, then any problems with it are Google's fault. James Briano I'm going to have another look at that "Essential" phone Luxferro I think I'm buying that too. I have mine reserved. Time to try something new than a Google phone. Bombaglad the only thing bugging me about that phone is the absence of amoled wjrandon I never had a problem with my Nexus 5. Frankly I welcome LG over HTC. Considering the publicity of their past hardware problems I'm sure LG's engineers would make sure not to repeat any past mistakes. Bring on that massive 6 inch display. My body is ready! phineasjw I've always bought a new Android phone every two years, however similar to desktops, we've reached mobile CPU performance saturation. I've got a Nexus 6P and really feel no need to upgrade to a new $750 phone with only slightly better performance when the 6P is still blazing along. We'll see what the next Pixel iteration brings.. needa Buy a battery or two now, while you can still get OEM quality. You can thank me later. DragoCubed I'm still using my S4 :P WitnessG This kills the hype. Its hard to trust LG with their flaky past of bad quality. Luxferro The Nexus 6P has similar issues with it's battery... Henry Park That doesn't excuse LG in anyway shape or form, especially since G4 G5 V10 V20 all had similar boot looping problems. Manny Fleurmond V20? I own a V20 and have no problems Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues George famous last words... VAVAMk_2 Huawei used crappy quality batteries that degrade after a year. Replace the battery and it runs great again. I did. Roy But here Google design the phone, so it's different. JSo My Nexus 5X died on me. But my Nexus 5 still runs good. Go figure. I loved both phones though. Curtis Bond I'd sure as hell take LG over HTC. michael interbartolo Lg stepped up and fixed my wife's 5x at 13 months (though did take about 6 weeks) and my 5x at 18 months (turn around was a mere week) so hopefully they learned from their mistakes. portalpirate Poor HTC. Aaron Makes me wonder if the Pixel supply problem wasn't due to production issues at HTC. virk With a dead Nexus 5 and 5X lying around, I'm done with LG. Max If it looks somewhat similar to the G6 shape, keeps the Pixel smoothness and they don't make the mistake of making it larger than a S8+ then they'll have my money for sure! Dan Franchini An LG G6 with an SD 835 and pure Android. Sign me up. Bombaglad they'd need to revive old motorola for that (not the nonsense "moto" they've become under lenovo) Max Johnson I'm not concerned, doesn't seem to be a problem with the G5 and going forward. Bombaglad yeah, the g5 sucked, but didn't bootloop.... OR DID IT?! Christopher Bement Biased much? My N4 and G6 have been flawless, but like you, that's my experience. tim242 For fuck's sake. There is a class actin lawsuit over the issue. Duder12 Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. Randroid Problem is, Google will only perform the replacement if you bought the phone from the Google Store or from Project Fi. If you purchased it anywhere else, you have to go through LG. Luckily I purchased mine from Fi, so when mine bootlooped I got a replacement relatively quickly. destinyhud i know u think u r trying to over smart others but u need to stop. there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid I was referencing the current state of things with the 5x. The comment that I was replying to was talking about Google doing well with the 5x replacements, my comment was specifically about 5x replacements, and is 100% true in that context. Google HAS done a great job with replacements, but LG has NOT. The fact that Google is good at replacing LG's crappy phones is NOT a reason for me to buy a phone that is made by a company that is known for its shoddy hardware. Go ahead and buy more LG stuff. Have fun when it bootloops like the rest of them. destinyhud u r trying to troll with ur comments. u replied to this "Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. " I think u need to get a life. we all know it bootloops but what u r doing is childishly silly Randroid How is that trolling? I'm pointing out facts. Google is good about providing replacements for LG's screw-up; LG is not good at it. "we all know it bootloops" - no, if you read the comments on this page, not everyone knows it bootloops. destinyhud pointing out on every posts?? thats exactly why i said u r trolling with ur childishly silly troll post Ryan Cottrell Weren't all the rumors a year ago saying HTC signed a 2 year, 3 phone contract? Also, maybe they'll have LG make one with a bigger screen, a la G6 since it will minimize component costs, and HTC will make a normal, upgrade from current, Pixel. Si vis pacem, para bellum Given that LG makes the second best smartphone of 2017 so far after the S8, this is good news. Up until now I have never been able to buy any Nexus/Pixel smartphone or tablet in part because most of them weren't even sold here in Western Europe and in part because most of the time there always was some deal breaking spec (especially battery and storage related) and/or lack of some important feature, but I hope that can change soon. Until then, Google will continue to be totally irrelevant on the "hardware side" of the market. iKon It can never be the best phone of 2017, with a 2016 processer. Mike Bastable Well someone certainly has a beef with LG. Simply the most stupid article I have ever read here. Biased and ridiculous. Make me think that A.P. is doing on quality control and impartiality. Piss poor. whispy_snippet Mate. Calm down. Mike Bastable Zen here. However some of the recent articles seem like the ranting of Fanboys (usually found in the comments section) instead of researched articles. A.P is becoming less essential as a result, which is a shame. whispy_snippet Someone's ranting anyway. needa They are all becoming less essential. Nowadays it doesn't really matter what phone you buy... it's going to be a good one. At least AP dives into the code and gets their hands a bit dirty. Everyone else is either a corporate sellout like AC, has terrible page load times due to the ads like AA, or just copy pastes press releases and takes the weekend off like DL. Mike Bastable Points well made Sir_Brizz My Nexus 5 remains my favorite phone of all time. I would love to see a new device with similar design language. whispy_snippet Same here. I have a Pixel now but my old N5 still works! c00ller The number of strong, uninformed, and stubborn opinions in this comments section is a sad reminder of the state of society in general whispy_snippet If we see a hodge podge split design approach with the Pixel I'll be very surprised (and disappointed). DragoCubed It was a lazy design. Flint_PS I don't mind. I've had a Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and am currently using a Nexus 5X. Good phones (although not without faults, obviously), and LG warranty support is pretty great where I live. needa I don't know why you would stay away, unless LG is designing the Pixel from the ground up like they did the Nexus devices. LoE Am I the only one in the world with a perfectly working Nexus 5X? And a perfectly working Nexus 4 before that? I would welcome another LG phone. JD You sir have the unicorn. lomsha Some hope for reduced bezels then lol. Oliver Cervera ✔ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ My Nexus 5 is still rocking, Nexus 5X bootlooping :( Lawstorant Aaaaaaand my interest suddenly dropped to 0. Rohan My nexus 4 worked perfectly till I sold it early this year Dmitry Stepanushkin Same, but wife threw it on floor in underground train station, and screen became unusable. Last thing I did erased it remotely, then it bootlooped and I force powered it off and it went to recycle bin. tmartin yes, mine still runs well (for a phone as old as it is, of course). My N5X started boot looping a few months ago and I brought out my N4 for the month it took LG to fix the 5X. Needless to say, at this point I need a finger print sensor, but the N4 worked well and felt so great in my hand compared to the 5X. Rohan I would instantly get one, jsut for looks if they released a nexus Mini or something with upgrades specs and N4 design. I absolutely loved that phone. Jas Kapadia The leaks are coming! "itshappening.gif" Also thumbs up for that header image. Too good. Dmitry Stepanushkin Add "spoiler alert"😀 Duncan Booth My Nexus 5 got unreliable GPS after nearly 2 years, but was replaced under warranty. My Nexus 5X died completely after 18 months but was replaced under warranty. It's great getting a new phone paid for by Google every couple of years, so as long as they're happy to go with LG I won't have any complaints. Dmitry Stepanushkin Unfortunately not everyone able to get replacement. It FeelsBadMan when thing suddenly breaks and bought somewhere on Ebay. I prefer phones without known major defects over being able to maybe get replacement some day. Rob I'm still using my Nexus 5, and still love it. I won't buy another phone until someone makes a decent one with stock Android that's no bigger. Lucas Araujo Great news! If this is true, there is a chance that the new Pixel can be launched here in Brazil since HTC left the country a few years ago. I guess that you had some very bad luck with your Nexus's devices. I had a Nexus 4, 5 and 5x (my current phone). All of them are still working despite the cracked screen (my fault) and the power button not working properly on the N5. Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues TechGuy22 That's why there's a rumor about bezel being slim since HTC can't make good looking devices anymore Chris You kidding? Nexus 5 was absolutely amazing. yann933 Well considering my 5x just died this Friday, I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;) Looks like the Taimen will be getting 2 years of warranty guys!!!! /s Randroid Google only handles replacements if you bought from Google (or Project Fi.) People who bought from LG, their carrier, or any other source have to go through LG and some are waiting months for a replacement. I, on the other hand, did buy from Fi and got a replacement within about a week. destinyhud there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid As with my other comment, this was specifically talking about 5x replacements. NOT Pixel replacements. Still will never buy another LG phone because I don't want to HAVE to replace my phone when it bootloops. destinyhud no S/he was talking about pixel replacement. read again. his old phone died and "I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;)" Randroid has no problem even if it bootloops but u seem to have a problem with it. 4Ui812 I'm not sure it's the hardware that you have to worry about regarding any new Pixel (fixel) phone as much as it is the software. Randroid If it's made by LG, hardware is what you need to be worried about: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues 4Ui812 My first touch screen phone was a LG (can't remember the name of it) I bought (used) on eBay and never had a issue with it. I've also owned a LG DVD burner (still have it) and a tv in the past. I've only had a few experiences with LG products but every experience had been great. Maybe the company isn't so great anymore ? Randroid Yeah, things change. I *loved* LG's flip phones back in the day. I wouldn't buy a phone if it wasn't LG. But then when smart phones came out the quality was always lacking. Now that they've (kinda) caught up in quality as far as performance is concerned, other issues have popped up. I bought the 5X forgetting that it was made by LG. I honestly probably wouldn't have purchased it even back then if I had realized that fact. LG has never been on the top of the list for smart phones. They were alright for a time, but never on the top. PhantomGamers FWIW I got an OG Nexus 5 on release and it's still running pretty strong, my dad is using it now. Only issue is that the battery dies really fast now, might try and swap it out. Dmitry Stepanushkin I using mine as second phone. All good except battery and some lags coz "only" 2GB of RAM. ROB Be careful with swapping the battery... I killed mine... very depressing. It was a great phone. kamiller42 Cute picture. Spread the hate. I wonder if Samsung articles will be accompanied with images of roasted and burnt marshmallows. Naaaahh. someone755 No because that didn't happen on a mass scale and saw Samsung release a hardware revision that would get swapped out for consumers free of charge, and then later a software update that would render the devices useless. Samsung publicly acknowledged and apologized for the issue and worked together with people and companies to prevent further damage. LG, on the other hand, refuses to even put out a statement to either confirm or deny that the bug exists, despite having several lawsuits launched against them in recent history. The bugs affect many more people than Samsung's battery issue. Samsung should be praised or at least be given a pass because of the way they handled the situation. LG should be shamed both because it's basically stealing from its customers as well as for the waste their dead phones are generating. kamiller42 Samsung handled the issue. Claimed the issue was limited, claimed a fix which wasn't, and several more burned. I think Samsung did handle as best they could, but don't whitewash the event. Exploding phones is far more serious than boot loops. Yet, don't see AP dogging them. Also, not everyone is experiencing boot loops. someone755 Not everyone experienced a burning battery. My point is, and I think you know that, that Samsung reacted to the problem quickly and did several things about it. It may not have been perfect (it certainly wasn't), but it is commendable. LG's attitude is despicable and appalling. Randroid Samsung had 1 phone with an issue, and they quickly addressed it. LG currently has 5, and they still have yet to even try to address the issue. (I say "currently" because there isn't enough data to make a decision about some of their more recent releases.) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues kamiller42 Too quickly addressed. Huh? Recalled, said it was fixed, and then recalled again. No boot loop ever threatened anyone's life. Am I right? I think the Boot Loops cartoon and burnt marshmallows image are infantile. Randroid No bootloop ever threatened anyone's life? I guess you haven't been in an emergency situation without a cell phone. People whose phone have bootlooped are taking MONTHS to be replaced. A lot can happen when you're without a means of contact for 3 months. And again, they're still not comparable. Samsung quickly recalled the product when they found out about the issues. Yes, they messed up by rushing out a replacement that had a similar issue, but then (again) QUICKLY issued another recall. LG has known about these issues for YEARS and has done nothing to remedy them. kamiller42 Which would you rather have in your pocket, a boot looping phone or an exploding one? Randroid Neither, I'd rather the company take responsibility for the problem (like Samsung did) and return my broken phone. Instead, I've got a phone in my pocket that is waiting to bootloop at any time because they replaced it with the same device instead of giving me a device that has no issues. kamiller42 You're talking about response. I'm talking about the problems. I'll take the looping phone. You can keep the burnt leg. demarcmj "Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X." I'm confused by this line. Has the manufacturer of the "Walleye" been leaked yet? Patrick Smithopolis All the tech sites are pretty sure it's HTC. It was reported last year that HTC has an agreement with Google to manufacture the Pixel phones for two or three years. charlie Jason Hopefully LG is capable of making phones with thin bezels, unlike HTC. destinyhud did u miss the G6??? why hopefully? they can make one matteventu I had all the intentions to change my 128GB Pixel XL for the "Pixel XL 2" (or whatever it will be called, regardless of screen size - if not bigger than 6"), but £800 for some LG crap, no thanks, Google you're not going to see my money. Marcelove "I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacture" Yeah, let's buy chinese-slave-labor-made-phone from Xiaomi, Huawei and others instead... blindexecutioner My slave built OnePlus 3T is probably the best built phone I've ever used. You'd think those other manufacturer's could get it right if they're using higher paid free-living adults. Alex Kruger Before people start freaking out about LG, they fixed the design flaw that was leading to boot looping. They no longer have the battery and processor next to each other, they're in separate sides of the phone (processor is on top and the battery is in the bottom) with a heat pipe in between. They started doing this with the G6, which has not suffered and major boot looping issues, and has sold significantly better that the G5 and (I believe) the V10 and V20. I, and many tech bloggers (including Android Police) have been really impressed with the G6 and how well it's aging. Randroid You mean the G6 that release 2 months ago? Yeah, it's aging well. The average time it takes for a 5X to bootloop is around 13 months, so there is no useful data as to how this device will handle at that point of its lifetime. Ryan I only finally had the bootloop issue but I had the extended warranty. While I am not as happy with my 5x my Nexus 4 was an EXCELLENT phone. I even fired it up and used it for the two days I had to wait for my replacement 5x. So, for me, if LG put as much effort into the Pixel as they did the Nexus 4 I could see it being interesting. But if its like the 5x no way, not for Pixel prices. Patrick Smithopolis My Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and Nexus 5X are all working without issue. tmartin Isn't Google supposed to be designing these from the ground up, with LG just acting as a manufacturing partner?? Or have we all moved past that? blindexecutioner Did people really believe that? The Pixel is very clearly an HTC designed phone. Berni Hargrove But wasn't that just because they were short on time? Mike I Author of this article is loose. LG 5x is not in a lawsuit. I'm staying away from you Corbin. tmartin Is Taimen going to be a tango phone? I'm starting this rumor if its not already out there. _jsw_ Literally came here to post this. I hope so, and, if it is, I'm buying it... assuming I don't buy the Asus Zenphone AR first. Tango isn't quite there yet, but it's so tantalizingly close. tmartin Yeah, I don't know. I was planning on getting the XL and Taimen sounds bigger than I want. But maybe I can be convinced. Then again, if I can't fit the thing in my pocket, kind of a deal breaker. tmartin It does sound like Google is wanting to do more with it. I'm skeptical of the whole VR/AR thing, but it is fun to watch it come together. _jsw_ I've got the Tango Tablet, which still runs but is getting really *really* old now (it's never been upgraded past KitKat!!). Still, I've done some coding on it and used it to build decent 3D models of spaces, but the sensors and CPUs weren't quite what I needed. Add a second actual camera on the other end/bottom for real stereoscopic range finding, and the potential is massive. A legit 3D scanner in your hand is an awesome concept. As far as AR/VR goes, though... I think you also need that second camera so that you can look "through" it when it's in a headset and still get stereoscopic vision. The Samsung Gear VR lets you do AR via a passthough of the camera when you're using it, but it seems too "flat" because of only having one "eye". I realize Google isn't going to have two rear-facing cameras, but... if someone would, that would finally be a useful VR/AR headset-capable device. disastrousrainbow I've owned three LG devices in my life. The G3, Nexus 5X, and G5. Neither one of those phone's ever boot looped for me. I'm not saying it's not a problem (because obviously it is for some) but judged off my experience, comments on here, and even the couple of friends I know that are using LG's, I feel as if the severity of this issue is due to a small minority making big noise about it. Shaun Smith Enter the G6 clone. Ugh Shaun Smith I know it's supposed to be bigger, but just remembering when Google asked Moto for a big phone and we ended up with a giant Moto X named Shamu cellabonez Time for sony to make a Nexus StankyChikin N5, G4, V10, Currently on G6 - Have had them all.. Rest have been handed down and work great still. JOAT I had a Nexus 5x and needed a warranty replacement​. Please no, Google!!! sraj49 Let us not forget that the hardware and software is total responsibility of Google and LG had no day in it. I am surprised that a comment like this coming from the author whom I respect for a good analysis King_Android Essential "The Phone" FTW!!!!!!! Joshua Binyard I don't know of any manufacturer that hasn't had issues with their phones, at one point or another. No I'm getting my next pixel 2 "the biggest one" no matter who makes it. And if it acts up I will trade it in. I hope the phone and the case are released at the same time Roy I think it's great. Let's think about it for a little​. Google wanted LG's OLED and in the same time was looking for a new Factory to build the next Pixel. Maybe LG was like you wont our best displays first in line take us to build the next Pixel. In the meantime HTC can't hel to build the new pixel without big bezels and not enough big battery and if Google ever wanted to bring back the front stereo speakers it's really difficult with HTC. LG roking​ with the G6 with tiny bezels. So with LG'S new OLED they can save more place for compact design big battery and the way Google get great display more likely with HDR and can bring back the stereo speakers:) Everybody wins. blindexecutioner Any manufacturer is better than HTC. I hope Google takes some of LG's design the way they took HTC's dated design as well (Even though they say they were responsible or the design it was clearly HTC inspired just like the Nexus devices have always been). Indianajonze well they made the nexus 5 as well, and that phone was amazing. personally, i welcome any opportunity that allows for the possibility we'll get an lcd screen over oled... Gytole Had the G2,3,4,5 and V20, never had a bootloop. I'm for it. Lisandro what a way to kill a phone even before being manufactured Tech Dude My prior LG phones were great. LG G2 and a coupleof LG G3s still going strong as emergency devices. Now my Nexus 6P.. I'm on my forth. No more devices from Huawei. Morenicano That "Boot Loops" picture tho....... 😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Orion Ummmm no. Never seen any issues with LG. This will be my next phone if the specs come correct. xyz Bollocks. Nexus 5 was the best Google branded phone ever. Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 172 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 33 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 395 1 Year Ago Today Editorial: iOS 10 is Apple’s not-so-secret love letter to Android 2016/06/15 4:50pm PDTJun 15, 2016 52 2 Years Ago Today Google Maps Now Warns You If You Are Navigating To A Place That Will Be Closed When You Arrive 2015/06/15 2:52pm PDTJun 15, 2015 43 3 Years Ago Today PSA: No, The OnePlus One Is Not Waterproof, So Don't Try This At Home 2014/06/15 11:20am PDTJun 15, 2014 2 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Emancy: Borderline War, Shelter, And Beejumbled 2013/06/15 5:49pm PDTJun 15, 2013 21 5 Years Ago Today Zombies, Run! Spices Up Your Running Routine With A Little Undead Uprising 2012/06/15 10:20pm PDTJun 15, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today [Updated] EVO Shift 4G Gingerbread OTA Update Dropping June 17th 2011/06/15 3:41pm PDTJun 15, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today HTC Aria Coming June 20th To AT&T, Initial Hands-On Impressions Surface 2010/06/15 5:50pm PDTJun 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 30 Google adds Play Store support to more Chromebooks from Acer, Dell, ASUS, HP, Lenovo, and Samsung 2017/06/15 11:01am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 173 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 124 queries | 0.412s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe Technology Leadership Entertainment Ideas Video News fast company homepage technology leadership entertainment ideas video news co.Design homepage cities graphics innovation by design interactive product spaces collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Work Smart The apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder. FastCo.Works Studio An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current Issue Current Issue SUBSCRIBE Follow us: advertisement advertisement 06.13.17 career evolution Why This Google Executive Put Her Career On Pause Taking a sabbatical is a rare privilege, but it can be career-saving. Here’s how to know if it’s what you need. [Photo: skeeze via Pixabay] By Stephanie Vozza3 minute Read In 2011, Rachael O’Meara had worked her way into management at Google, responsible for leading a team of 11 customer-support reps. Her job had all the markings of a successful career, but she was unhappy … and so was her boss. Performance reviews weren’t good, and her manager bluntly told her that she had to change in order to be successful at Google. advertisement “I felt like I was putting all this effort in wanting to succeed, but it wasn’t working,” she recalls. “How did I go from being a confident, successful woman, achieving promotions and praise to what felt like a floundering failure?” Instead of choosing to quit or waiting to be let go, O’Meara opted to put her career on a three-month pause. “I wasn’t in a mental place to know what I wanted next,” she says. “I was so concerned about failure and doing poorly. The path I was on clearly wasn’t working. I wanted to learn what would make me feel more satisfied and be happy.” At the time, Google was among 15% of companies that offer employees the chance to take an unpaid sabbatical, according to the Society for Human Resource Management. O’Meara thought the break would be just what she needed to figure things out. What She Did With 90 responsibility-free days ahead of her, O’Meara created a plan that would make the most of her time. The knee-jerk reaction might have been to travel the entire time, but O’Meara felt self-reflection was the better path. “I love to travel, but I knew that was a trap I could fall into where I was distracted and not focused on myself,” she says. “I wanted introspection, allowing myself the space for whatever was bubbling up to rise.” O’Meara set up rules and structure. She would be out of the house by 10 a.m. every day, only checking email during a 30-minute timeframe. She started journaling, took classes like Bikram yoga and salsa dancing that pushed her outside of her comfort zone, and got a part-time job as a bicycle tour guide. She learned how to meditate, studied leadership development and received a coaching certificate. O’Meara also identified her strengths through assessments and asking for feedback. advertisement “The key is to maintain a growth mind-set,” she says. “If you do this, everything becomes an opportunity.” The Results O’Meara, who chronicles the experience in her book Pause: Harnessing the Life-Changing Power of Giving Yourself a Break, says the pause left her feeling calmer and clearer, and better able to connect with people on a personal level. “Before I was so busy ticking off to-do lists and hoping I wasn’t going to get in trouble that day,” she says. “I went back feeling rejuvenated and being present with people, doing things like making eye contact and caring about how someone’s day was going. And I didn’t feel like a failure.” She also decided to go back to Google, but in a new job. “The role I wanted was in a sales capacity, and I became very determined to find that job,” says O’Meara, who is now a senior account manager. “I set an intention to have 10 interviews a week at Google.” Do You Need A Pause? A pause is any intentional shift in behavior that allows you the space to experience a mental shift in attitude, thoughts, or emotions that otherwise would not have occurred, says O’Meara. “We all need to pause from time to time,” she says, sharing five signs that you’re due: If you used to love your job and now you loathe it. If your boss tells you things aren’t working out. If you’re constantly distracted by your phone or social media. If you’re facing a challenge or adversity. If an opportunity comes knocking on your door that you want to follow. Luckily, you don’t need to take a three-month sabbatical to make a difference. “A pause could mean taking a class, up-leveling your business, getting better something, or saying a truth that may not have been said before,” O’Meara says. “The whole idea is to connect to self. If you had an extra five minutes or an hour, what could you do differently? What would you say? Who would you be with? Those are great cues about what would work for you.” Start by building pauses into your day, suggests O’Meara. “We constantly shift and go into autopilot,” she says. “Take a few minutes to journal how you feel. Your mood improves when you consciously bring thoughts into the moment.” advertisement Consider taking a digital device pause, checking in with yourself instead of your smartphone, asking, “Am I okay? Is this where I want to be?” During your pause, tune out others and focus on yourself. “Society tells us, ‘Don’t slow down,’ and along the way we’ve forgotten to care for ourselves,” says O’Meara. “You’ve got to take care of yourself to be the best self you can be.” Fast Company Daily NewsletterSign Up Receive special Fast Company offersSee All Newsletters advertisement Related Stories Leadership New Hires: Here’s What Not To Say In Your First Month On The Job Leadership How To Use Your Emotional Intelligence To Rewrite Your Job Description Leadership How To Mentor A Remote Employee advertisement Video How This Google Employee Transformed His Career During A Bad Job Market Ever Wanted To Eat Your Beer? Well Now You Can From Film FX To The U.S. Department of Defense: Inside Zoic’s Revolutionary Lab The DJI Spark Is An Amateur Drone Flyer's Dream What Apple's WWDC Announcements Mean For The Future Of The Company A Cyborg Dragonfly Drone Takes Its First Flight--And Other Stories You Might've Missed How To Do Business Like Tony Soprano How Malia Obama Changed The Conversation Around Taking A Gap Year Here's What You'll Need To Succeed In Google's Lunar XPrize Competition Why Eataly is Passionate About Offering Classes That Don’t Bring Home The Bacon Wolfgang Puck Impressed His First Boss—And Built A Career From It What You Need To Know From Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Equinox's LGBTQA Film Is A New Kind of Marketing Authenticity Facebook Has Been Trying To Combat Its Fake News Problem--But Is It Doing Enough? This App Can Help You Prep For That Next Big Presentation Amazon Could Soon Parachute Your Deliveries--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Ideas Ideas These Indian Entrepreneurs Upcycle Leftover Religious Flowers Into Useful Products Ideas This Program Makes Loans To Businesses In Distressed Areas: Trump Wants To Cut It Ideas 5 Charts That Illustrate The Racial Bias In The Nonprofit World Entertainment Entertainment This Mockumentary About Young Trump Superfans Is Great (Again) Entertainment Someone Just Made A Mashup Album Of Beyoncé And Jay Z’s Top Hits Entertainment The Top 5 Ads Of The Week: Cannes Preview Edition Co.Design Spaces SOM Sued For Plagiarizing Freedom Tower Design Product Ikea’s Crazy New Cookbook Literally Cooks You Dinner Product This Startup Says It Can Help You Sleep Better–By Piping Sound Waves Through Your Skull Fast Company Ideas These Indian Entrepreneurs Upcycle Leftover Religious Flowers Into Useful Products Technology Now You Can Sauna In A Giant Golden Egg In Sweden’s Northernmost Town Ideas This Program Makes Loans To Businesses In Distressed Areas: Trump Wants To Cut It Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC </noscript></body></html>
clock menu more-arrow Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Eero changed how we think about Wi-Fi — and now it wants to make our homes smarter Nick Weaver wants to build an ‘operating system for the home,’ but can he get there first? by Nilay Patel@reckless Jun 13, 2017, 8:00am EDT share tweet Linkedin Eero kicked off an arms race of router innovation when it launched the first mesh Wi-Fi system last year. It seems like everyone is making mesh Wi-Fi systems now: Google has one. Samsung has one. There are new mesh startups like Plume and Lumo. Established players like Netgear and Linksys are in the game, one-upping each other with specs and features because one-upping each other with specs and features is their fundamental purpose on this planet. But Eero is still the standout — a modern hardware startup that arrived with such a fundamentally good idea about how to reinvent an unloved product that it kicked off a wave of change. Eero is out today with updated products that introduce a new wireless standard for smart homes and a new $10-per-month Eero Plus service that adds network security monitoring and improved parental controls. The new base Eero system is now a $299 two-device bundle of a second-gen Eero base station and a new smaller Eero Beacon. Systems range up to a $499 Eero Pro package of three base stations. Combined, it all forms the beginnings of what Eero calls an “operating system for the home.” Eero is the rare hardware startup that actually reinvented an unloved product But hold up: one of the biggest stories in tech is that very few promising startups get big before being swallowed by what Walt Mossberg has called “the oligarchy”: Apple, Google, Microsoft, Amazon, and Facebook. Other standout companies with similar ambitions to rethink the home have all been gobbled and hobbled over the past few years: Nest and Dropcam were acquired by Google, while Samsung snagged SmartThings. And Eero’s all-white design, set-it-and-forget-it simplicity, and consumer-friendly marketing have certainly led a few people to suggest that Apple should eventually snap it up. All of this adds up to a very hard question: can Eero succeed in creating a new kind of ecosystem while facing down waves of competition and the inevitable pull to sell out? Eero CEO Nick Weaver. Photo by James Bareham / The Verge Eero announced itself in 2015 after CEO Nick Weaver spent time working at Menlo Ventures investing in companies like Dropcam and Roku. Both companies struggled with bad connectivity in the home. “It drove a lot of their customer complaints,” says Weaver. “So we kept looking for an investment [in Wi-Fi], and couldn’t find it.” Weaver left Menlo and started Eero with two co-founders in late 2014. The first office was his living room. Hardware and software development took two years, marked by lengthy delays for preorder customers and investments by First Round, Menlo, and Andy Rubin’s Playground Global, among others. The first Eero units shipped in early 2016, and received enthusiastic reviews. Weaver makes it a point to highlight the technical breakthroughs behind Eero. “We’re making the radios do things they aren’t designed to do,” says Weaver. The first-gen Eeros have a pair of Qualcomm Wi-Fi radios used by several other companies, but Eero built custom drivers for them. “Most of these radios are designed to make one connection. When an Eero comes up it’s forming links between as many other Eeros as possible.” “When you reserve one radio for just mesh that means you aren’t writing great software.” Other mesh Wi-Fi systems like Netgear’s Orbi system have a third radio that’s dedicated to a backhaul connection between base stations, and in reviews and tests they’ve been consistently faster than the first-gen Eero. The new second-gen Eeros have three radios, but the smaller Beacon extenders are still dual-band, and Weaver insists that being able to move client and backhaul traffic around each radio at will is ultimately a more powerful approach. “When you reserve one radio for just mesh that means you aren’t writing great software,” he says. “We’re the only product on the market that can scale out to any number of devices.” Cheekily, when the company released a major software update with new radio driver code, it renamed its system TrueMesh to highlight the difference. The gen 2 Eero and two Beacons. Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Every Eero network connects up to Eero’s cloud service, which constantly gathers data about how the systems are performing and what devices are on the network in order to optimize performance. “Every time Apple or Xbox or Sonos pushes a software update it slightly changes how the devices work and interact with the network,” says Weaver. “We're constantly looking at how quickly devices get IP addresses, how well they roam, all these things that change. And we use software updates as a way of improving device performance — we've done a bunch of stuff to make sure, say, Sonos works properly with Eero. Basically, we're running the world's largest interoperability study.” “Smart thermostats and speakers are crashing and restarting more frequently than you think.” Being responsible for every connection in customers’ homes was initially much more pressure than the company realized, Weaver says. “Devices like smart thermostats and speakers are crashing and restarting more frequently than you think. Most of time you don’t notice, because you’re not using them. But when you’re supposed to be rock-solid infrastructure, that’s a huge amount of responsibility. We ended up revamping a lot of the core algorithms and core tech for how Eeros communicate with each other.” Eero says it’s pushed more than 30 software updates since the product launched last year. That’s a furious rate of change for any hardware product, let alone a Wi-Fi router, which most people never update even once. Weaver tells me Eero has no plans to look at network data beyond performance. “We don’t collect data about where you go on the internet — that’s not interesting,” he says. “We sell a premium product, and soon a service. We’re not running ads, and we’re not doing any commerce. The data is just so we can rapidly improve the software.” Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Weaver says the $10 / month or $100 / year Eero Plus service will get features added to it over time, comparing it to Amazon Prime. It’ll roll out with more robust parental controls and network security that blocks malicious websites and protects against botnets. “We’ve fingerprinted 5 to 10 million devices at this point,” says Weaver. “We're getting really good at understanding which devices are behaving normally and which ones are behaving abnormally.” Misbehaving devices will get flagged, and users will get regular security reports. All of that is nice, but the competing Luma mesh Wi-Fi system offers both parental controls and network monitoring for free. The Google Wifi mesh system has cheaper per-base hardware costs, and it’s not like Google can’t find reasons to start aggressively collecting network data to build services around it. Ultimately Eero’s going to need to pump up the value equation of Eero Plus by adding more features to justify the monthly service fee. And that could go a lot of ways, from additional privacy services like built-in VPNs and anonymous browsing to bigger ideas like opening up space for third-party apps to run on Eero networks, which Weaver says “would be pretty interesting.” Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge The new Eeros also support the Thread wireless standard, which may or may not be a huge deal in the future. Thread is a long, long story. It’s a low-power wireless standard designed for smart home devices like locks and light switches that claims to fix the complexity of Bluetooth and weirdness of older standards like Z-Wave. It was originally developed by Nest, and somewhat lost inside the drama that unfolded with Nest’s acquisition by Google and subsequent acquisition of Dropcam. Google shipped a Thread-compatible chip in the Google OnHub router, but it was never enabled, and there’s no Thread hardware in the newer Google Wifi mesh networking system. And there aren’t any fully Thread-compatible smart home devices out there that I’m aware of. But Thread is also a mesh networking system, and having Eero also connect to lower-power devices like sensors and light switches means that you don’t need unsightly and complicated hubs between your smart home gadgets and your network. “There’s a really healthy pipeline of [Thread] devices that have been ready for a long time,” says Weaver. “Everyone has been waiting for a Thread border router so they don’t have to do a $50 loss leader hub with every product they ship.” Eero says it’s done what Google and Nest have both failed to do “Others have made this promise and it never came to fruition,” he adds. “Thread runs in the 2.4GHz spectrum like Wi-Fi, and there’s a lot of coexistence work you have to do to make sure you can maintain a 2.4GHz connection to a Wi-Fi device while maintaining connectivity to a Thread device.” Client devices like phones can manage having both Bluetooth and Wi-Fi in the 2.4GHz spectrum by rapidly turning those radios on and off in millisecond bursts, but that’s not a workable solution for a router, which has to handle multiple Wi-Fi connections at once. Basically, Weaver says Eero has been able to figure out how to do something no one else has ever figured out how to do with Thread. Not Nest, which invented Thread but failed to ship a rumored Thread hub codenamed Flintstone for years, and not Google, which stuck a Thread chip in its OnHub Wi-Fi router but never enabled it. The newer Google Wifi mesh system doesn’t have Thread support at all. “The reason [the OnHub chips] haven’t been turned on is coexistence,” says Weaver. “That’s not something you can just do in software. You have to do it in hardware.” Existing Eero customers can add Thread support to their networks by adding or swapping in a second-gen Eero or Beacon unit. And Weaver says a wave of marketing will come when there are a few Thread devices on the market. If it all works, you’ll be able to add smart home components to your network as easily as any other Wi-Fi device — and Eero will have the simplest solution for making sure all those connections are stable and optimized. Photo by James Bareham / The Verge There’s also a huge marketing push coming alongside the new Eero products, with big displays in Best Buy, a major ad campaign, and retail availability in Walmart and Target. But while Eero certainly has the mindshare and attention of the industry, it still has a long way to go in terms of sales. The company won’t give me exact sales numbers, but Weaver says he’ll call me when there are a million homes with Eero systems in them. So: a hot VC-backed hardware startup solving thorny technical problems with a cool product customers love that’s just about to take the next step in terms of sales and marketing. I keep asking: can Eero go it alone, or will it inevitably sell out to the giants like so many other companies? “No,” says Weaver. “We’re trying to build a real standalone company here.” “There is not one single home that has all Apple devices or all Google devices or all Amazon devices,” he adds. “We have an opportunity to be an unbiased piece of infrastructure that runs every part of connectivity in every part of the home that's not tied to one specific ecosystem. That's a huge opportunity.” “We’re trying to build a real standalone company here.” I bring up Nest, which sold to Google for $3.2 billion but then stagnated before releasing a new camera last month. Would that kind of offer do it? “That was probably one of the most spectacular technology M&A outcomes we've ever seen,” says Weaver. “You get to a situation like that and you've got a responsibility to your board and your shareholders to evaluate offers.” He brings up Instagram, which continues to be innovative and beloved by consumers after being acquired by Facebook. But a couple days later, when I ask yet again, Weaver makes it clear that his preferred outcome is to stay independent. And as Eero grows, its ranks swell with employees leaving the giants — including several who previously worked on the once-revolutionary AirPort Wi-Fi product line at Apple. “When you’re a company at our stage, you’ve got one or two products you’re working on, and the ones that you’re working on, you ship,” says Weaver. “When you get to these bigger companies, there’s tons of products you’re working on, and very few of them ship.” So can Eero actually build the ecosystem on top of your home network it’s dreaming of, while fending off fierce competition and the inevitable promise of a check from the giants? We’ll see. But there’s something great about a smaller company totally focused on its own concise product line without the politics and platform lock-in games of the giants. “Every single device that matters in the home is going to be connected to the internet and every piece of content we consume in the home is going to be delivered over the internet,” says Weaver. “The opportunity here is to build a lasting brand at home.” Tech Amazon granted a patent that prevents in-store shoppers from online price checking Tech The CIA has lots of ways to hack your router Tech Jeff Bezos asks Twitter for philanthropy ideas that can help ‘right now’ View all stories in Tech Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
High-Def Digest Blu-ray Ultra HD Gaming Blu-ray Gaming HD Gear Blu-ray Ultra HD Gaming HD Gear Blu-ray Ultra HD Games Blu-ray Ultra HD Games Home News What is VR? -- Everything You Need to Know About Virtual Reality What is VR? -- Everything You Need to Know About Virtual Reality Posted Mon Jun 12, 2017 at 10:44 AM PDT by Steven Cohen Keeping track of the latest audio and video tech can be daunting. Thankfully, High-Def Digest has you covered. Welcome to Home Theater 101 series, where we'll be explaining emerging technologies while also recommending the very best possible A/V gadgets n' gear you can buy at your particular budget level.  When it comes to recent immersive tech and gaming advancements, few are as buzzworthy as VIRTUAL REALITY. But just what exactly is VR? And which headset is right for you? Fret not! If you don't know the difference between an Oculus Rift and a Daydream View, this guide is here to breakdown the ins and outs of Virtual Reality. So, without further ado, let's dive right into... HOME THEATER 101 WHAT IS VIRTUAL REALITY? THE BASICS While virtual reality in some form or another has been around for decades, the format has recently seen a major revival and performance overhaul as display and computing technologies have advanced -- providing a new level of immersion that is a far cry from the blurry, pixelated mess one might have experienced in arcades back in the 90s. In its basic form, modern VR essentially consists of a high-resolution stereoscopic headset display with motion tracking. Likewise, some VR setups also include external motion controllers, binaural audio solutions, and more advanced spatial room sensors. But just what do all of these elements bring to the equation? Well, a high-res stereoscopic headset features separate lenses for the left and right eye, allowing a user to view VR images, video, and interactive experiences in full 3D -- just like one would with traditional 3D glasses you find in cinemas and home theaters. But unlike traditional 3D, a VR headset combines stereoscopic output with head tracking technology (either internal or external), a first person perspective, and a wide field of view (FOV) for peripheral vision, letting users turn their heads in order to shift their perspectives up, down, and around 360-degrees -- creating the sense that what you are seeing is actually all around you. Various external motion controllers then bring another level of interactivity to the experience, enabling hand gestures, and button presses to enable touch, movement, and selection of virtual items. Meanwhile, binaural audio technologies, including Dolby Atmos and DTS Headphone:X, allow sounds to move around a listener's head in a 3D virtual space through headphones, further enhancing the sense of immersion. Finally, more advanced VR rigs also include spatial sensors or some other form of body tracking for room scale virtual reality, actually allowing users to move around a real room to accomplish movement in a virtual space. Alternatively, walking can also be simulated through omnidirectional treadmills or similar devices.  HEADSETS With growing support from numerous manufacturers and tech companies -- including Google, Samsung, Sony, Facebook, and HTC -- there's now several competing Virtual Reality hardware and software platforms on the market. And when it comes to headset models, there are two primary hardware types: headsets with built-in displays and headsets with smartphone displays. Headsets that feature integrated displays of their own usually require an external PC,  laptop, or game console to power them. And though these models tend to be more expensive, their support for powerful computer and GPU hardware allows them to achieve the best performance. Meanwhile, smartphone compatible models typically use an inserted mobile device's display and processing power to run. And while these solutions are usually more affordable than headsets with integrated displays and PC requirements, they are also hindered by comparatively limited smartphone specs. In addition, some fully standalone VR headsets that feature their own integrated displays and hardware solutions without the need for separate computers or smartphones are also in the works. Here's a rundown of some of the main VR headsets available now or coming soon. Note: All listed prices reflect current retailer discounts at press time and do not include taxes. Samsung Gear VR ($106) -  Samsung's current Gear VR headset is designed to be used with a Galaxy S8, S8+, S7, S7 edge, Note5, S6 edge+, S6 or S6 edge smartphone. Users simply need to connect their mobile device and lock it in place to start experiencing VR with up to a 2960 x 1440 resolution AMOLED display (S8). The headset features 42mm lenses with a 101-degree FOV (Field of View), and advanced distortion correction technology to minimize motion sickness. The device supports both micro USB and USB Type-C ports with a converter in-box. In addition, the 2017 headset comes with a new motion controller with touchpad and trigger for enhanced interaction, along with a strap to hold it in place when not in use. And though the headset does allow audio playback from a connected smartphone's integrated speakers, users will need separate headphones for binaural  audio support. The Gear VR is powered by the Oculus mobile VR platform. It does not currently support room-scale VR. Google Daydream View ($70) - The Daydream View requires a Daydream-ready smartphone like the Google Pixel or Motorola Moto Z. Likewise, the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ will also soon be supported. With the Pixel XL model, the headset sports a QHD 1440×2560 AMOLED display with an FOV (Field of View) of about 90-degrees. The Daydream View is available in Slate, Crimson, or Snow colors and is made with flexible and soft breathable fabrics, allowing the device to be 30% lighter than similar products while providing added comfort. To use the Daydream View, customers simply need to drop in a Daydream-ready smartphone and lock it into place. From there, the phone and headset connect wirelessly with an auto alignment system. In addition, the product includes a compact controller packed with sensors, letting customers interact with content through movements and gesture. And when not in use, the controller can slide right inside the headset for easy storage. Though the headset does allow audio playback from a connected smartphone's integrated speakers, users will need separate headphones for binaural  audio support. The Daydream View uses Google's Daydream VR platform. It does not currently support room scale VR. Standalone Daydream Headsets - In addition to smartphone Daydream devices, the first standalone Daydream headsets are set to be released later this year. Standalone headset models will not require a smartphone or PC, and will instead use their own integrated displays and hardware optimized for VR. Daydream standalone headsets will also use new headset tracking technology called WorldSense, which can enable positional tracking to determine a user's precise movements in space for some level of room-scale VR without any external sensors. Google has partnered with Qualcomm to create the standalone headset reference design, and upcoming standalone Daydream headsets are in development from HTC VIVE and Lenovo. Oculus Rift ($500) - Designed for use with Windows PCs and laptops, the Oculus Rift features a 2160 x 1200 OLED display (1080×1200 per eye) with a 90Hz refresh rate and a 110-degree FOV (Field of View). Built-in audio, an integrated mic, and an Xbox One controller are included as well. And in addition to the headset itself, a bundle with two Oculus Touch motion controllers ($598) is also available. Sensors for movement tracking are included with the headset and controllers as well, but buyers will need a third sensor for room-scale VR.  Recommended PC specs: Graphics Card - NVIDIA GTX 1060 / AMD Radeon RX 480 or greater Alternative Graphics Card - NVIDIA GTX 970 / AMD Radeon R9 290 or greater CPU - Intel i5-4590 / AMD Ryzen 5 1500X or greater Memory - 8GB+ RAM Video Output - Compatible HDMI 1.3 video output USB Ports - 3x USB 3.0 ports plus 1x USB 2.0 port OS - Windows 7 SP1 64 bit or newer HTC Vive ($799) - Like the Oculus Rift, the HTC Vive is designed for use with Windows PCs and laptops (though Mac support is on the way), and the headset also features  a 2160 x 1200 OLED display (1080×1200 per eye) with a 90Hz refresh rate and a 110-degree FOV (Field of View). Unlike the Oculus Rift, however, the default HTC Vive package is ready for room-scale VR right out of the box, with two wireless controllers and two base stations. In addition, the standard bundle also includes a link box, earbuds, integrated mic, Vive accessories, safety guide, and warranty card. Recommended PC specs: Processor - Intel Core i5-4590 or AMD FX 8350, equivalent or better Graphics - NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 or AMD Radeon RX 480, equivalent or better.  Memory - 4 GB RAM or more Video output - 1x HDMI 1.4 port, or DisplayPort 1.2 or newer USB - 1x USB 2.0 port or newer Operating system - Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1 or later or Windows 10 PlayStation VR ($387) - Designed for use with a PS4 and PlayStation Camera, the PS VR headset features a 1920×RGB×1080 (960×RGB×1080 per eye) OLED display with a 110-degree FOV (Field of View) and a 90Hz refresh rate (120Hz in cinema mode). The default package also includes the Processor unit, PlayStation VR headset connection cable, HDMI cable, USB cable, Stereo headphones, AC power cord, AC adaptor, and PlayStation VR Demo Disc. In addition, a bundle ($500) with the required camera, two Move controllers, and the PlayStation VR Worlds game is available as well. Limited room scale VR is supported. CONTENT Even the fanciest VR headset is pretty useless without worthwhile content available. Thankfully, game developers, filmmakers, and various media companies are starting to embrace virtual reality with a growing library of VR experiences through several platforms and gaming solutions like the Oculus Store and SteamVR.   Some popular PC and PlayStation VR titles currently include games like Job Simulator, Resident Evil 7: Biohazard, Batman: Arkham VR, Minecraft VR, and Star Trek: Bridge Crew. Likewise, many streaming services like YouTube, Hulu, and Netflix have also started to offer some VR content support as well, though the latter currently only lets you watch standard videos in a virtual environment.  Native VR videos, however, typically come in the form of full stereoscopic 3D 360-degree interactive or passive experiences -- though the quality of these titles can vary wildly. And that's where companies like Legend come into play. Known for their visual effects work and 2D to 3D conversions, Legend is also now a prominent fixture in the emerging VR scene, where they are involved in the creative development, on-set production, and post-production of VR content, helping clients realize their budgets on screen while utilizing the tech and storytelling tools of VR to their fullest.  For this feature, Will Maurer, Legend 3D's VP of VR and VFX, was kind enough to speak with us, offering an overview of Legend's work and the company's overarching approach to the evolving VR platform. "I think there's a lot of opportunities in VR from the storytelling space. And I call it experiential storytelling, because you can't take the traditional filmmaking techniques and force it into VR," said Maurer. Instead, he recommends companies really ask themselves, "Why VR?"  before approaching the format. Otherwise, users could simply be left with a lackluster experience that leaves them asking, "Why do I have this thing on my head?" On the unique aspects of experiential storytelling, Maurer described VR cinema as being "almost a melding of a game and a narrative going back to branching narratives or choose your own adventure books." This type of multi-path storytelling also offers a lot of potential for replay and re-watch value. "In the simplest form, you're watching an argument in front of you. One person goes to the left and one person goes to the right. I have a choice to follow one of them and then see where their story branches to or continues and then I can go back and re-watch the piece... and choose the other perspective." And on the subject of whether or not there are any key technical requirements for compelling VR content, Maurer stressed the importance of stereoscopic imagery and 3D spatial sound, along with a need to keep compression to a minimum while seamlessly blending stitching and effects work. In essence, once the separate elements and imperfections of a video become visible, the sense of immersion really starts to collapse, and Legend is working hard with its clients to ensure that this doesn't happen. In addition to 3D video and audio, emerging tech like HDR (high dynamic range) may also find its way into more future virtual reality content. In fact, the company recently worked on a 3D 360-degree content piece for REX Real Estate that was captured in HDR with a Red Epic camera.  Other advances on the horizon also have Maurer especially intrigued about the future possibilities of VR experiences, including developments with room-scale VR. "I'm excited about volumetric capture. For instance, in the concert space or the sports space where you can actually go up and feel like you're in the same room and environment and actually move around."  But rather than scour through hundreds of clips on VR app stores with smartphone headsets, Maurer actually sees a lot of potential in emerging VR arcades and venues like the new IMAX VR Centers in New York and LA. "Going back to malls and airports and movie theaters, I think that's the perfect opportunity for a captive audience. I think they trust going somewhere and paying that they are going to see quality content." Of course, that's not to say that you can't find plenty of quality VR experiences right now if you know where to look. On that note, if you'd like to see some of Legend's VR content for yourself, be sure to check out the Kong: Destination Skull Island VR experience that the company recently worked on with ILM. He gets so close you can almost feel his breath. So, there you have it. Those are the basics of Virtual Reality. If you still have any questions about VR, please let us know in the forums!  MORE HOME THEATER 101 ARTICLES -Best Dolby Atmos Speakers for 2017 -Best Budget TVs for 2017 -Best UHD TVs for 2017 -What is Dolby Vision? -What is HDR? -What is Dolby Atmos? -What is DTS:X -Best Sound Bars -Up-mixed: Dolby Surround vs DTS:Neural:X See what people are saying about this story in our forums area, or check out other recent discussions. Share: Facebook Google+ Twitter Permalink LATEST REVIEWS BLU-RAY ULTRA HD Death Line: Collector's Edition 4 Stars The Lawnmower Man: Collector's Edition 3.5 Stars Tough Guys 3.5 Stars Heat: Director's Definitive Edition 4.5 Stars Dheepan 4 Stars Beauty and the Beast (2017) 3.5 Stars Fist Fight 2.5 Stars View All A50 Wireless Headset + Base Station (Gen 3) (PS4) 4 Stars HyperX Alloy FPS Mechanical Gaming Keyboard (PC) 4.5 Stars Let it Die (PS4) 4 Stars Shantae: Half-Genie Hero (PS4) Telltale's The Walking Dead: Season Three - A New Frontier (Xbox One) 3 Stars Beholder (PC) 4 Stars Batman: The Telltale Series - City of Light (Xbox One) 4 Stars View All Despicable Me 2 - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars Despicable Me - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars The LEGO Batman Movie - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray & VUDU UHD 4.5 Stars Ex Machina - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars Snitch - Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars Dredd - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars John Wick: Chapter 2 - Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars View All LATEST NEWS BLU-RAY Blu-ray News Roundup: 'Megan Leavey,' 'The Circle,' New Arrow Video Titles, and More Scream Factory Fifth Anniversary Sale: Save 50% on Scream Blu-rays! Blu-ray News Roundup: 'The Outer Limits,' 'Colossal,' New Olive Films Titles, and More Marvel Debuts Teaser Trailer for 'Black Panther' Blu-ray News Roundup: 'Arrow,' 'Lethal Weapon,' 'Going in Style,' and More Blu-ray News Roundup: 'The Flash,' 'Orphan Black,' 'A Fistful of Dollars,' and More Rupert Sanders' 'Ghost in the Shell' Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D & 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Dated & Detailed (UPDATED) Blu-ray News Roundup: 'Supernatural,' 'Species,' and More Is 'Logan' The End of Superhero Movies? (Or the Beginning of Phase Two)? Blu-ray News Roundup: 'Supergirl,' 'Prison Break,' and More View All ULTRA HD Disney Reportedly Set to Launch 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Support with 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' 'Wonder Woman' Blu-ray, 3D, & 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Up For Pre-Order! 'Smurfs: The Lost Village' Announced for Blu-ray & 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 'Batman & Harley Quinn' Blu-ray & 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Announced 'The Boss Baby' Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D, and 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Dated & Supplements Detailed (UPDATED) 'Kong: Skull Island' Announced for Blu-ray, 3D, & 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 'The Lincoln Lawyer' 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Bound "A Tribute to Those Killed by John Wick" Facebook Live Stream Set for May 23 Rumor Mill: 'E.T.' & 'Close Encounters' Headed for 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Ridley Scott's 'Alien: Covenant' Blu-ray & Ultra HD Blu-ray Up for Pre-Order! View All HD GEAR Philips Releases 5000 Series 4K Ultra HD TVs with HDR, Prices Start at $530 HD Gear News Roundup: Pioneer Headphones, LG OLED Tops TV Rankings, and More Optoma Details 4K500 & UHZ65 4K Ultra HD Projectors HDD First Look: Blackfire Red Wireless Entertainment Framework HDD Gear Deals: Up to 34% off Klipsch Dolby Atmos & Outdoor Speakers IMAX Announces Layoffs as Part of Cost Reduction Plan What is VR? -- Everything You Need to Know About Virtual Reality Streaming News Roundup: 'Gypsy, 'Oh, Hello Broadway,' and More Samsung Launches New QLED Monitors with HDR and Quantum Dots HD Gear News Roundup: SI Projector Screens, BenQ Monitors, VIZIO Displays, and More View All THE BONUS VIEW ‘The Book of Henry’ Review: Well, At Least It’s Different Can Nothing in Home Theater Ever Be Easy? ‘Cars 3’ Review: Better than Necessary Off the Shelf: ‘Nineteen Eighty-Four’ ‘Twin Peaks’ 3.06 Recap: “You’re an Interesting Fellow” ‘My Cousin Rachel’ Review: Pretty Costumes, Muted Thrills Weekend Box Office: Not Quite Dead on Arrival, But Close R.I.P. Adam West and Glenne Headly Blu-ray Highlights: Week of June 11th, 2017 – Brick vs. Wick Weekend Roundtable: Lamest Movie Monsters View All High-Def Digest Bringing you all the best reviews of high definition entertainment. Founded in April 2006, High-Def Digest is the ultimate guide for High-Def enthusiasts who demand only the best that money can buy. Updated daily and in real-time, we track all high-def disc news and release dates, and review the latest disc titles. Copyright © 2017 Internet Brands, Inc. All rights reserved. Blu-ray News Reviews Release Dates Amazon Pre-orders HD DVD Archive Games News Reviews Release Dates Amazon Pre-orders Blog 3D At the Movies HD Content Home Theater TV Forums Blu-ray Software Blu-ray Bargains HD Smackdown Gaming Smackdown Home Theater Gear Our Site Web Search Connect with us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe via RSS About Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Disclaimer Careers Advertising Feedback
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Friday, June 16, 2017 As of 4:45 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Technology Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL: LG’s role may be beyond supplying flexible OLED displays By Ryan Patrick on June 13 2017 10:53 PM 0 0 0 0 Sabrina Ellis, Director of Product Management at Google, speaks about the new Pixel phone during the presentation of new Google hardware in San Francisco, California, US, October 4, 2016. Reuters/Beck Diefenbach A recently spotted bug entry has sent mixed signals that LG may be doing more than supply Google with flexible OLED displays for the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL. Found under the codename "taimen," a bug entry report has sent folks believing that LG has a larger role for the next Google mobile devices.  The news comes from the Android Issue Tracker where a bug entry by an LG employee last March cites a "USB PD Compliance Failure." A Google employee alleged wanted the issue closed, likely because it was resolved. Whether the issue has been resolved or not is irrelevant, it seems. The focus is the capacity LG has over the Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL. There are technically two devices in the works. One is “taimen” and the other is "walleye." The latter is more likely to be Google Pixel 2 XL, the former already hinted as the Google Pixel 2.  Prior to LG entering the fray, HTC was the company closely associated with manufacturing both devices. Seeing how Google and HTC have been doing great, the assumption may be logical.  However, LG has had its share of producing phones that have become popular in the market. They had also worked with Google for the Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and Nexus 5X. So seeing LG as at least one of the manufacturers may hardly come as a surprise.  Seeing HTC and LG work on separate Google Pixel 2 versions could still be possible. LG did it before alongside Huawei with the Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P. The latter was the one assigned to Huawei at that time. With "taimen" linked to LG, the "walleye" could likely be the one HTC is tasked to handle. Either way, all these should be taken lightly until official news comes straight from Google. As previously reported by IBT AU, the focus was on the flexible OLED displays that aims to be innovative and progressive. That titanic deal initially hinted at a large supply, though the spotting could result into more earnings for the Korean electronics giant. Seeing how most phones started to shift to curved OLED displays, it may be safe to assume that the Google Pixel 2 will have one if LG is indeed in the manufacturing process. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Google Pixel 2 concept design impresses Google Nexus 7 (2017) and Pixel 2 may be released together Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Procuring marijuana from unregistered sources could lead to grave issues 0 Shares 2 'Curb Your Enthusiasm' season 9 release date: New season to feature 'rather insane storyline' 0 Shares 3 Network Ten in voluntary administration, Telstra to axe 1,400 jobs 0 Shares 4 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Dead character’s flashback in future 0 Shares 5 ‘Outlander’ season 3 production update: Last week of filming 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: ‘Well done’ says Diana Gabaldon 0 Shares 7 'Rick and Morty' season 3 release date: This fan-favourite character won't be returning 0 Shares 8 Roger Federer was rooting for Rafael Nadal to 'dominate the clay-court season like the olden days' 0 Shares 9 Studying sex in space may lead to first ever lunar sperm bank 0 Shares 10 Lena Luthor's friendship with 'Supergirl' possibly on the line in season 3 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Jobs in Australia: Business surveys and ads point to growth in hiring Network Ten in voluntary administration, Telstra to axe 1,400 jobs Uber CEO Kalanick on leave, board member David Bonderman resigns following sexist remark Mobile advertising sees unprecedented growth in 2017 Telstra denies failure to consult on job cuts; Former 'I’m A Celebrity' castmate Tom Arnold sues Ten Analysts react as Marissa Mayer leaves Yahoo with US$186 million More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance London fire: 12 dead, 18 critical in Grenfell Tower blaze [PHOTOS] Sichuan Airlines launches first direct flight to New Zealand from southwest China Turnbull urges digital companies to be tougher on terrorists as proposed visa changes come before parliament Queen's Birthday: Qantas boss Alan Joyce receives Australia’s highest civil honour Australians urged to know their consumer rights amid multiple complaints of faulty products US sells US$12B fighter jets to Qatar days after Trump accused it of funding terrorism More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Lakers legend Jerry West joins Clippers on advisory role Lakers Draft News: James Worthy 'not sure team looking for a guard' at 2017 NBA Draft Roger Federer was rooting for Rafael Nadal to 'dominate the clay-court season like the olden days' Warriors enter next season as biggest favourite in sports history, per oddsmaker Celtics Draft News: 'GM convinced Josh Jackson is going to Boston,' per new report 2017 NBA Draft: Lakers, Suns in talks to swap picks, per latest report More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Uber CEO Kalanick on leave, board member David Bonderman resigns following sexist remark Xbox One and Xbox 360 Deals With Gold until June 20: ‘NBA 2K17’ and ‘Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna)’ among the best Sichuan Airlines launches first direct flight to New Zealand from southwest China Atari Box may be a game console similar to the NES Classic 'South Park: The Fractured But Whole' faces major censorship challenges in Australia, other regions Razer Thresher Ultimate wireless gaming headset specs, price and release details More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Pretty Little Liars' Season 7 episode 18 'Choose or Lose' spoilers 'General Hospital' spoilers for June 13-16 ‘Poldark’ season 3 episode 1 recap: Black Moon 'The Young and the Restless' spoilers for June 13-16 'The Voice Australia' 2017 Top 10 Part 1: Meet Team Kelly and Team Boy George ‘Outlander’ season 3: ‘Well done’ says Diana Gabaldon More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Historic Lineup of Experts on the ‘Science of Happiness’ to Keynote at the 2017 Global Wellness Summit Historic Lineup of Experts on the ‘Science of Happiness’ to Keynote at the 2017 Global Wellness Summit Posted on June 13, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Leading thinkers – including Jan-Emmanuel De Neve, associate editor of the World Happiness Report; Mo Gawdat, Google [X] Chief Business Officer and author of “Solve for Happy”; Silvia Garcia, former director of Coca-Cola’s Happiness Institute; and Nancy Etcoff, who teaches the ‘Science of Happiness’ at Harvard Medical School – to analyze the latest discoveries from happiness science and what it means for businesses and individuals alike Miami, FL (PRWEB) June 13, 2017 Economists have long equated GDP growth and economic prosperity with social progress, which became the end-goal of public policy. But in recent years, a new “science of happiness” has been galvanized by global research studies like the UN’s World Happiness Report and The Gallup-Sharecare Well-Being Index. This research takes a multidimensional approach to measuring total well-being for nations (yes, financial prosperity, but also crucial components like social/community connection, physical health, freedom, and shared purpose), and is fast proving a more accurate measure of national progress and true life satisfaction. Which is why the 2017 World Happiness Report, surveying 155 countries, found that the Northern European nations of Norway, Denmark, Iceland, Switzerland and Finland (all strong in social support, generosity, physical health and honest governance) ranked as the world’s five happiest nations, while growing economies like China and the U.S. (suffering from eroding social safety nets/support) fell in happiness in recent years. Overall, the world reports a mediocre 5.3/10 score for total happiness. With a fast-growing interest in insights from happiness science, more governments are taking action. For example, Bhutan was the first nation to create a “Gross National Happiness Index” to drive policies around individual well-being, not GDP – and more recently, Dubai has made happiness a wide-ranging policy priority, appointing the first Minister of Happiness in 2016. Workplaces, grasping the high levels of employee unhappiness and their toll on productivity, are now executing on lessons learned from happiness science. The mental health industry, long focused on human failings/pathology, is embracing neuroscience to understand the mechanisms of happiness, hope, empathy, resilience and joy, along with approaches like positive psychology. We even see tourism destinations/programming starting to be designed around the pillars of happiness. So, to immerse delegates in the findings and applications of this new field of research, the Global Wellness Summit today announced that its 2017 agenda will include a powerful roster of keynotes from “happiness science” leaders at its conference taking place at The Breakers Palm Beach, FL, from October 9-11. THE KEYNOTES: Jan-Emmanuel De Neve, PhD, is Associate Professor of Economics and Strategy at SaÏd Business School, University of Oxford and associate editor of the massively influential World Happiness Report (downloaded a reported one million times a year) – as well as research adviser to the Gallup Organization. He is one of the world’s leading researchers on what constitutes human well-being, which has led to new insights on the relationship between happiness and income, economic growth and inequality. His research was selected as one of “The Management Ideas that Mattered Most in 2016” by the Harvard Business Review. And his keynote will focus on the role of (and strategies for driving more) happiness in the workplace. “People spend the majority of their lives working, and it’s critical to understand the role that employment and unemployment play in shaping happiness,” said Professor De Neve. “Putting happiness center stage in business and governmental policy makes powerful sense: research shows that boosting people’s happiness makes them 7-12% more productive and that the top ‘best-to-work-for’ companies outperform competitors. Yet employee happiness is often wildly undervalued by management and investors alike.” Mohamad (Mo) Gawdat is Chief Business Officer for Google [X], an elite team of engineers that comprise Google’s futuristic “dream factory.” (Google, a $100 billion-plus company was named the 2nd most valuable brand in the world by Forbes in 2017.) Years ago, despite having achieved extraordinary success, Mo realized he was desperately unhappy. So, attacking the problem as a scientist would, he spent seven-plus years researching to formulate an equation for happiness, based on how the brain takes in and processes joy and sadness. Years later, that algorithm would be put to the ultimate test after the tragic death of his son, when his family turned to his solution to survive. And it sparked a mission: share the equation with the world – including the 500+ wellness leaders at the Global Wellness Summit – through his new book, “Solve for Happy: Engineering Your Path to Joy.” Silvia Garcia is founder of FeelLogic and a happiness science pioneer as the former global director of the innovative Happiness Institute at Coca-Cola. An expert on workforce well-being, at the Happiness Institute she sought to transform lives through the science of happiness applied to the economy, workplace, health, politics and education. Silvia will share with Summit delegates how organizations and cities thrive by fueling happiness – leading to significant increases in innovation, shareholder returns, talent retention and increased productivity. Nancy Etcoff, PhD, is Assistant Clinical Professor at Harvard Medical School, where she teaches the “Science of Happiness” courses – and a psychologist at the Massachusetts General Hospital Department of Psychiatry. Part of a new vanguard of cognitive researchers investigating what makes humans happy – and whether and how we evolved for happiness – her work on happiness exposes often surprising, counter-intuitive results. She has also given a popular TED talk entitled “Happiness and Its Surprises.” For more information, contact Beth McGroarty: beth.mcgroarty(at)globalwellnesssummit(dot)com or (+1) 213-300-0107. For info about attending the 2017 Summit: http://www.globalwellnesssummit.com/2017-summit/ About the Global Wellness Summit: The Global Wellness Summit (GWS) is an invitation-only international gathering that brings together leaders and visionaries to positively shape the future of the $3.7 trillion global wellness economy. Held in a different location each year, Summits have taken place in the U.S., Switzerland, Turkey, Bali, India, Morocco, Mexico and Austria. The next will be held at The Breakers Palm Beach, Florida from Oct. 9-11, 2017. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/06/prweb14419870.htm Latest News Lendio Pilots Online Lending Platform with Comcast Business Customers Perkins School for the Blind Launches Initiative to Train One Million Teachers to Educate the World’s Most Vulnerable Children by 2030 Historic Lineup of Experts on the ‘Science of Happiness’ to Keynote at the 2017 Global Wellness Summit Blackstone Federal Joins the Fight to Prevent and End Homelessness in the Nation’s Capital All Traffic Solutions Presents Traffic Data Webinar for Law Enforcement Consumer Survey Reveals Demand for Enhanced Transparency in the Food Industry Study Shows Beautiful Smile Provides High Self-Esteem and Success—CDA Leads the Way MyZone US LLC Participates in OSHA’s Safe + Sound Week BSG Financial Group to Host Webinar About the Emerging Digital Lending Opportunity for Community Financial Institutions Catalyst Funds to Acquire Exceed Defined Shield Fund © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Home News Reviews Video Connected Home Appliances Garden & Garage Health Home Control Home Networking Home Security Hubs & Controllers Internet of Things Kitchen Lighting Security Cameras Thermostats Entertainment Cord Cutting Home audio Smart TVs Streaming Hardware Streaming Media Streaming services Resources    🔎 Lighting Thermostats Home Networking Internet of Things Health and Fitness Security Hubs and Controllers Security Cameras Home Lighting Best white LED smart bulbs Color smart bulbs are fun, but white bulbs are a lot more practical. We’ll help you find the right one. Credit: Rob Schultz Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Christopher Null Freelance Contributor, TechHive | Jun 13, 2017 5:27 AM PT Table of Contents Best white LED smart bulb Runner-up white LED smart bulb Smart light bulb protocols and features Smart bulb, or smart switch? Our latest white LED smart bulb reviews Show More With their rainbow of hues and myriad party tricks, color-tunable LEDs get all the press in the world of smart lighting. It's fun stuff, but the reality is that most of us will rarely find much of a need to turn all the lights in the house blue or red—unless it’s time to celebrate our team winning the World Series. Even then, you’ll probably want to turn them all back to white after the celebration. And with our review of the Stack BR30 Downlight Starter Kit review, we discovered there are varying degrees of smart when it comes to smart lighting. White light is also important in its own right, as today there is plenty of science to show how various shades of white—with variations in color temperature—impact our psychological state. Cool light that's closer to blue has an energizing effect, and is best in the morning. Warm light is relaxing, and is best after the lights go down. If, like a growing number of us, you work where you live, chances are you don’t spend any effort switching bulbs out twice a day in order to optimize your lighting environment. Now you don’t have to. Enter smart “white” light bulbs. Like their color brethren, white bulbs are designed to integrate with the smart home, letting you control your lights via a smart phone, set timers when you’re away from home, and (in many cases) tweak the color temperature of the bulb on the fly. These bulbs typically downplay the party features that are a staple of color-tunable bulb control apps, and many bulbs are a bit less bright than their color brethren. On the other hand, white smart bulbs are invariably less expensive than color bulbs, making it more affordable to roll them out in multiple rooms. [ Further reading: The best white LED smart bulbs ] Best white LED smart bulb   Philips Hue White Ambiance A19 Starter Kit  TechHive rating MSRP $129.99View on Amazon The latest white-only bulb from Philips offers easy access to various color temperatures, and it looks good no matter which type of light you choose. Read TechHive's full review Our choice won’t surprise anyone who’s been following this market. Philips dominates the smart bulb market, and was also our top pick for best color LED smart bulb. The latest Hue bulbs deliver high-quality light, last for tens of thousands of hours, and are backed by a strong warranty. And while it would be easy for Philips to sit back and expect the industry to conform to it as the de facto standard, it has instead worked hard to ensure its products are compatible with other technologies, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Google Home. Plus, Philips Hue bulbs are available in more form factors than any other manufacturer, including the ubiquitous A19 (the most common), BR (bulged reflector), PAR (parabolic reflector), GU (glass reflector with a U-shaped, dual-pin base), and a host of specialty shapes and sizes. Runner-up white LED smart bulb   LIFX White 800  TechHive rating $25.03MSRP $29.99View on Amazon The white version of LIFX’s Wi-Fi connected bulb lacks the maturity of its color sibling. But if you hate dealing with hubs, it’s still worth a look. Read TechHive's full review LIFX once again earns our runner-up prize. It’s a very good product, and unlike Philips’ offering, it doesn’t require a hub to operate because the LIFX White 800 connects directly to your Wi-Fi network. LIFX has also worked hard to be compatible with other smart-home products, including the Amazon Echo and Google Home digital assistants, but its own app is a bit clunky and like its brighter color stablemate, it’s available only in A19 and BR30 form factors. Smart light bulb protocols and features Three control technologies continue to vie for leadership in the smart bulb market (Z-Wave is a major contender in smart lighting, but you won’t encounter it in bulbs—just in switches, plug-in modules, and control panels). ZigBee: Bulbs that use the popular smart-home networking protocol require a bridge to communicate with your home Wi-Fi network. Philips uses ZigBee for its Hue lineup, but it’s not the only adopter. Wi-Fi: This class of bulb talks directly to your Wi-Fi router, with no hub or bridge required. LIFX is the only major vendor marketing color Wi-Fi bulbs today. Bluetooth: These bulbs skip your home network altogether and pair directly with your smartphone or tablet. As such, they can’t be controlled from outside your home. GE and a number of other manufacturers make Bluetooth bulbs, some of better quality than others. Each of these technologies has pros and cons, so before you attempt to settle on a specific bulb, first try to determine which tech is right for you. If you want to hook your bulbs into a broader smart-home system—such as SmartThings or Nest—Bluetooth bulbs are out. You can control more than one bulb with your phone, but you can’t connect it to sensors or other systems inside your home. Don’t like the idea of pairing a bulb to your phone? A Wi-Fi bulb will work best for you, though you won’t have quite as many options as you’ll find with a ZigBee product. This chart compares all the features that each bulb offers. If you want a bulb to illuminate a room, and not just provide ambiance, the number of lumens a given bulb can produce might be the most important spec. That said, smart bulbs, no matter what the technology, still won’t be right for everyone. Notably, most of these bulbs cannot be dimmed via a hardwired wall switch (it messes with the power going to the radio, rendering them useless). Some will fail even if a dimmer is present on the circuit and dialed up to full power. Smart bulb, or smart switch? There’s a significant argument about the best way to install smart lighting, and two approaches present themselves. You can either go with expensive smart bulbs and control them all individually, or you can use cheap dumb bulbs and install smart switches to control all the lights on that circuit. Both approaches make sense, and each has pros and cons. With smart bulbs, the biggest issue is cost, but there’s also complexity to deal with. While bulbs can usually be grouped based on location, this is only as intuitive to manage as the bulb control app. Leviton A smart dimmer switch on the wall, such as this Leviton model, makes more sense than smart light bulbs in some cases. Smart switches, on the other hand, are far more complicated to install—to the point where some users might be uncomfortable dealing with exposed wiring and would prefer to hire an electrician. Smart switches, however, provide more flexibility in many installations. Habituated from years of flipping hard-wired switches, many users (or their children) will instinctively use the wall switch to turn the lights out when they leave a room. Once that happens, all the apps in the world won’t be able to turn the light back on until the switch is returned to the on position. While this won’t be an issue if you install smart switches, you they don't take color temperature tuning into account. That debate aside, today we look at six smart, white-only bulbs, running a wide gamut of technologies and feature sets. If you can’t find a white bulb in this roundup that works for your smart home, it’s safe to say it doesn’t exist. In other words: Take a closer look at smart switches (or, for lamps, smart plugs). There are an increasingly wide range of these available from manufacturers such as Lutron, Elgato, Insteon, Leviton, TP-Link, Belkin, Jasco/GE, and others. There are also a limited number of switches that don’t require hardwiring, including the Bluetooth-based Switchmate. The good news is that bulb prices—in most cases—are going down, so it’s easier to get started with smart bulbs and less punishing should you find that a product doesn’t work for you. That said, we want to get you started on the right foot. So without further ado, here are deep dives into six of the most worthwhile white LED smart bulbs on the market. Our latest white LED smart bulb reviews To comment on this article and other TechHive content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. At a Glance Philips Hue White Ambiance A19 Starter Kit TechHive Rating MSRP $129.99 View on Amazon The latest white-only bulb from Philips offers easy access to various color temperatures, and it looks good no matter which type of light you choose. Read the full review Pros Rich Philips ecosystem offers access to plenty of add-ons Great-looking bulb, great-looking light Ample support for smart-home systems and more Cons These are the most expensive smart bulbs on the market App is simpler with white-only features, but it’s still not perfect Requires proprietary hub Stack Lighting Downlight Starter Kit TechHive Rating $99.00 MSRP $99.00 View on Stack Lighting Stack Lighting is a truly smart lighting solution that optimizes itself for the time of day while also learning from your personal preferences. Read the full review Pros Seamless operation; really controls your lighting without requiring intervention Embedded motion sensor means you don’t have to constantly yell at kids to turn off the lights Thoughtful extras, like nightlight setting, are also included Cons Slow manual operation; can take up to 8 seconds to respond to app controls Pricy for white-only bulbs Hardwired hub required LIFX White 800 TechHive Rating $25.03 MSRP $29.99 View on Amazon The white version of LIFX’s Wi-Fi connected bulb lacks the maturity of its color sibling. But if you hate dealing with hubs, it’s still worth a look. Read the full review Pros Still the most credible Wi-Fi bulb on the market Solid brightness provided in more directional settings; plenty of tuning options Works reasonably well with hard-wired dimmer switches (but not Z-Wave dimmers) Cons App and setup system don’t work as seamlessly with white bulbs as they do with color Party modes are largely superfluous Relatively pricey (don’t pay MSRP) Sengled Element Touch TechHive Rating $17.99 MSRP $17.99 View on Amazon Sengled’s inclusion of a physical switch directly on its ZigBee-compatible bulb is a genius idea, but its engineering needs a do-over. Read the full review Pros Physical on-bulb switch sounds handy, but it’s better in theory than in reality Solid brightness level Auto-dimming also brings down color temperature Cons On-bulb switch is too awkward to use except in an emergency Limited color-tuning options may not sit well with all implementations Default color temperature feels too cold General Electric C by GE LED light bulb starter pack TechHive Rating $50.48 MSRP $75.00 View on Amazon GE’s bulbs try to simplify color temperature tuning, but they leave power users behind. Read the full review Pros C-Sleep is one of the brightest bulbs on the market Limited tunability might be preferable for those who find in-depth tuning overwhelming Attractive, familiar form factor Cons C-Sleep light tuning is non-intuitive, particularly with timer settings C-Life bulbs include no timer options Relatively expensive considering the feature set Cree, Inc. Connected Soft White TechHive Rating $14.97 MSRP $15.00 View on Amazon Cree's Connected Soft White LED light bulb isn't the prettiest lighting fixture, and it can't change colors like some other LED bulbs, but it's smart and it's inexpensive to acquire and operate. Read the full review Pros Very affordable hardware; among the least-expensive available Universal design means bulbs can fit into existing ZigBee systems Cheap-looking design is actually more durable than expected Cons Considerable setup difficulties Bulbs aren’t temperature tunable Bulbs can be slow to respond to app commands TP-Link Smart Wi-Fi Dimmable LED (LB120) TechHive Rating $34.98 MSRP $34.99 View on Amazon The LB120 is a decent Wi-Fi-only alternative to the LIFX bulb, but its limited brightness is a major concern. Read the full review Pros Solid construction quality Circadian automatic color-tuning feature is well designed and works great Handy usage screen shows you exactly how much power you’re using Cons Extremely dim compared to its competition No ability to group bulbs into rooms so several can be controlled at once No geofencing system to activate lights when you leave and arrive home Related: Lighting Connected Home Home Tech Christopher Null is a veteran technology and business journalist. He contributes regularly to TechHive, PCWorld, and Wired, and operates the websites Drinkhacker and Film Racket. Follow Email "Best white LED smart bulbs" To: Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From reCAPTCHA 
				     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Latest Reviews Philips Hue Lightstrip Plus on Amazon $89.99 Zuli Smartplugs IAV LightSpeaker iLumi LED Smart Bulb (A19) on Amazon $49.99 iLumi Illumi LED Smart Bulb (BR30) on Amazon $39.99 You might also like Best home security camera: Our favorite tools for keeping an eye on the home front Updated: 5/31/17 Best high-resolution digital audio player: Which DAP reigns supreme? Updated: 5/19/17 Best 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray player Updated: 6/07/17 Right Now Get a $20 Amazon Dash Wand With Alexa For Free - Deal Alert Today's Your Last Chance To Buy Dad A Discounted Echo or Kindle Device - Deal... 61% off Jackery Bolt 6,000mAh Power Bank with Built-in Lightning and Micro USB... You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon TechHive TechHive helps you find your tech sweet spot. We steer you to products you'll love and show you how to get the most out of them. About Us Contact Us Magazines, eBooks & Apps Newsletters RSS Privacy Policy Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Ad Choices TechHive CATEGORIES Connected Home Cord Cutting Home Audio Home Networking Home Security Hubs & Controllers Internet of Things Lighting Smart Appliances Streaming Media Thermostats IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub PCWorld Macworld Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Financial X-Ray Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Financial X-Ray Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Financial X-Ray Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Financial X-Ray Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Cong should apologise for Dikshit's remarks: Singh Thai junta vows to force through China railway Business Standard Google seals deal with Indonesia on tax: minister AFP  |  Jakarta  June 13, 2017 Last Updated at 17:28 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWUS0l ALSO READ Tax kitty crosses estimate, govt mops up Rs 17.10 lakh cr France raises 'terror tax' to support victims of attacks Finmin allows PFC to issue bonds free of capital gains tax Infra industry optimistic of tax sops in budget No proposal to levy service tax on healthcare: Govt Indonesia has reached an agreement with Google over payment of taxes, the country's finance minister said today, after a long-running dispute with the US tech giant. The two sides have been locked in a row since last year when the government alleged that the California-based company had refused to cooperate with its tax office. A senior tax official had claimed the company had not fulfilled its obligations and owed over USD 400 million in taxes and fines for 2015 alone. Google insisted it had paid all taxes due in Indonesia since opening its Jakarta office in 2011. Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati told reporters today that "we had a discussion with them (Google) and reached an agreement based on the 2016 tax report, but because it is confidential we don't disclose the amount". She did not give further details, and it was not clear whether an agreement had also been reached regarding tax payments prior to 2016. No one from the tax office or Google's Jakarta office could be reached for comment. Jakarta has also put pressure on other foreign tech behemoths such as Facebook and Yahoo over their tax arrangements inside Indonesia. Global tech businesses have flooded Indonesia in recent years to capitalise on the exploding number of internet users in the Southeast Asian nation, where an increasing number of people are going online for the first time using smartphones. A third of Indonesia's 255 million have access to the internet but analysts say that number is likely to increase as connectivity improves across the sprawling archipelago. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Tax | Finance | Government | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Calculate Your Premium in Seconds and Buy Health Insurance Today Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Google seals deal with Indonesia on tax: minister Indonesia has reached an agreement with Google over payment of taxes, the country's finance minister said today, after a long-running dispute with the US tech giant. The two sides have been locked in a row since last year when the government alleged that the California-based company had refused to cooperate with its tax office. A senior tax official had claimed the company had not fulfilled its obligations and owed over USD 400 million in taxes and fines for 2015 alone. Google insisted it had paid all taxes due in Indonesia since opening its Jakarta office in 2011. Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati told reporters today that "we had a discussion with them (Google) and reached an agreement based on the 2016 tax report, but because it is confidential we don't disclose the amount". She did not give further details, and it was not clear whether an agreement had also been reached regarding tax payments prior to 2016. No one from the tax office or Google's Jakarta office could be ... Indonesia has reached an agreement with Google over payment of taxes, the country's finance minister said today, after a long-running dispute with the US tech giant. The two sides have been locked in a row since last year when the government alleged that the California-based company had refused to cooperate with its tax office. A senior tax official had claimed the company had not fulfilled its obligations and owed over USD 400 million in taxes and fines for 2015 alone. Google insisted it had paid all taxes due in Indonesia since opening its Jakarta office in 2011. Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati told reporters today that "we had a discussion with them (Google) and reached an agreement based on the 2016 tax report, but because it is confidential we don't disclose the amount". She did not give further details, and it was not clear whether an agreement had also been reached regarding tax payments prior to 2016. No one from the tax office or Google's Jakarta office could be reached for comment. Jakarta has also put pressure on other foreign tech behemoths such as Facebook and Yahoo over their tax arrangements inside Indonesia. Global tech businesses have flooded Indonesia in recent years to capitalise on the exploding number of internet users in the Southeast Asian nation, where an increasing number of people are going online for the first time using smartphones. A third of Indonesia's 255 million have access to the internet but analysts say that number is likely to increase as connectivity improves across the sprawling archipelago. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Google seals deal with Indonesia on tax: minister Indonesia has reached an agreement with Google over payment of taxes, the country's finance minister said today, after a long-running dispute with the US tech giant. The two sides have been locked in a row since last year when the government alleged that the California-based company had refused to cooperate with its tax office. A senior tax official had claimed the company had not fulfilled its obligations and owed over USD 400 million in taxes and fines for 2015 alone. Google insisted it had paid all taxes due in Indonesia since opening its Jakarta office in 2011. Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati told reporters today that "we had a discussion with them (Google) and reached an agreement based on the 2016 tax report, but because it is confidential we don't disclose the amount". She did not give further details, and it was not clear whether an agreement had also been reached regarding tax payments prior to 2016. No one from the tax office or Google's Jakarta office could be reached for comment. Jakarta has also put pressure on other foreign tech behemoths such as Facebook and Yahoo over their tax arrangements inside Indonesia. Global tech businesses have flooded Indonesia in recent years to capitalise on the exploding number of internet users in the Southeast Asian nation, where an increasing number of people are going online for the first time using smartphones. A third of Indonesia's 255 million have access to the internet but analysts say that number is likely to increase as connectivity improves across the sprawling archipelago. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google's Two Pronged Approach To Search Spam: Ignore vs Penalize Google's Two Pronged Approach To Search Spam: Ignore vs Penalize Jun 13, 2017 • 7:41 am | (21) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story We've known for some time now that Google sometimes selects to ignore spam and sometimes selects to penalize the spam (i.e. devalues vs demotes). The topic came up again when we covered how Gary from Google talked about how they ignore Forbe's link spam. John Mueller in yesterday's Google hangout at the 46:32 mark into the video where one webmaster discusses how this Forbes spam happens. He explains: There is another thing John that you probably would need to be aware of. There is a website called people per hour, I don't know if you heard? So what what people go there, they go there and say for example, I can publish a story about you in let's say Forbes or Lifehacker or another website and these websites, the Forbes, doesn't know anything about this for example. So these people per hour, they take money to write this story and they go to Forbes and they say, we have a, would you like a guest post from us, it's a free guest post okay and they look at the it, it’s a nice story and they publish. So that means for a links on one page is Forbes source web sites like this responsible for that? They have no idea that the person will actually she or he got paid and that may be fair - because he has to be paid for her work or whoever that person? John responds explaining that they recently issued a warning about this and it has been an issue for a long time that the search quality team is aware of. He said Google takes a "two-pronged approach" with this type of spam. Specifically "on the one hand manually we try to take action where we think it's necessary on the other hand algorithmically we try to ignore things that we can kind of isolate," he said. Here is the video embed at the start time: Here is the answer transcript: Yeah so this kind of guest posting isn't really new. It's something that has been around for quite a while and we we've been dealing with that for a while as well. In end of May, we did a blog post about some of these issues, let me just copy that into the chat, with regards to especially these kind of link schemes, where where some company goes to different bloggers and says hey I would like to buy a guest post here here and here and I want a link to my website from your guest post. So that's something that our web spam team is well aware of and our algorithms are also kind of working to to handle that algorithmically as well. So in general what happens in cases like this is when we can recognize that this kind of activity is happening across a site, we tend to lose trust in those links. So for example if I don't know on my blog there's like constant guest posters, they're always linking to these random sites that they get paid for. Then the web spam team might say, ok we see you're doing this, it's your site you can do whatever you want with it, but we're not going to trust any of those links. None of those links are going to provide any value for any of those sites. So essentially you're publishing this but those other sites that are paying for this type of links are not getting any value. So that's kind of the approach we try to take there. That is similar to two other things where when we can recognize that something is happening in a bad way and we can just ignore what the bad part of that and focus on a good part then we'll try to do that. So for example, with keyword stuffing, if we can recognize that a page is doing keyword stuffing and we can just ignore the keyword stuff part and focus on rest, then that for us is also kind of a reasonable approach. Because we can't fix all pages. We can inform the webmasters and say hey you're doing this wrong, we can send them notifications from the web spam team but sometimes there are still useful information on those pages and we want to rank those pages for the useful part not for the kind of keyword stuffing bad part. So that's kind of a two-pronged approach that we take there. On the one hand manually we try to take action where we think it's necessary on the other hand algorithmically we try to ignore things that we can kind of isolate. Forum discussion at YouTube. Previous story: Google Animated Logo For ICC Champions Trophy 2017   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 06/09/2017 08:45 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Firefox 54, Faster, Less Resources Snapchat Now Offers Self-Serve Advertising With Snap Publisher Tool Digital Point Forums $100 logo design - Anime shop Want-to-Hire: GA Experts! Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google: Our Quality Algorithms Don't Use Machine Learning In A Targeted Way Google: Our Quality Algorithms Don't Use Machine Learning In A Targeted Way Jun 13, 2017 • 8:13 am | (15) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story John Mueller from Google answered a question about if Google's search quality algorithms, such as Panda, Penguin and others, use machine learning these days. I assume the question was asked by Glenn Gabe and John Mueller basically said Google doesn't use them in a "targeted way." He explained that it might be used for determining as a whole if a site is good or bad but not specifically for specific types of penalties. Truth is, his answer isn't 100% clear. Let me share the question and answer: Glenn Gabe asked: Is machine learning being used by Google's quality algorithms to determine what is disruptive, annoying or aggressive from a usability standpoint? For example I need to find clunky user interfaces aggressive advertising, deceptive ads etc? John Mueller answered: I don't know, so I don't think we were currently looking into any of these items specifically. It might be that our quality algorithms are looking at this a bigger picture view to try to figure out what is a sign of a good website, what's a sign of a bad website. Maybe some of this kind of correlates with what happens on good and bad websites. But there are also lots of really good, high-quality websites that use kind of annoying monetization methods. So it's something where I don't know if you could map like the monetization method to the quality of the content and really draw a line like that. So from that point of view I don't know if that would be something that our algorithms would explicitly use like that. I suspect maybe some of this is flowing into our algorithms in general but not in a very targeted way at the moment. Here is the video embed so you can watch it yourself, it starts at the 1:33 mark, so right away: Here are more stories from us on machine learning in Google's search algorithms: Google: Penguin Doesn't Use Machine Learning Within The Algorithm Google: Machine Learning Won't Take Over The Google Algorithm Google: Machine Learning Can Be Used To Make New Ranking Signals Out Of Old Ones Former Google Spam Fighter: Machine Learning Already In Spam Algorithms Google: Machine Learning For Spam Detection & Search Quality Is Coming Google's Use Of Machine Learning In Ranking & Spam Algorithms Is Complicated Google's Paul Haahr: We Don't Fully Understand RankBrain Forum discussion at Twitter. Previous story: Gary Illyes: Don't Hug Me Or Google Will Manually Review Your Site   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 06/09/2017 08:45 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Firefox 54, Faster, Less Resources Snapchat Now Offers Self-Serve Advertising With Snap Publisher Tool Digital Point Forums $100 logo design - Anime shop Want-to-Hire: GA Experts! Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google Play Music on Android Auto not working? Google knows, and here’s a workaround +14,306 Quentyn Kennemer Jun 13th, 2017 Many Android Auto users have been chiming in regarding an issue that throws out an error message anytime they try to play music through Google Play Music. Nasty bug, that, considering music control is probably one of the biggest reasons to even use Android Auto. If you’ve been experiencing this bug, you’ll be happy to know you’re not alone. Tons of folks have reported the issue, and Google has a team investigating and working on a fix right now. You can go ahead and submit your information in this thread if you want to help them track the cause. But if you just want to listen to your tunes, you’ll also be glad to know there’s a workaround, though it’s not all that elegant at the moment. The fix is to simply reboot your device, after which you should be able to enjoy the tunes for your commute. The dirty catch is that you may have to repeat this step every time you want to enjoy a listening session. That’s sure to be annoying, but it’s better than nothing for now. Be sure to keep an eye on this thread at Google’s product forums if you want updates on the company’s progress. local_offer    Android Auto   Google   Google Play Music   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (7) stars Further Reading Google Now transparent design Pixel Launcher crosses 1 million downloads Android Excellence highlights top apps and games Google hires former Apple SoC architect Google will keep two devices in the Pixel 2 lineup stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertTop 5 Apps of the Week closeTop 5 Android Apps of the Week (June 9, 2017) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 2 more_vertTurn old phone into Google Home closeHow to turn an old phone into a Google Home You probably already have a device with Google Assistant (or the old Google voice search) built-in. Why not save $130 and make your own Google Home? 3 more_vertGoogle posts support deadline for Pixel, Nexus hardware closePSA: Google stops guaranteeing support for Pixel and Nexus devices the day they stop receiving updates Google has updated their support documents to note the time period which Pixel and Nexus owners can expect to receive support for their devices, both online or over the phone. 4 more_vertThe OnePlus 5 will start at $479 closeReport: The OnePlus 5 will be priced at $479 and will include 6GB RAM A new report claims that the OnePlus 5 will come in two variants; one with 6GB of RAM and another with 8GB of RAM. Pricing for the device is claimed to start at $479. 5 more_vertWhy US Sony phones don't use fingerprint sensors closeWe might finally know the real reason Sony couldn’t bring fingerprint sensors to the US, and it’s all Apple’s fault We’ve known that something was keeping Sony from using fingerprint sensors in the US, but now we know. It’s all Apple’s fault. Of course it’s Apple’s fault. 6 more_vertSamsung working on GPU closeSamsung is rumored to have created its own GPU for phones Samsung makes a lot of their smartphone components in-house, including the display and processors (in some models). A new rumor suggests they’re working on their own GPUs as well. 7 more_vertHTC U11 unboxing and first impressions [VIDEO] closeHTC U11 unboxing and first impressions [VIDEO] The HTC U11 is now officially available for purchase and with that, the Samsung Galaxy S8 just met its biggest competition yet. For more on our first impressions with the device, check out the post. 8 more_vertAndroid Auto experiencing a music bug closeGoogle Play Music on Android Auto not working? Google knows, and here’s a workaround Many Android Auto users have been chiming in regarding an issue that throws out an error message anytime they try to play music through Google Play Music, but Google is on the case, and here’s a workaround for you in the meantime. 9 more_vertGalaxy Note 8 may be first Snapdragon 836-powered smartphone closeSamsung Galaxy Note 8 rumored to be powered by Snapdragon 836 Rumors suggest the Galaxy Note 8 will be the first phone to arrive powered by the Snapdragon 836 processor. 10 more_vertGear S3 at Verizon closeSamsung Gear S3 Frontier and Classic are finally available at Verizon After nearly six months of waiting, the Samsung Gear S3 family is available at Verizon. Both the Gear S3 Frontier and Gear S3 Classic are on sale for $400 or $350 with a two-year contract. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... The largest of Google's 2017 devices, codenamed 'Taimen,' may be built by LG Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/12 8:32pm PDTJun 12, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 4 Share on Facebook 7 Share on Twitter Total Shares25 Google Leaks LG News Back in March, we learned that Google may be working on a third device for 2017, called 'Taimen' (Google traditionally names products after fish). This third model would be bigger than the next Pixel and Pixel XL, codenamed 'Walleye' and 'Muskie' respectively. It's not known for sure that Taimen will be a larger Pixel phone, just that it will be larger in size than Walleye and Muskie. Earlier today, we reported that Muskie has likely been cancelled, leaving Walleye and Taimen the only phones Google will reveal this year. Now it seems that Taimen may be manufactured by LG. 9to5Google spotted an issue on the Google Issue Tracker, titled 'USB PD Compliance Failure.' The second comment on the report seems to reveal that Taimen is being manufactured by LG, with the device being called "G011C" in the linked power report. Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X. Considering that the bootlooping Nexus 5X is still fresh on consumers' minds, with a lawsuit currently pending, it seems hard to believe that Google would be welcome to LG making another device. Personally, I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacturer (my Nexus 5 and 5X both died after about a year of use), but let us know what you think in the comments. Via: 9to5Google Tags bootloop Google LG taimen subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Logitech Harmony Elite only $250 at Amazon and Best Buy ($100 off) ... Next Story Logitech announces Circle 2 home security cameras—weatherproof, wired or wireless, and ... Trending 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments james fuston Can't agree. My Nexus 5 was fantastic and I'm totally fine with LG manufacturing a Pixel. Snowsky Mountain I'm hoping that even if there was a problem with some LG phones like the G4, they've fixed it by now with the V20 and G6. Those seem like (relatively) stable phones, at least compared to the G4 and V10. JSo I'm currently using a v10 after my Nexus 5X died. I'm scared for it every day now. Lol Randroid V20 still has the same issue: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The G6 hasn't been out long enough for us to know yet. (The 5X generally bootloops around the 13 month mark) Anthony Castanza Same, LG made the Nexus 4 and Nexus 5, two of the best phones I've ever owned, I'm willing to give them another chance. james fuston Not to mention the level of support Google offers on Nexus/Pixel phones is far superior to working directly with OEMs like LG. The Nexus (later Pixel) support team is easily one of the best customer support interactions I've ever had. aRvInD Everything was fine till Nexus 5. Other issues like Power button prob etc maybe there but LG was doing well in making compact phones, until phones #bootloop. If LG explicitly agrees this #bootloop issue and positively declares they've fixed this issue, like Samsung did with Note 7 battery explosion story on S8, I will be glad to hope on them... I have hope because my LG Nexus 4, still works nice/flawless for almost 5 years!... Giampi Had a Nexus 5 and sold to buy OPO (worst decision ever). I've had 2 5X (the first died because it fell into the toilet by my lovely son hands and the second one is working perfectly). Using a Pixel now but just because I wanted some new toy. c00ller Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information. Your positive experience with the Nexus 5 is obsolete and unrepresentative of the more recent LG manufactured devices such as the Nexus 5X (mentioned in the post, guess you didn't bother to click on the relevant link) and the G4. Get informed by checking out /r/Nexus5X for example (there is a stickied post titled, "Bootloop megathread 2.0" for crying out loud). After just a few minutes of browsing it should be crystal clear why most Nexus 5X owners will forever avoid LG (and dissuade their friends/family from choosing LG as well). BFRC As you might know, there is a very large gap between individual 5X devices. I have used the Nexus 5, and currently running the 5X, and both of these devices have worked flawlessly over the last few years. My gf has my N5 and is still using it, also satisfied with its performance. Because of it, there is a large split in confidence with LG for newer devices; I would still consider getting a new LG phone if I wouldn't be aware of the mass issues, whereas many others would definitely stay away from anything they'd produce. Jerzy Michał Pawlak My Nexus 5X bootlooped 13 months after purchase... so what? LG fixed it quickly and without fuss (we have 2 years manufacturer's warranty here) and the phone works great again. Problems can happen with every manufacturer (my old Samsung Note 2 bootlooped 4 months after purchase, due to faulty RAM) and LG has shown good quality of service in this case. Large_Hadron The other posters' experience of the Nexus 5 is relevant because the author of the article cited the 5 as one of the reasons they would avoid a LG-built Pixel. Actually I know several people who are still using Nexus 5s. I've only ever seen a 5X in the wild once. The G6 would be the obvious device to watch if you want information on LG's recent manufacturing, as that will be 6 months old by the time the next Pixels are released (I've not seen reports of it having problems yet, but let's give it a few more months). Ryan We get it, we know. But one phone (after all, the 5x is just a warmed over G4) being a screw-up doesnt negate they had a few years of greatness. Maybe they can get back there if they learn from their mistakes. james fuston Ah yeah, I forgot to mention my G6 is also great. hope that makes my opinion less "obsolete" in your mind. Raz My N5 is still going strong and I use it every day as my spare device. My wife and mother-in-law are using their N5X for more than one year without any issues. Don't discount a manufacturer for some bad phones. Samsung still owns a decent share of the Android market and are one of the few companies that had a device banned on most US flights. Just saying. FoxBJK Subreddits around old phones really don't have much to focus on years after the phone was released. Are 5 and 5x owners supposed to hop over to those subs just to say "My phone's working great, sorry you're all having trouble"? It wouldn't go well. What else are they supposed to talk about that wouldn't apply to other, more general subreddits? It's not a fair assessment to look at those subs, and it's just condescending to say someone's wrong because their phone still works, and they don't know anyone with boot loop issues. I don't know anyone personally suffering from those either, so am I wrong when I say the 5x was a solid device for the price? james fuston Pretty much this. Product-centric subreddits are, in my experience, 90% people who are having a really bad time (outside of the first month of a product launch, where they're all "GOT MY SHIPPING CONFIRMATION!!1!") instinct I was an LG fan after the Nexus 5 and the G2 and G3. I got burned with a G4 (bootloop) but stayed with LG for the G5 for removable battery. It's been a good phone so far, but I am not as big of a fan as I used to be. My brothers 5X and my friends G4's both bootlooped. However, if it's another Nexus 5, I'd probably get it. My favorite phone ever. Nick Coad "Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information." You are lacking current information as well, for example you don't know how many 5Xs were actually affected by the bootloop as a percentage of the overall units sold. I'm not saying the problem is not serious, or even that it is not widespread BUT what I am saying is WE DON'T KNOW how many units had the problem, so any declaration about the prevalence of the issue is based on conjecture, including yours. A subreddit especially is the most ridiculous source to cite for evidence of anything, especially a manufacturing defect, given that only users experiencing the problem are going to be posting. You have no idea how many users are out there using their Nexus 5Xs without issue (like me and a couple of my friends, for example). xyz No, thanks. Reddit is cancer. stirfry Hmmm. LG recently announced 2 year warranties, so it would appear they are standing behind their products. I will definitely be purchasing a LG Pixel 2. My hysterical friends can stuff their dissuasion. rebretz000 I still have my Nexus 5X and I never had any bootloop issues. If the new Pixel XL looks like the LG G6 I will be all over it. Randroid So many of LG's phones bootloop that there's a wikipedia page for "LG smartphone bootloop issues" that contains a list of LG phones that bootloop: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues I will not be buying another LG phone any time soon. ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ...until it boot loops XD VAVAMk_2 Mine still works thomas sim My nexus 5 not affected by infamous bootloop, but another infamous issue of power button failed after one year, replaced it cheap. Replaced battery recently and now in drawer as backup phone. My friend's 5X not so lucky though. Lost confidence on LG already. Ahmad El-Ibrahim It is scary to think LG would be manufacturing. Google really wants​ people to pick up Pixel Protect. Daniel That must be some tasty cereal.... AK Don't worry guys, it'll all be ok. This is not Nexus. This is Pixel. "Made by Google" Pixel. SomeGuy112 True, if LG is just the manufacturer and Google designs and engineers everything, there's hope. DragoCubed Isn't the comment you replied to sarcastic? SomeGuy112 Could be, too hard to tell since the Pixel devices have better build quality than the last two Nexus devices. Midnitte Doesn't matter how well something is engineered if it's put together with duct tape. SomeGuy112 Valid point. Duder12 My Pixel has been solid as fuck. Jealous? AK No, mine has served me well also... silzazsyh i think your post SOUNDED too sarcastic, but it's accurate because the pixels are great AK My bad, wasn't supposed to be. xyz Of all the things to envy other people for, a fucking phone isn't one of them. Get a life. Dirge Pass. Nicholas Matranga I had two Nexus 5xs bootloop. No thanks LG! vineeth pulipati That's a software issue though, not lg's fault caerestapermitido No. Kieron Quinn Ah yes, a software fault that happens regardless of Android version, and happens to many other LG phones too. Seems legit. Randroid Look at reddit.com/r/nexus5x a quick look into a few posts there will tell you that it is NOT software related. People blamed it on Nougat, but mine bootlooped while still on 6.0.1. Also relevant: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Snowsky Mountain Maybe it's so that it can have a bezel-less screen? I think HTC said they weren't able to reduce bezels because they were a smaller OEM, so maybe Google's going with LG because of that. heitor dude, i got a nexus 5 since 2013 and it's still handling things pretty fine. LG does a great job, you're talking shit Gjorgi Lazarovski Do you by chance have a g4, g5, v10, v20 or a 5X? If not your comment makes no sense since bootloop issues were being reported from the g4 onwards. Corbin Davenport Why would I lie about my phone dying? The power button got stuck, and it happened to a ton of people. Just do a search for "nexus 5 power button". https://www.ifixit.com/Answers/View/208337/How+do+I+fix+a+Nexus+5+Power+Button+Issue https://www.reddit.com/r/Nexus5/comments/2rpfuj/nexus_5_broken_power_button_keeps_rebooting/ https://forum.xda-developers.com/google-nexus-5/general/nexus-5-power-button-broken-heres-to-t3049747 https://protyposis.net/blog/replacing-the-nexus-5-power-button/ https://flothesof.github.io/fixing-Nexus5-power-button.html https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/nexus/XwJA0gi4tco Duder12 Whats ridiculous is you are just assuming that LG will have the same level of involvement with the Pixel 2 as they did with the Nexus 5x. The Nexus 5x was a partner device. For all we know LG is nothing but a Foxconn for the Pixel 2 Randroid Problem is that ALL recent devices made by LG are bootlooping, not just the 5X: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Randroid How about the bootloop issues on all of their recent phones? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues D13H4RD2L1V3 Mmmm, fishy cereal SomeGuy112 Google is trading fat bezels for bootloops, would rather have the fat bezels and better build quality from HTC. Rohan J Singh Best news all week .. lg any day over htc. If it's htc then mostly it will be based off u11 type shitty front design. Randroid I'm just gunna leave this here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Rohan J Singh Ofcourse they are going to work on it if they aim to compete with apple which they are Randroid Work on what? The bootloop issue that has been plaguing them for their last 5 releases? Yeah, you go ahead and be part of their test group. Let me know when your device bootloops. Rohan J Singh If i do buy this i will reply to you here, Bookmarked ! Orion Exactly! cadtek91 I dunno what the big deal is. LG and HTC are just manufacturers, like Foxconn is to Apple. Google has final say on design, schematics, layouts, testing, BOMs, components. SomeGuy112 Let's hope that's the case this year, the OG Pixel looks surprisingly simlar to other HTC designs, rumor was HTC gave Google a HTC phone template to base the original Pixel off of because they needed something fast due to a deal gone bad with Huawei, of course that's just a rumor though This year they had lots of time, so hopefully the design is somewhat more unique. Luxferro Don't forget the 6P's battery shutdown issues too. cadtek91 Yeah, that's Hauwei's fault though, not LG's. Patriciaahenry Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dg155c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dg155c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs445DirectGroupsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dg155c:....,.... Chris Thurber Why did you only work 90 hours in the last four weeks if you're making that much per hour? Why not work a normal 80 hour work week?? You'd be a millionaire? Hmm?? HMM??? Luxferro Re-read your initial comment, and tell me why your comment applies to the nexus 5, 5X, but not 6P. demarcmj The point of his original comment was that there is (or should be) a difference between Nexus devices and Pixel devices W.R.T. the role of the manufacturer. Meaning that the problems experienced on Nexus phones need not necessarily deter customers from a Pixel because in this case (theoretically) the phone is being designed by Google and the manufacturer is just building to print. VAVAMk_2 Crap batteries from Huawei. Can confirm. Once replaced they run fine. Luxferro I think part of the issue is Google and could be software too. The phone communicates with the battery over I2C bus. If the phone is at 30% battery, and all of a sudden it powers off and won't turn back on until you connect to a charger for a split second while you press the power button. Then it boots back up with 30% then why did it turn off? Did the cells go into some protection mode? Did the battery say we're running low and tell android to power off? Did the phone mis-interpret I2C communication and think it needs to turn off. I'm sure google could narrow down the problem if they actually looked at it - just monitor the I2C traffic to and from the battery. It's their phone... they sold and marketed it. Nope.jpeg I guess they all have pretty back customer support, so that doesn't matter, either. Large_Hadron The original Pixels had a lot more HTC design in them than Google's marketing would like you to think. I don't think it's a secret that they were a bit of a rush job (though they've overall held up pretty well despite that). Of course they shouldn't be a rush this time, so probably "designed by Google" will be more accurate this time. But I can still understand reservations if people have reason to distrust a particular manufacturer. Randroid Here's a list of LG phones that bootloop (Including the 5x): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The problem is with something at LG and the way they manufacturer their devices. They all bootloop. (All recent models at least) xyz Anything they can do to avoid blaming their precious Google. If the phone has the Google logo on it, then any problems with it are Google's fault. James Briano I'm going to have another look at that "Essential" phone Luxferro I think I'm buying that too. I have mine reserved. Time to try something new than a Google phone. Bombaglad the only thing bugging me about that phone is the absence of amoled wjrandon I never had a problem with my Nexus 5. Frankly I welcome LG over HTC. Considering the publicity of their past hardware problems I'm sure LG's engineers would make sure not to repeat any past mistakes. Bring on that massive 6 inch display. My body is ready! phineasjw I've always bought a new Android phone every two years, however similar to desktops, we've reached mobile CPU performance saturation. I've got a Nexus 6P and really feel no need to upgrade to a new $750 phone with only slightly better performance when the 6P is still blazing along. We'll see what the next Pixel iteration brings.. needa Buy a battery or two now, while you can still get OEM quality. You can thank me later. DragoCubed I'm still using my S4 :P WitnessG This kills the hype. Its hard to trust LG with their flaky past of bad quality. Luxferro The Nexus 6P has similar issues with it's battery... Henry Park That doesn't excuse LG in anyway shape or form, especially since G4 G5 V10 V20 all had similar boot looping problems. Manny Fleurmond V20? I own a V20 and have no problems Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues George famous last words... VAVAMk_2 Huawei used crappy quality batteries that degrade after a year. Replace the battery and it runs great again. I did. Roy But here Google design the phone, so it's different. JSo My Nexus 5X died on me. But my Nexus 5 still runs good. Go figure. I loved both phones though. Curtis Bond I'd sure as hell take LG over HTC. michael interbartolo Lg stepped up and fixed my wife's 5x at 13 months (though did take about 6 weeks) and my 5x at 18 months (turn around was a mere week) so hopefully they learned from their mistakes. portalpirate Poor HTC. Aaron Makes me wonder if the Pixel supply problem wasn't due to production issues at HTC. virk With a dead Nexus 5 and 5X lying around, I'm done with LG. Max If it looks somewhat similar to the G6 shape, keeps the Pixel smoothness and they don't make the mistake of making it larger than a S8+ then they'll have my money for sure! Dan Franchini An LG G6 with an SD 835 and pure Android. Sign me up. Bombaglad they'd need to revive old motorola for that (not the nonsense "moto" they've become under lenovo) Max Johnson I'm not concerned, doesn't seem to be a problem with the G5 and going forward. Bombaglad yeah, the g5 sucked, but didn't bootloop.... OR DID IT?! Christopher Bement Biased much? My N4 and G6 have been flawless, but like you, that's my experience. tim242 For fuck's sake. There is a class actin lawsuit over the issue. Duder12 Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. Randroid Problem is, Google will only perform the replacement if you bought the phone from the Google Store or from Project Fi. If you purchased it anywhere else, you have to go through LG. Luckily I purchased mine from Fi, so when mine bootlooped I got a replacement relatively quickly. destinyhud i know u think u r trying to over smart others but u need to stop. there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid I was referencing the current state of things with the 5x. The comment that I was replying to was talking about Google doing well with the 5x replacements, my comment was specifically about 5x replacements, and is 100% true in that context. Google HAS done a great job with replacements, but LG has NOT. The fact that Google is good at replacing LG's crappy phones is NOT a reason for me to buy a phone that is made by a company that is known for its shoddy hardware. Go ahead and buy more LG stuff. Have fun when it bootloops like the rest of them. destinyhud u r trying to troll with ur comments. u replied to this "Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. " I think u need to get a life. we all know it bootloops but what u r doing is childishly silly Randroid How is that trolling? I'm pointing out facts. Google is good about providing replacements for LG's screw-up; LG is not good at it. "we all know it bootloops" - no, if you read the comments on this page, not everyone knows it bootloops. destinyhud pointing out on every posts?? thats exactly why i said u r trolling with ur childishly silly troll post Ryan Cottrell Weren't all the rumors a year ago saying HTC signed a 2 year, 3 phone contract? Also, maybe they'll have LG make one with a bigger screen, a la G6 since it will minimize component costs, and HTC will make a normal, upgrade from current, Pixel. Si vis pacem, para bellum Given that LG makes the second best smartphone of 2017 so far after the S8, this is good news. Up until now I have never been able to buy any Nexus/Pixel smartphone or tablet in part because most of them weren't even sold here in Western Europe and in part because most of the time there always was some deal breaking spec (especially battery and storage related) and/or lack of some important feature, but I hope that can change soon. Until then, Google will continue to be totally irrelevant on the "hardware side" of the market. iKon It can never be the best phone of 2017, with a 2016 processer. Mike Bastable Well someone certainly has a beef with LG. Simply the most stupid article I have ever read here. Biased and ridiculous. Make me think that A.P. is doing on quality control and impartiality. Piss poor. whispy_snippet Mate. Calm down. Mike Bastable Zen here. However some of the recent articles seem like the ranting of Fanboys (usually found in the comments section) instead of researched articles. A.P is becoming less essential as a result, which is a shame. whispy_snippet Someone's ranting anyway. needa They are all becoming less essential. Nowadays it doesn't really matter what phone you buy... it's going to be a good one. At least AP dives into the code and gets their hands a bit dirty. Everyone else is either a corporate sellout like AC, has terrible page load times due to the ads like AA, or just copy pastes press releases and takes the weekend off like DL. Mike Bastable Points well made Sir_Brizz My Nexus 5 remains my favorite phone of all time. I would love to see a new device with similar design language. whispy_snippet Same here. I have a Pixel now but my old N5 still works! c00ller The number of strong, uninformed, and stubborn opinions in this comments section is a sad reminder of the state of society in general whispy_snippet If we see a hodge podge split design approach with the Pixel I'll be very surprised (and disappointed). DragoCubed It was a lazy design. Flint_PS I don't mind. I've had a Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and am currently using a Nexus 5X. Good phones (although not without faults, obviously), and LG warranty support is pretty great where I live. needa I don't know why you would stay away, unless LG is designing the Pixel from the ground up like they did the Nexus devices. LoE Am I the only one in the world with a perfectly working Nexus 5X? And a perfectly working Nexus 4 before that? I would welcome another LG phone. JD You sir have the unicorn. lomsha Some hope for reduced bezels then lol. Oliver Cervera ✔ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ My Nexus 5 is still rocking, Nexus 5X bootlooping :( Lawstorant Aaaaaaand my interest suddenly dropped to 0. Rohan My nexus 4 worked perfectly till I sold it early this year Dmitry Stepanushkin Same, but wife threw it on floor in underground train station, and screen became unusable. Last thing I did erased it remotely, then it bootlooped and I force powered it off and it went to recycle bin. tmartin yes, mine still runs well (for a phone as old as it is, of course). My N5X started boot looping a few months ago and I brought out my N4 for the month it took LG to fix the 5X. Needless to say, at this point I need a finger print sensor, but the N4 worked well and felt so great in my hand compared to the 5X. Rohan I would instantly get one, jsut for looks if they released a nexus Mini or something with upgrades specs and N4 design. I absolutely loved that phone. Jas Kapadia The leaks are coming! "itshappening.gif" Also thumbs up for that header image. Too good. Dmitry Stepanushkin Add "spoiler alert"😀 Duncan Booth My Nexus 5 got unreliable GPS after nearly 2 years, but was replaced under warranty. My Nexus 5X died completely after 18 months but was replaced under warranty. It's great getting a new phone paid for by Google every couple of years, so as long as they're happy to go with LG I won't have any complaints. Dmitry Stepanushkin Unfortunately not everyone able to get replacement. It FeelsBadMan when thing suddenly breaks and bought somewhere on Ebay. I prefer phones without known major defects over being able to maybe get replacement some day. Rob I'm still using my Nexus 5, and still love it. I won't buy another phone until someone makes a decent one with stock Android that's no bigger. Lucas Araujo Great news! If this is true, there is a chance that the new Pixel can be launched here in Brazil since HTC left the country a few years ago. I guess that you had some very bad luck with your Nexus's devices. I had a Nexus 4, 5 and 5x (my current phone). All of them are still working despite the cracked screen (my fault) and the power button not working properly on the N5. Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues TechGuy22 That's why there's a rumor about bezel being slim since HTC can't make good looking devices anymore Chris You kidding? Nexus 5 was absolutely amazing. yann933 Well considering my 5x just died this Friday, I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;) Looks like the Taimen will be getting 2 years of warranty guys!!!! /s Randroid Google only handles replacements if you bought from Google (or Project Fi.) People who bought from LG, their carrier, or any other source have to go through LG and some are waiting months for a replacement. I, on the other hand, did buy from Fi and got a replacement within about a week. destinyhud there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid As with my other comment, this was specifically talking about 5x replacements. NOT Pixel replacements. Still will never buy another LG phone because I don't want to HAVE to replace my phone when it bootloops. destinyhud no S/he was talking about pixel replacement. read again. his old phone died and "I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;)" Randroid has no problem even if it bootloops but u seem to have a problem with it. 4Ui812 I'm not sure it's the hardware that you have to worry about regarding any new Pixel (fixel) phone as much as it is the software. Randroid If it's made by LG, hardware is what you need to be worried about: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues 4Ui812 My first touch screen phone was a LG (can't remember the name of it) I bought (used) on eBay and never had a issue with it. I've also owned a LG DVD burner (still have it) and a tv in the past. I've only had a few experiences with LG products but every experience had been great. Maybe the company isn't so great anymore ? Randroid Yeah, things change. I *loved* LG's flip phones back in the day. I wouldn't buy a phone if it wasn't LG. But then when smart phones came out the quality was always lacking. Now that they've (kinda) caught up in quality as far as performance is concerned, other issues have popped up. I bought the 5X forgetting that it was made by LG. I honestly probably wouldn't have purchased it even back then if I had realized that fact. LG has never been on the top of the list for smart phones. They were alright for a time, but never on the top. PhantomGamers FWIW I got an OG Nexus 5 on release and it's still running pretty strong, my dad is using it now. Only issue is that the battery dies really fast now, might try and swap it out. Dmitry Stepanushkin I using mine as second phone. All good except battery and some lags coz "only" 2GB of RAM. ROB Be careful with swapping the battery... I killed mine... very depressing. It was a great phone. kamiller42 Cute picture. Spread the hate. I wonder if Samsung articles will be accompanied with images of roasted and burnt marshmallows. Naaaahh. someone755 No because that didn't happen on a mass scale and saw Samsung release a hardware revision that would get swapped out for consumers free of charge, and then later a software update that would render the devices useless. Samsung publicly acknowledged and apologized for the issue and worked together with people and companies to prevent further damage. LG, on the other hand, refuses to even put out a statement to either confirm or deny that the bug exists, despite having several lawsuits launched against them in recent history. The bugs affect many more people than Samsung's battery issue. Samsung should be praised or at least be given a pass because of the way they handled the situation. LG should be shamed both because it's basically stealing from its customers as well as for the waste their dead phones are generating. kamiller42 Samsung handled the issue. Claimed the issue was limited, claimed a fix which wasn't, and several more burned. I think Samsung did handle as best they could, but don't whitewash the event. Exploding phones is far more serious than boot loops. Yet, don't see AP dogging them. Also, not everyone is experiencing boot loops. someone755 Not everyone experienced a burning battery. My point is, and I think you know that, that Samsung reacted to the problem quickly and did several things about it. It may not have been perfect (it certainly wasn't), but it is commendable. LG's attitude is despicable and appalling. Randroid Samsung had 1 phone with an issue, and they quickly addressed it. LG currently has 5, and they still have yet to even try to address the issue. (I say "currently" because there isn't enough data to make a decision about some of their more recent releases.) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues kamiller42 Too quickly addressed. Huh? Recalled, said it was fixed, and then recalled again. No boot loop ever threatened anyone's life. Am I right? I think the Boot Loops cartoon and burnt marshmallows image are infantile. Randroid No bootloop ever threatened anyone's life? I guess you haven't been in an emergency situation without a cell phone. People whose phone have bootlooped are taking MONTHS to be replaced. A lot can happen when you're without a means of contact for 3 months. And again, they're still not comparable. Samsung quickly recalled the product when they found out about the issues. Yes, they messed up by rushing out a replacement that had a similar issue, but then (again) QUICKLY issued another recall. LG has known about these issues for YEARS and has done nothing to remedy them. kamiller42 Which would you rather have in your pocket, a boot looping phone or an exploding one? Randroid Neither, I'd rather the company take responsibility for the problem (like Samsung did) and return my broken phone. Instead, I've got a phone in my pocket that is waiting to bootloop at any time because they replaced it with the same device instead of giving me a device that has no issues. kamiller42 You're talking about response. I'm talking about the problems. I'll take the looping phone. You can keep the burnt leg. demarcmj "Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X." I'm confused by this line. Has the manufacturer of the "Walleye" been leaked yet? Patrick Smithopolis All the tech sites are pretty sure it's HTC. It was reported last year that HTC has an agreement with Google to manufacture the Pixel phones for two or three years. charlie Jason Hopefully LG is capable of making phones with thin bezels, unlike HTC. destinyhud did u miss the G6??? why hopefully? they can make one matteventu I had all the intentions to change my 128GB Pixel XL for the "Pixel XL 2" (or whatever it will be called, regardless of screen size - if not bigger than 6"), but £800 for some LG crap, no thanks, Google you're not going to see my money. Marcelove "I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacture" Yeah, let's buy chinese-slave-labor-made-phone from Xiaomi, Huawei and others instead... blindexecutioner My slave built OnePlus 3T is probably the best built phone I've ever used. You'd think those other manufacturer's could get it right if they're using higher paid free-living adults. Alex Kruger Before people start freaking out about LG, they fixed the design flaw that was leading to boot looping. They no longer have the battery and processor next to each other, they're in separate sides of the phone (processor is on top and the battery is in the bottom) with a heat pipe in between. They started doing this with the G6, which has not suffered and major boot looping issues, and has sold significantly better that the G5 and (I believe) the V10 and V20. I, and many tech bloggers (including Android Police) have been really impressed with the G6 and how well it's aging. Randroid You mean the G6 that release 2 months ago? Yeah, it's aging well. The average time it takes for a 5X to bootloop is around 13 months, so there is no useful data as to how this device will handle at that point of its lifetime. Ryan I only finally had the bootloop issue but I had the extended warranty. While I am not as happy with my 5x my Nexus 4 was an EXCELLENT phone. I even fired it up and used it for the two days I had to wait for my replacement 5x. So, for me, if LG put as much effort into the Pixel as they did the Nexus 4 I could see it being interesting. But if its like the 5x no way, not for Pixel prices. Patrick Smithopolis My Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and Nexus 5X are all working without issue. tmartin Isn't Google supposed to be designing these from the ground up, with LG just acting as a manufacturing partner?? Or have we all moved past that? blindexecutioner Did people really believe that? The Pixel is very clearly an HTC designed phone. Berni Hargrove But wasn't that just because they were short on time? Mike I Author of this article is loose. LG 5x is not in a lawsuit. I'm staying away from you Corbin. tmartin Is Taimen going to be a tango phone? I'm starting this rumor if its not already out there. _jsw_ Literally came here to post this. I hope so, and, if it is, I'm buying it... assuming I don't buy the Asus Zenphone AR first. Tango isn't quite there yet, but it's so tantalizingly close. tmartin Yeah, I don't know. I was planning on getting the XL and Taimen sounds bigger than I want. But maybe I can be convinced. Then again, if I can't fit the thing in my pocket, kind of a deal breaker. tmartin It does sound like Google is wanting to do more with it. I'm skeptical of the whole VR/AR thing, but it is fun to watch it come together. _jsw_ I've got the Tango Tablet, which still runs but is getting really *really* old now (it's never been upgraded past KitKat!!). Still, I've done some coding on it and used it to build decent 3D models of spaces, but the sensors and CPUs weren't quite what I needed. Add a second actual camera on the other end/bottom for real stereoscopic range finding, and the potential is massive. A legit 3D scanner in your hand is an awesome concept. As far as AR/VR goes, though... I think you also need that second camera so that you can look "through" it when it's in a headset and still get stereoscopic vision. The Samsung Gear VR lets you do AR via a passthough of the camera when you're using it, but it seems too "flat" because of only having one "eye". I realize Google isn't going to have two rear-facing cameras, but... if someone would, that would finally be a useful VR/AR headset-capable device. disastrousrainbow I've owned three LG devices in my life. The G3, Nexus 5X, and G5. Neither one of those phone's ever boot looped for me. I'm not saying it's not a problem (because obviously it is for some) but judged off my experience, comments on here, and even the couple of friends I know that are using LG's, I feel as if the severity of this issue is due to a small minority making big noise about it. Shaun Smith Enter the G6 clone. Ugh Shaun Smith I know it's supposed to be bigger, but just remembering when Google asked Moto for a big phone and we ended up with a giant Moto X named Shamu cellabonez Time for sony to make a Nexus StankyChikin N5, G4, V10, Currently on G6 - Have had them all.. Rest have been handed down and work great still. JOAT I had a Nexus 5x and needed a warranty replacement​. Please no, Google!!! sraj49 Let us not forget that the hardware and software is total responsibility of Google and LG had no day in it. I am surprised that a comment like this coming from the author whom I respect for a good analysis King_Android Essential "The Phone" FTW!!!!!!! Joshua Binyard I don't know of any manufacturer that hasn't had issues with their phones, at one point or another. No I'm getting my next pixel 2 "the biggest one" no matter who makes it. And if it acts up I will trade it in. I hope the phone and the case are released at the same time Roy I think it's great. Let's think about it for a little​. Google wanted LG's OLED and in the same time was looking for a new Factory to build the next Pixel. Maybe LG was like you wont our best displays first in line take us to build the next Pixel. In the meantime HTC can't hel to build the new pixel without big bezels and not enough big battery and if Google ever wanted to bring back the front stereo speakers it's really difficult with HTC. LG roking​ with the G6 with tiny bezels. So with LG'S new OLED they can save more place for compact design big battery and the way Google get great display more likely with HDR and can bring back the stereo speakers:) Everybody wins. blindexecutioner Any manufacturer is better than HTC. I hope Google takes some of LG's design the way they took HTC's dated design as well (Even though they say they were responsible or the design it was clearly HTC inspired just like the Nexus devices have always been). Indianajonze well they made the nexus 5 as well, and that phone was amazing. personally, i welcome any opportunity that allows for the possibility we'll get an lcd screen over oled... Gytole Had the G2,3,4,5 and V20, never had a bootloop. I'm for it. Lisandro what a way to kill a phone even before being manufactured Tech Dude My prior LG phones were great. LG G2 and a coupleof LG G3s still going strong as emergency devices. Now my Nexus 6P.. I'm on my forth. No more devices from Huawei. Morenicano That "Boot Loops" picture tho....... 😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Orion Ummmm no. Never seen any issues with LG. This will be my next phone if the specs come correct. xyz Bollocks. Nexus 5 was the best Google branded phone ever. Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 172 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 33 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 395 1 Year Ago Today Editorial: iOS 10 is Apple’s not-so-secret love letter to Android 2016/06/15 4:50pm PDTJun 15, 2016 52 2 Years Ago Today Google Maps Now Warns You If You Are Navigating To A Place That Will Be Closed When You Arrive 2015/06/15 2:52pm PDTJun 15, 2015 43 3 Years Ago Today PSA: No, The OnePlus One Is Not Waterproof, So Don't Try This At Home 2014/06/15 11:20am PDTJun 15, 2014 2 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Emancy: Borderline War, Shelter, And Beejumbled 2013/06/15 5:49pm PDTJun 15, 2013 21 5 Years Ago Today Zombies, Run! Spices Up Your Running Routine With A Little Undead Uprising 2012/06/15 10:20pm PDTJun 15, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today [Updated] EVO Shift 4G Gingerbread OTA Update Dropping June 17th 2011/06/15 3:41pm PDTJun 15, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today HTC Aria Coming June 20th To AT&T, Initial Hands-On Impressions Surface 2010/06/15 5:50pm PDTJun 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 30 Google adds Play Store support to more Chromebooks from Acer, Dell, ASUS, HP, Lenovo, and Samsung 2017/06/15 11:01am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 173 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 124 queries | 0.412s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) Matthew Sholtz View All Posts 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 4 Plus 1 on G+ 17 Share on Facebook 27 Share on Twitter Total Shares48 Applications Best Apps/Games/LWPs Of The Week News Roundups Videos Article Contents 1 Featured App 1.1 DigiCal Calendar Agenda 2 Apps 2.1 Stack Overflow 2.2 CineTrak: Your Movie Diary 2.3 ES Disk Analyzer - Storage Space 2.4 Shabaam - GIF with sound 3 Manufacturer And Tie-In Apps 3.1 Secure Folder 3.2 PlayStation™Video Android TV 3.3 Edge Swipe - for HTC U11 3.4 MyScript Nebo - Preview 3.5 SLIVER.tv 4 Live Wallpapers 4.1 Spirly - Live Wallpaper 5 Know A Worthy New App? Let Us Know! Welcome to the roundup of the best new Android applications and live wallpapers that went live in the Play Store or were spotted by us in the previous week or so. Please wait for this page to load in full in order to see the widgets, which include ratings and pricing info. Looking for the previous roundup editions? Find them here. Featured App DigiCal Calendar Agenda Today's roundup is presented by DigiCal Calendar Agenda from Digibites. DigiCal is a powerful and customizable calendar app that offers a plethora of features not normally found in your device's default calendar. You can select from seven different calendar views, a light and dark theme, multiple widgets, integrated weather forecasts, an invitation management system, and over fifty thousand public calendars for integration with personal or corporate planning. DigiCal Calendar Agenda is free to download and use, but you can also pick up DigiCal+ Calendar, which is a premium key that unlocks extra features such as a year view, even more monthly widgets, extra customization options, and an ad-free experience for a $4.99 one-time payment. -- Our daily planner has a clean design and multiple agenda views to make scheduling quick and easy. Schedule appointments with our easy to use planner that offers the day, week, agenda, month, text month, list and year view to all your events. Use our planner to organize and get a clear overview of your busy schedule with 9 beautiful pre-set themes available for the list, grid, day, day list, text month and month widgets. Get access to more than 560k+ public holiday, sports and TV schedules worldwide that you can add to your agenda. Detailed weather info is displayed in our planner: temperature, humidity, precipitation, pressure, cloud cover, wind, sunrise and sunset. Improve visibility at night and save energy. Lots of color options for your organizer including color synchronization with Google Calendar. Download QR-Code DigiCal Calendar Agenda Developer: Digibites Price: Free+ Apps Stack Overflow As popular as the Stack Overflow website is, I would have never thought it would take this long to get an official app released on Android? With the title's debut this week, you will receive every main feature that would be expected when using the website. That means you get push notifications, question drafts with markdown support, as well as quality search functions with plenty of filters. Whether you are a professional or enthusiast programmer, Stack Overflow in its app form is a much-needed tool. This is especially true when you consider that Stack Overflow is available for free and there are no advertisements or in-app purchases to ruin the experience. -- Stack Overflow is the can’t-code-without-it site where professional and enthusiast programmers ask their toughest questions and get answers from their peers. Learn, share and level up — on the go — with the Stack Overflow official app. Read, ask, answer, comment, flag and vote on questions. Get a push notification when someone answers or comments on your question. Anything that would trigger a Stack Overflow inbox message will trigger an app notification. As always, you can easily turn notifications on and off via settings. Search and filter by active, newest, votes and more. Draft questions on the go, even when you’re offline. Markdown tools make it easy to add images and code blocks. Get back to good questions with a browsing-history view that lists questions you’ve recently looked at. Download QR-Code Stack Overflow Developer: Stack Exchange Price: Free CineTrak: Your Movie Diary CineTrak: Your Movie Diary is just that, a movie diary. You will be able to keep track of all of your watched movies by building a personal watchlist. This way you will never forget what you have and have not watched yet. There is also full Trakt.tv integration, as well as cloud sync through your favorite social media sign-in. It is worth pointing out that CineTrak: Your Movie Diary is a freemium release. That does mean you can expect advertisements along with in-app purchases that range up to $99.99 per item. -- CineTrak lets you find the best movies, build your watchlist, and check reviews and ratings from many sources such as Trakt, IMDB, Metacritic and Rotten Tomatoes. CineTrak is built on Google Material Design and offers a gamified environment which makes watching movies fun and motivational. Download QR-Code CineTrak: Your Movie Diary (Unreleased) Developer: CineTrak Price: Free+ ES Disk Analyzer - Storage Space ES Disk Analyzer - Storage Space is the newest app from ES Global. Essentially this release is a disk storage management app that gives you the necessary tools to keep your phone running smoothly. These tools range from image compression to app battery usage. While most power users will see this release as unnecessary, there are those out there that find such tools helpful. ES Disk Analyzer - Storage Space is offered as a free download that does not contain any advertisements or in-app purchases. -- ES Disk Analyzer - storage space is an advanced tool for disk storage management on your phone or tablet. It provides a way to help find new files, large Files, redundant files and directories on storage card. With more useful functions like image compression and app junk files cleaning, storage could be freed up and files could well organized and presented in a structured way. You could easily acknowledge your device’s storage situation within ES Disk Analyzer. Download QR-Code ES Disk Analyzer - Storage Space Developer: ES Global Price: Free Shabaam - GIF with sound I don't know about the rest of you, but I think adding my own personal sounds to a GIF is a very good idea. So sure, while it may not be the most original idea on Android, it is a good one nonetheless. That is why Shabaam - GIF with sound caught my eye this week. It is a simple app with a simple function. But it delivers just what it sells. If you would like to send you friends and family a GIF with sound, Shabaam - GIF with sound is a good choice. As a matter of fact, it is a choice I consider better than many other similar apps thanks to its lack of advertisements and in-app purchases. -- Browse millions of GIFs, add your own funny voice recording to them and send it to friends via your favorite messengers and social networks. This is a beta release, so you might see some bugs pop up (hopefully not.). If so, you can reach us with comments and ideas at [email protected] Download QR-Code Shabaam - GIF with sound Developer: Seconde Motions Price: Free Manufacturer And Tie-In Apps Secure Folder Android Police coverage: Samsung has added its Secure Folder app and file encryption tool to the Play Store Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. is continuing their trend of releasing their apps onto the Play Store for easy upgradeability. Today we are taking a look at this week's release of Secure Folder. If you are a Samsung owner, you should be pretty familiar with this security-focused folder app. Those of you who are unfamiliar, Secure Folder allows you to store sensitive documents in a password secured encrypted space on your device. While this release is limited to Samsung devices only, those of you that do have a compatible device (and the app isn't yet installed) can easily grab Secure Folder for free with little worry of any advertisements or in-app purchases. -- This update is available for Samsung Mobile with Android 7.0 and above. Secure Folder leverages the defence-grade Samsung Knox security platform to create a private, encrypted space on your Samsung Galaxy phone. Apps and data moved to Secure Folder are sandboxed separately on the device and gain an additional layer of security and privacy. Download QR-Code Secure Folder Developer: Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Price: Free PlayStation™Video Android TV Android Police coverage: Sony releases the PlayStation Video for Android TV app to the Play Store PlayStation Video is Sony's own movie streaming service, similar to what Google Play Movies is. While it is mainly used on their PlayStation console, you can also find the app on iOS and Android. What makes PlayStation Video Android TV stand out is its compatibility with Android TV. That means Android TV users can now enjoy any of their content purchased through the PlayStation Video service. So sure, this may not be a service everyone uses. But you can't argue against the fact that PlayStation Video Android TV is available for free and lacks any advertisements or in-app purchases. -- PlayStation™Video is the best place to enjoy movies and TV shows purchased from PlayStation®Store. With the PlayStation™Video Android TV App, you can also rent or buy directly. Stream your favourite movies and shows directly on your Android TV. Download QR-Code PlayStation™Video Android TV Developer: PlayStation Mobile Inc. Price: Free Edge Swipe - for HTC U11 Edge Swipe - for HTC U11 is an app launcher for the upcoming HTC U11 phone. It allows you to use the edge sensor built into the device as a method to launch this app, which is itself an app launcher. You will have six total shortcuts that you can customize. These shortcuts will appear along the edge of the screen, once you have squeezed your device. While Edge Swipe - for HTC U11 is a free app, there are advertisements present. Luckily there are no in-app purchases included with the download. -- After the installation is complete, go to Settings -> Edge Sense -> Enable Advanced Mode -> Use the Short Edge or Long Pressure Setup application as "Edge Swipe". Currently offers 6 kinds of App shortcuts, and you can edit your own Apps. Fingerprint unlocking problem is still in solution.   Download QR-Code Edge Swipe - for HTC U11 Developer: Taiwan Innovation App Price: Free MyScript Nebo - Preview Android Police coverage: MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses MyScript Nebo - Preview is a note taking application that appears to use the same handwriting recognition tech that is contained in MyScript Calculator. This software allows for greater handwriting recognition, which makes for more precise note taking. The main caveat of this release seems to be with its compatibility. Currently, the only devices that work with this app have to use an active stylus, such as the Samsung Note series of devices, or the Galaxy Tab S3. While MyScript Nebo - Preview is not a finished release, you can test it out for free and without worry of any advertisements or in-app purchases. -- Nebo® preview is the best way to take notes. Created for Android devices using active stylus (like S-Pen or Wacom pen), and powered by MyScript Interactive Ink. Handwrite, draw, edit and format your notes quickly. Instantly convert and transport them as digital documents. Structure your notes using titles, paragraphs, and bullet lists. Add interactive diagrams, editable equations, freeform sketches, and annotate pictures. Finally convert your captured ink to a digital typeset document on demand. Nebo documents can be shared as text. Powered by MyScript Interactive Ink. Download QR-Code MyScript Nebo - Preview Developer: MyScript Price: Free SLIVER.tv SLIVER.tv is an eSports streaming service that has just released their app with Daydream VR support. You will have the ability to view certain events in 360 degree cinematic VR on your Daydream headset. If you enjoy watching eSports, imagine how much better they are in VR. SLIVER.tv is available as a free download that is absent of any advertisements or in-app purchases. -- SLIVER.tv is a platform to record, view, and stream top eSports games in fully immersive, 360° cinematic VR video. Our cutting edge, patented technology immerses the audience inside the 3D game world, viewing their favorite players and matches in an exciting new way never seen before.   Download QR-Code SLIVER.tv Developer: SLIVER.tv Price: Free Live Wallpapers Spirly - Live Wallpaper Think of Spirly - Live Wallpaper as not just one live wallpaper, but an app with an assortment of live wallpapers. To be exact, you receive 24 different live wallpapers. If you find the pre-made selection is not enough, you can unlock the app's custom live editor through a single in-app purchase that is conveniently priced at $1.49. Short of that single IAP, Spirly - Live Wallpaper is available for free, meaning anyone can try it out and see how it looks. -- Create your own styles in the optional theme editor: choose between plasma ball and spirograph scene change foreground and background colors adjust size and motion modify complete style of each line Download QR-Code Spirly - Live Wallpaper (Unreleased) Developer: Paper World Creation Price: Free+ Know A Worthy New App? Let Us Know! If you have an application in mind for the next issue of the roundup, feel free to send us an email and let us know. Important: there are 2 requirements in order for the app to be considered, listed below. the app's launch date has to be no longer than 2 weeks ago it has to be original, ground-breaking, well-reviewed, interesting, fun, etc - the cream of the crop Now, if and only if the above requirements have been satisfied, fire up an email to this address: [email protected] . 1 sponsored placement per week is available (your app would be featured at the top and marked as sponsored) - please contact us for details. Tags Android Applications apps best Games live wallpapers LWPs new recommended tablet top video worthy subscribe ... Previous Story Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android ... Next Story Not just you: Google Play Music isn't behaving in Android Auto for some Trending 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Nope.jpeg It'd be cool if you guys did a weekly app updates roundup. Matt S. As in what apps received updates that week? Would every app that was updated need to be listed, or are you thinking of a curated list of some sort? Nope.jpeg A list based on criteria of significant updates, whether is for finally killing a bug that was especially annoying, or a feature that was added to an app that might give someone who gave up on it to consider giving it another shot. Things that are not to small to overlook, but not bug enough to be provided in one post. But it would be ok to include apps that have had their own articles into the list, since it would be short. And developers could pay for announcements that way (as long as it's different each time/whenever it's relevant). But there are so many apps out there, so it might be hard to choose from. I guess it would be easier to have games in a separate list, if at all on any. Matt S. Yeah, I like the idea of it, but the execution may be a pretty big problem. You are correct that the amount of apps on the store are an issue. Add in games, and yeah, the task does seem pretty insurmountable. It would seem that curating would need to be done in order to cut the list down to something manageable. But then there would need to be a way to track each and every app update. When you consider that devs can't normally be bothered to put anything in their changelogs, finding out what the changes are will become monumental in and of itself. Honestly it just comes down to ROI. This type of list, with the amount of work required probably wouldn't be worth the time in the end. But rest assured, if I ever see anything pop up that could help with this situation, I will be all over it. Nope.jpeg Not that I disagree with the rest of what you said, but my idea would be to simply take what's provided in the changelogs (and then alter it if needed). Thanks for discussing this. Kyle S Anyone else think this list has degenerated into junk? Sometimes I don't even bother opening it when it is up in my feed. Then I do and remember why I usually don't. Al McDowall Tried out Spirly - only seeing the single, plasma ball theme - how do I get to the others? Not talking about the theme editor, just alternative, pre-packaged theme. Al McDowall Never mind - tapped on 'Restore Default Presets' in settings, that got them all there. Matt S. Glad you got it solved. There should be three icons under your "Current Theme" listing. The middle icon "Themes" is what you are looking for. Teja Just tried ES Disk Analyzer. Surprised to see a simple, clean interface without ads (Considering what ES file explorer had). Patriciaahenry Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dg155c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dg155c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs445DirectGroupsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dg155c:....,........ someone755 Expect it to get ruined with "feature upgrades" in the near future. Lock screen ads, suspicious connections to Chinese servers, full screen pop-ups and a redesign that would see my 4 month old nephew calling it childish. BevansDesign Yeah, ES has destroyed its reputation in favor of skeevy money-grabs, and I'm not willing to go back. Avoid at all costs. Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 173 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 34 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 148 1 Year Ago Today 5 years later, ADW Launcher 2.0 has been released - no, you are not dreaming - and it's insane 2016/06/16 7:10pm PDTJun 16, 2016 51 2 Years Ago Today Google Releases Topeka Demo Project For Android 2015/06/16 11:24am PDTJun 16, 2015 87 3 Years Ago Today Insult Your Friends In Style – Unicode 7.0 Standard Has 250 New Emoji, Including A Middle Finger 2014/06/16 4:21pm PDTJun 16, 2014 99 4 Years Ago Today [Weekend Poll] What's Your Preferred Tablet Display Size? 2013/06/16 12:08pm PDTJun 16, 2013 4 5 Years Ago Today Review: For Those Willing To Part With The EVO LTE's Paper-Thin Frame, Seidio's Surface, Active, And Convert Combo Cases Offer A Full Spectrum Of Protection 2012/06/16 12:56pm PDTJun 16, 2012 37 6 Years Ago Today Editorial: Android Tablets - Is It Just A Summer Fling, Or Are Manufacturers Here To Stay? 2011/06/16 5:30pm PDTJun 16, 2011 14 7 Years Ago Today Google Wants The Next Version of Android’s UI to Blow Your (And Manufacturers') Minds 2010/06/16 7:00pm PDTJun 16, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 176 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 90 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 30 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 179 queries | 1.000s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... PSA: Google Assistant can remember things, on Allo, Pixel, and Home Phil Oakley Follow View All Posts 2017/01/27 3:22am PDTJan 27, 2017 51 Plus 1 on G+ 50 Share on Facebook 71 Share on Twitter Total Shares172 Google Google Home News Pixel Pixel XL We've often lamented the rather lacklustre approach Google has taken with Google Assistant, but it can do one thing: remember stuff. On all three things which use Assistant - that's Allo, Pixel, and Home - it can recall things it's been asked to remember. As Assistant is cross-platform, this works across all three devices; telling it to remember something on Home and then asking on Pixel does indeed work. This probably isn't the best of ideas for remembering passwords. It's pretty simple to get Assistant to remember something for you. Just say 'Remember I...' and then complete your sentence. So if you need it to remind you to get milk, say 'Remember I need to get milk,' and Assistant will remember it. Then ask 'what did I tell you to remember?' and it'll tell you that it was asked to remind you to get milk. Keywords also work, as in the screenshots above; if Assistant is told to remember a password (probably a bad idea, but hey ho) by saying 'my password is [insert word here]', you can say 'What's my password' and Assistant will tell you. It can also be made to forget things, by # of item on the list - for example, "Forget item #2." Now the downsides. This isn't a reminder function, like in Inbox or Keep. You can't attach a time or place to the thing you want to be remembered, and Assistant cannot bring it up automatically - it needs to be asked what it was that you wanted to remember. For those with Pixels or Home, Assistant is obviously easily accessible. However, if you don't own one, all hope is not lost - Allo has an Assistant chatbot, which is great. Otherwise, get asking Google to remember things for you. Download QR-Code Google Allo Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Via: CNet Tags allo assistant google assistant google home pixel subscribe ... Previous Story [Hands-On] Google Contacts web rolls out a better looking Material Design interface to everyone ... Next Story BitTorrent Live launches its live TV streaming app on Android Trending 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Thomas Larsen Alternative Title: PSA: Please don't remember your passwords using Allo, Pixel, or Home Roy Also, don't post an image of it on a major, high traffic website! SavageJeep I guess Twitter is out of the question?? http://gizmodo.com/sean-spicer-just-tweeted-something-that-looks-an-awful-1791649692 Andrew Ok me, remember to ask Google what I asked it to remember. Phil A I was thinking the same thing... can't ask what you asked Assistant to remember if you forgot you asked it to remember something... Charles Sweeney Wow.....she's already so defiant. The user told her to remember yet Allo felt she was asked....lol. #SkyNet2020 Dominic81 ro.opa.eligible_device=true in your build.prop file King_Android Model = Pixel or Pixel XL clear data and surprise, you now have Google Assistant Robin Afaik the model thing isn't necessary anymore SavageJeep What are you saying? Can I get G Ass (xD) just by modified the build prop. I want this but I won't root my S7e, but am really Jonesing for Nougat so maybe I will...! icantremember I believe the removed that restriction. I didn't have to add it on my CM MotoG4. Testraindrop i removed that to keep Google Now, much for use for me in germany than assistant. Felix ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ You can remove Assistant and get Google Now on your Pixel? (German here too) Gjorgi Lazarovski Wait Pixels don't have Google Now?!?! Mskina Google Now evolved into Assistant IVBela "evolved" https://imgflip.com/i/1ignkd Corbin Davenport They have both Assistant and Google Now. Felix ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Kinda. Its basicly renamed in Assistent with new features. But I liked the original Google Now from my N6P more. TheMr Iggs Google Home has been able to do this since launch. It isn't new... Maybe on the Pixel but not on Home Gjorgi Lazarovski No one said it was new. Just a friendly reminder about the feature. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman That's why this is a PSA and not news. Good_Ole_Pinocchio One of the first things I noticed when I had a Pixel. The thing is, If I say "Remember that mom's brithday is on x date"... It doesn't tie "MOM" to the person in my phone. It's just remembering a string that It can recall later. EmmeJay Anyone else think the Assistant logo looks like the Wonderbread logo? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/34dad3f264c2bd2405d50a29805f013d0c32b56d010eeed0598c62056c912ed3.jpg dcdttu Also: https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ad8ecd507ac38939c4f08c11c012018fc86a48c242d7afdc8e8d4dfd04a1f316.jpg crutchcorn God damn it guys SavageJeep It looks like a dog with tongue out and a slight head tilt! David Hyman I am totally going to use this for having home read out my guest wifi password! dcdttu I hoped that Google would have hit the ground running with Assistant. I guess you can say they did, but it was in two or three different directions and was more a slow crawl than a run. sintac It's not that all Google Messengerish apps are not connected and share the same database and features. They are but Google is just too afraid to show how perfectly they work together and how much they know about each person. It wood creep the s..t out of everybody. Vlad I think Hangouts is some sort of weird email app. I'm just basing this on the seamless search of the messages in Gmail, though. sam aldis Tell google what your favourite colour is then ask it to show you pictures that are your favourite colour dsignori Cool, thanks! Urge311 I dont need Allo, I just eat a lot of MembaBerries Ahmer Jamil Khan Assistant can set reminders with time and/or location. cc_star Pretty poor tbh OK Google remind me to... Is far more useful Alejandro Forget item #2, or Forget #2 don't work...you have to tap the option. Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 172 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 34 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 395 1 Year Ago Today Editorial: iOS 10 is Apple’s not-so-secret love letter to Android 2016/06/15 4:50pm PDTJun 15, 2016 52 2 Years Ago Today Google Maps Now Warns You If You Are Navigating To A Place That Will Be Closed When You Arrive 2015/06/15 2:52pm PDTJun 15, 2015 43 3 Years Ago Today PSA: No, The OnePlus One Is Not Waterproof, So Don't Try This At Home 2014/06/15 11:20am PDTJun 15, 2014 2 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Emancy: Borderline War, Shelter, And Beejumbled 2013/06/15 5:49pm PDTJun 15, 2013 21 5 Years Ago Today Zombies, Run! Spices Up Your Running Routine With A Little Undead Uprising 2012/06/15 10:20pm PDTJun 15, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today [Updated] EVO Shift 4G Gingerbread OTA Update Dropping June 17th 2011/06/15 3:41pm PDTJun 15, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today HTC Aria Coming June 20th To AT&T, Initial Hands-On Impressions Surface 2010/06/15 5:50pm PDTJun 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 30 Google adds Play Store support to more Chromebooks from Acer, Dell, ASUS, HP, Lenovo, and Samsung 2017/06/15 11:01am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 176 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 30 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 137 queries | 0.387s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... The largest of Google's 2017 devices, codenamed 'Taimen,' may be built by LG Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/12 8:32pm PDTJun 12, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 4 Share on Facebook 7 Share on Twitter Total Shares25 Google Leaks LG News Back in March, we learned that Google may be working on a third device for 2017, called 'Taimen' (Google traditionally names products after fish). This third model would be bigger than the next Pixel and Pixel XL, codenamed 'Walleye' and 'Muskie' respectively. It's not known for sure that Taimen will be a larger Pixel phone, just that it will be larger in size than Walleye and Muskie. Earlier today, we reported that Muskie has likely been cancelled, leaving Walleye and Taimen the only phones Google will reveal this year. Now it seems that Taimen may be manufactured by LG. 9to5Google spotted an issue on the Google Issue Tracker, titled 'USB PD Compliance Failure.' The second comment on the report seems to reveal that Taimen is being manufactured by LG, with the device being called "G011C" in the linked power report. Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X. Considering that the bootlooping Nexus 5X is still fresh on consumers' minds, with a lawsuit currently pending, it seems hard to believe that Google would be welcome to LG making another device. Personally, I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacturer (my Nexus 5 and 5X both died after about a year of use), but let us know what you think in the comments. Via: 9to5Google Tags bootloop Google LG taimen subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Logitech Harmony Elite only $250 at Amazon and Best Buy ($100 off) ... Next Story Logitech announces Circle 2 home security cameras—weatherproof, wired or wireless, and ... Trending 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments james fuston Can't agree. My Nexus 5 was fantastic and I'm totally fine with LG manufacturing a Pixel. Snowsky Mountain I'm hoping that even if there was a problem with some LG phones like the G4, they've fixed it by now with the V20 and G6. Those seem like (relatively) stable phones, at least compared to the G4 and V10. JSo I'm currently using a v10 after my Nexus 5X died. I'm scared for it every day now. Lol Randroid V20 still has the same issue: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The G6 hasn't been out long enough for us to know yet. (The 5X generally bootloops around the 13 month mark) Anthony Castanza Same, LG made the Nexus 4 and Nexus 5, two of the best phones I've ever owned, I'm willing to give them another chance. james fuston Not to mention the level of support Google offers on Nexus/Pixel phones is far superior to working directly with OEMs like LG. The Nexus (later Pixel) support team is easily one of the best customer support interactions I've ever had. aRvInD Everything was fine till Nexus 5. Other issues like Power button prob etc maybe there but LG was doing well in making compact phones, until phones #bootloop. If LG explicitly agrees this #bootloop issue and positively declares they've fixed this issue, like Samsung did with Note 7 battery explosion story on S8, I will be glad to hope on them... I have hope because my LG Nexus 4, still works nice/flawless for almost 5 years!... Giampi Had a Nexus 5 and sold to buy OPO (worst decision ever). I've had 2 5X (the first died because it fell into the toilet by my lovely son hands and the second one is working perfectly). Using a Pixel now but just because I wanted some new toy. c00ller Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information. Your positive experience with the Nexus 5 is obsolete and unrepresentative of the more recent LG manufactured devices such as the Nexus 5X (mentioned in the post, guess you didn't bother to click on the relevant link) and the G4. Get informed by checking out /r/Nexus5X for example (there is a stickied post titled, "Bootloop megathread 2.0" for crying out loud). After just a few minutes of browsing it should be crystal clear why most Nexus 5X owners will forever avoid LG (and dissuade their friends/family from choosing LG as well). BFRC As you might know, there is a very large gap between individual 5X devices. I have used the Nexus 5, and currently running the 5X, and both of these devices have worked flawlessly over the last few years. My gf has my N5 and is still using it, also satisfied with its performance. Because of it, there is a large split in confidence with LG for newer devices; I would still consider getting a new LG phone if I wouldn't be aware of the mass issues, whereas many others would definitely stay away from anything they'd produce. Jerzy Michał Pawlak My Nexus 5X bootlooped 13 months after purchase... so what? LG fixed it quickly and without fuss (we have 2 years manufacturer's warranty here) and the phone works great again. Problems can happen with every manufacturer (my old Samsung Note 2 bootlooped 4 months after purchase, due to faulty RAM) and LG has shown good quality of service in this case. Large_Hadron The other posters' experience of the Nexus 5 is relevant because the author of the article cited the 5 as one of the reasons they would avoid a LG-built Pixel. Actually I know several people who are still using Nexus 5s. I've only ever seen a 5X in the wild once. The G6 would be the obvious device to watch if you want information on LG's recent manufacturing, as that will be 6 months old by the time the next Pixels are released (I've not seen reports of it having problems yet, but let's give it a few more months). Ryan We get it, we know. But one phone (after all, the 5x is just a warmed over G4) being a screw-up doesnt negate they had a few years of greatness. Maybe they can get back there if they learn from their mistakes. james fuston Ah yeah, I forgot to mention my G6 is also great. hope that makes my opinion less "obsolete" in your mind. Raz My N5 is still going strong and I use it every day as my spare device. My wife and mother-in-law are using their N5X for more than one year without any issues. Don't discount a manufacturer for some bad phones. Samsung still owns a decent share of the Android market and are one of the few companies that had a device banned on most US flights. Just saying. FoxBJK Subreddits around old phones really don't have much to focus on years after the phone was released. Are 5 and 5x owners supposed to hop over to those subs just to say "My phone's working great, sorry you're all having trouble"? It wouldn't go well. What else are they supposed to talk about that wouldn't apply to other, more general subreddits? It's not a fair assessment to look at those subs, and it's just condescending to say someone's wrong because their phone still works, and they don't know anyone with boot loop issues. I don't know anyone personally suffering from those either, so am I wrong when I say the 5x was a solid device for the price? james fuston Pretty much this. Product-centric subreddits are, in my experience, 90% people who are having a really bad time (outside of the first month of a product launch, where they're all "GOT MY SHIPPING CONFIRMATION!!1!") instinct I was an LG fan after the Nexus 5 and the G2 and G3. I got burned with a G4 (bootloop) but stayed with LG for the G5 for removable battery. It's been a good phone so far, but I am not as big of a fan as I used to be. My brothers 5X and my friends G4's both bootlooped. However, if it's another Nexus 5, I'd probably get it. My favorite phone ever. Nick Coad "Unfortunately your disagreement is based on a lack of current information." You are lacking current information as well, for example you don't know how many 5Xs were actually affected by the bootloop as a percentage of the overall units sold. I'm not saying the problem is not serious, or even that it is not widespread BUT what I am saying is WE DON'T KNOW how many units had the problem, so any declaration about the prevalence of the issue is based on conjecture, including yours. A subreddit especially is the most ridiculous source to cite for evidence of anything, especially a manufacturing defect, given that only users experiencing the problem are going to be posting. You have no idea how many users are out there using their Nexus 5Xs without issue (like me and a couple of my friends, for example). xyz No, thanks. Reddit is cancer. stirfry Hmmm. LG recently announced 2 year warranties, so it would appear they are standing behind their products. I will definitely be purchasing a LG Pixel 2. My hysterical friends can stuff their dissuasion. rebretz000 I still have my Nexus 5X and I never had any bootloop issues. If the new Pixel XL looks like the LG G6 I will be all over it. Randroid So many of LG's phones bootloop that there's a wikipedia page for "LG smartphone bootloop issues" that contains a list of LG phones that bootloop: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues I will not be buying another LG phone any time soon. ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ...until it boot loops XD VAVAMk_2 Mine still works thomas sim My nexus 5 not affected by infamous bootloop, but another infamous issue of power button failed after one year, replaced it cheap. Replaced battery recently and now in drawer as backup phone. My friend's 5X not so lucky though. Lost confidence on LG already. Ahmad El-Ibrahim It is scary to think LG would be manufacturing. Google really wants​ people to pick up Pixel Protect. Daniel That must be some tasty cereal.... AK Don't worry guys, it'll all be ok. This is not Nexus. This is Pixel. "Made by Google" Pixel. SomeGuy112 True, if LG is just the manufacturer and Google designs and engineers everything, there's hope. DragoCubed Isn't the comment you replied to sarcastic? SomeGuy112 Could be, too hard to tell since the Pixel devices have better build quality than the last two Nexus devices. Midnitte Doesn't matter how well something is engineered if it's put together with duct tape. SomeGuy112 Valid point. Duder12 My Pixel has been solid as fuck. Jealous? AK No, mine has served me well also... silzazsyh i think your post SOUNDED too sarcastic, but it's accurate because the pixels are great AK My bad, wasn't supposed to be. xyz Of all the things to envy other people for, a fucking phone isn't one of them. Get a life. Dirge Pass. Nicholas Matranga I had two Nexus 5xs bootloop. No thanks LG! vineeth pulipati That's a software issue though, not lg's fault caerestapermitido No. Kieron Quinn Ah yes, a software fault that happens regardless of Android version, and happens to many other LG phones too. Seems legit. Randroid Look at reddit.com/r/nexus5x a quick look into a few posts there will tell you that it is NOT software related. People blamed it on Nougat, but mine bootlooped while still on 6.0.1. Also relevant: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Snowsky Mountain Maybe it's so that it can have a bezel-less screen? I think HTC said they weren't able to reduce bezels because they were a smaller OEM, so maybe Google's going with LG because of that. heitor dude, i got a nexus 5 since 2013 and it's still handling things pretty fine. LG does a great job, you're talking shit Gjorgi Lazarovski Do you by chance have a g4, g5, v10, v20 or a 5X? If not your comment makes no sense since bootloop issues were being reported from the g4 onwards. Corbin Davenport Why would I lie about my phone dying? The power button got stuck, and it happened to a ton of people. Just do a search for "nexus 5 power button". https://www.ifixit.com/Answers/View/208337/How+do+I+fix+a+Nexus+5+Power+Button+Issue https://www.reddit.com/r/Nexus5/comments/2rpfuj/nexus_5_broken_power_button_keeps_rebooting/ https://forum.xda-developers.com/google-nexus-5/general/nexus-5-power-button-broken-heres-to-t3049747 https://protyposis.net/blog/replacing-the-nexus-5-power-button/ https://flothesof.github.io/fixing-Nexus5-power-button.html https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/nexus/XwJA0gi4tco Duder12 Whats ridiculous is you are just assuming that LG will have the same level of involvement with the Pixel 2 as they did with the Nexus 5x. The Nexus 5x was a partner device. For all we know LG is nothing but a Foxconn for the Pixel 2 Randroid Problem is that ALL recent devices made by LG are bootlooping, not just the 5X: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Randroid How about the bootloop issues on all of their recent phones? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues D13H4RD2L1V3 Mmmm, fishy cereal SomeGuy112 Google is trading fat bezels for bootloops, would rather have the fat bezels and better build quality from HTC. Rohan J Singh Best news all week .. lg any day over htc. If it's htc then mostly it will be based off u11 type shitty front design. Randroid I'm just gunna leave this here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues Rohan J Singh Ofcourse they are going to work on it if they aim to compete with apple which they are Randroid Work on what? The bootloop issue that has been plaguing them for their last 5 releases? Yeah, you go ahead and be part of their test group. Let me know when your device bootloops. Rohan J Singh If i do buy this i will reply to you here, Bookmarked ! Orion Exactly! cadtek91 I dunno what the big deal is. LG and HTC are just manufacturers, like Foxconn is to Apple. Google has final say on design, schematics, layouts, testing, BOMs, components. SomeGuy112 Let's hope that's the case this year, the OG Pixel looks surprisingly simlar to other HTC designs, rumor was HTC gave Google a HTC phone template to base the original Pixel off of because they needed something fast due to a deal gone bad with Huawei, of course that's just a rumor though This year they had lots of time, so hopefully the design is somewhat more unique. Luxferro Don't forget the 6P's battery shutdown issues too. cadtek91 Yeah, that's Hauwei's fault though, not LG's. Patriciaahenry Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dg155c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dg155c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs445DirectGroupsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dg155c:....,.... Chris Thurber Why did you only work 90 hours in the last four weeks if you're making that much per hour? Why not work a normal 80 hour work week?? You'd be a millionaire? Hmm?? HMM??? Luxferro Re-read your initial comment, and tell me why your comment applies to the nexus 5, 5X, but not 6P. demarcmj The point of his original comment was that there is (or should be) a difference between Nexus devices and Pixel devices W.R.T. the role of the manufacturer. Meaning that the problems experienced on Nexus phones need not necessarily deter customers from a Pixel because in this case (theoretically) the phone is being designed by Google and the manufacturer is just building to print. VAVAMk_2 Crap batteries from Huawei. Can confirm. Once replaced they run fine. Luxferro I think part of the issue is Google and could be software too. The phone communicates with the battery over I2C bus. If the phone is at 30% battery, and all of a sudden it powers off and won't turn back on until you connect to a charger for a split second while you press the power button. Then it boots back up with 30% then why did it turn off? Did the cells go into some protection mode? Did the battery say we're running low and tell android to power off? Did the phone mis-interpret I2C communication and think it needs to turn off. I'm sure google could narrow down the problem if they actually looked at it - just monitor the I2C traffic to and from the battery. It's their phone... they sold and marketed it. Nope.jpeg I guess they all have pretty back customer support, so that doesn't matter, either. Large_Hadron The original Pixels had a lot more HTC design in them than Google's marketing would like you to think. I don't think it's a secret that they were a bit of a rush job (though they've overall held up pretty well despite that). Of course they shouldn't be a rush this time, so probably "designed by Google" will be more accurate this time. But I can still understand reservations if people have reason to distrust a particular manufacturer. Randroid Here's a list of LG phones that bootloop (Including the 5x): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues The problem is with something at LG and the way they manufacturer their devices. They all bootloop. (All recent models at least) xyz Anything they can do to avoid blaming their precious Google. If the phone has the Google logo on it, then any problems with it are Google's fault. James Briano I'm going to have another look at that "Essential" phone Luxferro I think I'm buying that too. I have mine reserved. Time to try something new than a Google phone. Bombaglad the only thing bugging me about that phone is the absence of amoled wjrandon I never had a problem with my Nexus 5. Frankly I welcome LG over HTC. Considering the publicity of their past hardware problems I'm sure LG's engineers would make sure not to repeat any past mistakes. Bring on that massive 6 inch display. My body is ready! phineasjw I've always bought a new Android phone every two years, however similar to desktops, we've reached mobile CPU performance saturation. I've got a Nexus 6P and really feel no need to upgrade to a new $750 phone with only slightly better performance when the 6P is still blazing along. We'll see what the next Pixel iteration brings.. needa Buy a battery or two now, while you can still get OEM quality. You can thank me later. DragoCubed I'm still using my S4 :P WitnessG This kills the hype. Its hard to trust LG with their flaky past of bad quality. Luxferro The Nexus 6P has similar issues with it's battery... Henry Park That doesn't excuse LG in anyway shape or form, especially since G4 G5 V10 V20 all had similar boot looping problems. Manny Fleurmond V20? I own a V20 and have no problems Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues George famous last words... VAVAMk_2 Huawei used crappy quality batteries that degrade after a year. Replace the battery and it runs great again. I did. Roy But here Google design the phone, so it's different. JSo My Nexus 5X died on me. But my Nexus 5 still runs good. Go figure. I loved both phones though. Curtis Bond I'd sure as hell take LG over HTC. michael interbartolo Lg stepped up and fixed my wife's 5x at 13 months (though did take about 6 weeks) and my 5x at 18 months (turn around was a mere week) so hopefully they learned from their mistakes. portalpirate Poor HTC. Aaron Makes me wonder if the Pixel supply problem wasn't due to production issues at HTC. virk With a dead Nexus 5 and 5X lying around, I'm done with LG. Max If it looks somewhat similar to the G6 shape, keeps the Pixel smoothness and they don't make the mistake of making it larger than a S8+ then they'll have my money for sure! Dan Franchini An LG G6 with an SD 835 and pure Android. Sign me up. Bombaglad they'd need to revive old motorola for that (not the nonsense "moto" they've become under lenovo) Max Johnson I'm not concerned, doesn't seem to be a problem with the G5 and going forward. Bombaglad yeah, the g5 sucked, but didn't bootloop.... OR DID IT?! Christopher Bement Biased much? My N4 and G6 have been flawless, but like you, that's my experience. tim242 For fuck's sake. There is a class actin lawsuit over the issue. Duder12 Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. Randroid Problem is, Google will only perform the replacement if you bought the phone from the Google Store or from Project Fi. If you purchased it anywhere else, you have to go through LG. Luckily I purchased mine from Fi, so when mine bootlooped I got a replacement relatively quickly. destinyhud i know u think u r trying to over smart others but u need to stop. there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid I was referencing the current state of things with the 5x. The comment that I was replying to was talking about Google doing well with the 5x replacements, my comment was specifically about 5x replacements, and is 100% true in that context. Google HAS done a great job with replacements, but LG has NOT. The fact that Google is good at replacing LG's crappy phones is NOT a reason for me to buy a phone that is made by a company that is known for its shoddy hardware. Go ahead and buy more LG stuff. Have fun when it bootloops like the rest of them. destinyhud u r trying to troll with ur comments. u replied to this "Google has never fucked with customers when getting the 5x replaced. It was when people went to LG directly. " I think u need to get a life. we all know it bootloops but what u r doing is childishly silly Randroid How is that trolling? I'm pointing out facts. Google is good about providing replacements for LG's screw-up; LG is not good at it. "we all know it bootloops" - no, if you read the comments on this page, not everyone knows it bootloops. destinyhud pointing out on every posts?? thats exactly why i said u r trolling with ur childishly silly troll post Ryan Cottrell Weren't all the rumors a year ago saying HTC signed a 2 year, 3 phone contract? Also, maybe they'll have LG make one with a bigger screen, a la G6 since it will minimize component costs, and HTC will make a normal, upgrade from current, Pixel. Si vis pacem, para bellum Given that LG makes the second best smartphone of 2017 so far after the S8, this is good news. Up until now I have never been able to buy any Nexus/Pixel smartphone or tablet in part because most of them weren't even sold here in Western Europe and in part because most of the time there always was some deal breaking spec (especially battery and storage related) and/or lack of some important feature, but I hope that can change soon. Until then, Google will continue to be totally irrelevant on the "hardware side" of the market. iKon It can never be the best phone of 2017, with a 2016 processer. Mike Bastable Well someone certainly has a beef with LG. Simply the most stupid article I have ever read here. Biased and ridiculous. Make me think that A.P. is doing on quality control and impartiality. Piss poor. whispy_snippet Mate. Calm down. Mike Bastable Zen here. However some of the recent articles seem like the ranting of Fanboys (usually found in the comments section) instead of researched articles. A.P is becoming less essential as a result, which is a shame. whispy_snippet Someone's ranting anyway. needa They are all becoming less essential. Nowadays it doesn't really matter what phone you buy... it's going to be a good one. At least AP dives into the code and gets their hands a bit dirty. Everyone else is either a corporate sellout like AC, has terrible page load times due to the ads like AA, or just copy pastes press releases and takes the weekend off like DL. Mike Bastable Points well made Sir_Brizz My Nexus 5 remains my favorite phone of all time. I would love to see a new device with similar design language. whispy_snippet Same here. I have a Pixel now but my old N5 still works! c00ller The number of strong, uninformed, and stubborn opinions in this comments section is a sad reminder of the state of society in general whispy_snippet If we see a hodge podge split design approach with the Pixel I'll be very surprised (and disappointed). DragoCubed It was a lazy design. Flint_PS I don't mind. I've had a Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and am currently using a Nexus 5X. Good phones (although not without faults, obviously), and LG warranty support is pretty great where I live. needa I don't know why you would stay away, unless LG is designing the Pixel from the ground up like they did the Nexus devices. LoE Am I the only one in the world with a perfectly working Nexus 5X? And a perfectly working Nexus 4 before that? I would welcome another LG phone. JD You sir have the unicorn. lomsha Some hope for reduced bezels then lol. Oliver Cervera ✔ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ My Nexus 5 is still rocking, Nexus 5X bootlooping :( Lawstorant Aaaaaaand my interest suddenly dropped to 0. Rohan My nexus 4 worked perfectly till I sold it early this year Dmitry Stepanushkin Same, but wife threw it on floor in underground train station, and screen became unusable. Last thing I did erased it remotely, then it bootlooped and I force powered it off and it went to recycle bin. tmartin yes, mine still runs well (for a phone as old as it is, of course). My N5X started boot looping a few months ago and I brought out my N4 for the month it took LG to fix the 5X. Needless to say, at this point I need a finger print sensor, but the N4 worked well and felt so great in my hand compared to the 5X. Rohan I would instantly get one, jsut for looks if they released a nexus Mini or something with upgrades specs and N4 design. I absolutely loved that phone. Jas Kapadia The leaks are coming! "itshappening.gif" Also thumbs up for that header image. Too good. Dmitry Stepanushkin Add "spoiler alert"😀 Duncan Booth My Nexus 5 got unreliable GPS after nearly 2 years, but was replaced under warranty. My Nexus 5X died completely after 18 months but was replaced under warranty. It's great getting a new phone paid for by Google every couple of years, so as long as they're happy to go with LG I won't have any complaints. Dmitry Stepanushkin Unfortunately not everyone able to get replacement. It FeelsBadMan when thing suddenly breaks and bought somewhere on Ebay. I prefer phones without known major defects over being able to maybe get replacement some day. Rob I'm still using my Nexus 5, and still love it. I won't buy another phone until someone makes a decent one with stock Android that's no bigger. Lucas Araujo Great news! If this is true, there is a chance that the new Pixel can be launched here in Brazil since HTC left the country a few years ago. I guess that you had some very bad luck with your Nexus's devices. I had a Nexus 4, 5 and 5x (my current phone). All of them are still working despite the cracked screen (my fault) and the power button not working properly on the N5. Randroid https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues TechGuy22 That's why there's a rumor about bezel being slim since HTC can't make good looking devices anymore Chris You kidding? Nexus 5 was absolutely amazing. yann933 Well considering my 5x just died this Friday, I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;) Looks like the Taimen will be getting 2 years of warranty guys!!!! /s Randroid Google only handles replacements if you bought from Google (or Project Fi.) People who bought from LG, their carrier, or any other source have to go through LG and some are waiting months for a replacement. I, on the other hand, did buy from Fi and got a replacement within about a week. destinyhud there is a difference between pixel and Nexus. u cant buy pixel from LG if they make it. only from carriers and google because remember its google's phone and not an LG phone. So for replacement its done both via google. carrier will replace ur phone from google and wont ask u to go to LG just like how pixel is doing now. HTC has no part in sale or replacement. they are just the manufacturer Randroid As with my other comment, this was specifically talking about 5x replacements. NOT Pixel replacements. Still will never buy another LG phone because I don't want to HAVE to replace my phone when it bootloops. destinyhud no S/he was talking about pixel replacement. read again. his old phone died and "I actually wouldn't mind buying the larger LG Pixel, even if it starts bootlooping, as long as Google will provide replacements and service it just like they have the 5x then I'm down ;)" Randroid has no problem even if it bootloops but u seem to have a problem with it. 4Ui812 I'm not sure it's the hardware that you have to worry about regarding any new Pixel (fixel) phone as much as it is the software. Randroid If it's made by LG, hardware is what you need to be worried about: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues 4Ui812 My first touch screen phone was a LG (can't remember the name of it) I bought (used) on eBay and never had a issue with it. I've also owned a LG DVD burner (still have it) and a tv in the past. I've only had a few experiences with LG products but every experience had been great. Maybe the company isn't so great anymore ? Randroid Yeah, things change. I *loved* LG's flip phones back in the day. I wouldn't buy a phone if it wasn't LG. But then when smart phones came out the quality was always lacking. Now that they've (kinda) caught up in quality as far as performance is concerned, other issues have popped up. I bought the 5X forgetting that it was made by LG. I honestly probably wouldn't have purchased it even back then if I had realized that fact. LG has never been on the top of the list for smart phones. They were alright for a time, but never on the top. PhantomGamers FWIW I got an OG Nexus 5 on release and it's still running pretty strong, my dad is using it now. Only issue is that the battery dies really fast now, might try and swap it out. Dmitry Stepanushkin I using mine as second phone. All good except battery and some lags coz "only" 2GB of RAM. ROB Be careful with swapping the battery... I killed mine... very depressing. It was a great phone. kamiller42 Cute picture. Spread the hate. I wonder if Samsung articles will be accompanied with images of roasted and burnt marshmallows. Naaaahh. someone755 No because that didn't happen on a mass scale and saw Samsung release a hardware revision that would get swapped out for consumers free of charge, and then later a software update that would render the devices useless. Samsung publicly acknowledged and apologized for the issue and worked together with people and companies to prevent further damage. LG, on the other hand, refuses to even put out a statement to either confirm or deny that the bug exists, despite having several lawsuits launched against them in recent history. The bugs affect many more people than Samsung's battery issue. Samsung should be praised or at least be given a pass because of the way they handled the situation. LG should be shamed both because it's basically stealing from its customers as well as for the waste their dead phones are generating. kamiller42 Samsung handled the issue. Claimed the issue was limited, claimed a fix which wasn't, and several more burned. I think Samsung did handle as best they could, but don't whitewash the event. Exploding phones is far more serious than boot loops. Yet, don't see AP dogging them. Also, not everyone is experiencing boot loops. someone755 Not everyone experienced a burning battery. My point is, and I think you know that, that Samsung reacted to the problem quickly and did several things about it. It may not have been perfect (it certainly wasn't), but it is commendable. LG's attitude is despicable and appalling. Randroid Samsung had 1 phone with an issue, and they quickly addressed it. LG currently has 5, and they still have yet to even try to address the issue. (I say "currently" because there isn't enough data to make a decision about some of their more recent releases.) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LG_smartphone_bootloop_issues kamiller42 Too quickly addressed. Huh? Recalled, said it was fixed, and then recalled again. No boot loop ever threatened anyone's life. Am I right? I think the Boot Loops cartoon and burnt marshmallows image are infantile. Randroid No bootloop ever threatened anyone's life? I guess you haven't been in an emergency situation without a cell phone. People whose phone have bootlooped are taking MONTHS to be replaced. A lot can happen when you're without a means of contact for 3 months. And again, they're still not comparable. Samsung quickly recalled the product when they found out about the issues. Yes, they messed up by rushing out a replacement that had a similar issue, but then (again) QUICKLY issued another recall. LG has known about these issues for YEARS and has done nothing to remedy them. kamiller42 Which would you rather have in your pocket, a boot looping phone or an exploding one? Randroid Neither, I'd rather the company take responsibility for the problem (like Samsung did) and return my broken phone. Instead, I've got a phone in my pocket that is waiting to bootloop at any time because they replaced it with the same device instead of giving me a device that has no issues. kamiller42 You're talking about response. I'm talking about the problems. I'll take the looping phone. You can keep the burnt leg. demarcmj "Our own sources have corroborated this claim. If Taimen is a larger Pixel phone, it could mean the two 2017 Pixels will have different designs, much like 2015's Nexus 6P and 5X." I'm confused by this line. Has the manufacturer of the "Walleye" been leaked yet? Patrick Smithopolis All the tech sites are pretty sure it's HTC. It was reported last year that HTC has an agreement with Google to manufacture the Pixel phones for two or three years. charlie Jason Hopefully LG is capable of making phones with thin bezels, unlike HTC. destinyhud did u miss the G6??? why hopefully? they can make one matteventu I had all the intentions to change my 128GB Pixel XL for the "Pixel XL 2" (or whatever it will be called, regardless of screen size - if not bigger than 6"), but £800 for some LG crap, no thanks, Google you're not going to see my money. Marcelove "I'll be staying far away from Taimen if LG is the manufacture" Yeah, let's buy chinese-slave-labor-made-phone from Xiaomi, Huawei and others instead... blindexecutioner My slave built OnePlus 3T is probably the best built phone I've ever used. You'd think those other manufacturer's could get it right if they're using higher paid free-living adults. Alex Kruger Before people start freaking out about LG, they fixed the design flaw that was leading to boot looping. They no longer have the battery and processor next to each other, they're in separate sides of the phone (processor is on top and the battery is in the bottom) with a heat pipe in between. They started doing this with the G6, which has not suffered and major boot looping issues, and has sold significantly better that the G5 and (I believe) the V10 and V20. I, and many tech bloggers (including Android Police) have been really impressed with the G6 and how well it's aging. Randroid You mean the G6 that release 2 months ago? Yeah, it's aging well. The average time it takes for a 5X to bootloop is around 13 months, so there is no useful data as to how this device will handle at that point of its lifetime. Ryan I only finally had the bootloop issue but I had the extended warranty. While I am not as happy with my 5x my Nexus 4 was an EXCELLENT phone. I even fired it up and used it for the two days I had to wait for my replacement 5x. So, for me, if LG put as much effort into the Pixel as they did the Nexus 4 I could see it being interesting. But if its like the 5x no way, not for Pixel prices. Patrick Smithopolis My Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and Nexus 5X are all working without issue. tmartin Isn't Google supposed to be designing these from the ground up, with LG just acting as a manufacturing partner?? Or have we all moved past that? blindexecutioner Did people really believe that? The Pixel is very clearly an HTC designed phone. Berni Hargrove But wasn't that just because they were short on time? Mike I Author of this article is loose. LG 5x is not in a lawsuit. I'm staying away from you Corbin. tmartin Is Taimen going to be a tango phone? I'm starting this rumor if its not already out there. _jsw_ Literally came here to post this. I hope so, and, if it is, I'm buying it... assuming I don't buy the Asus Zenphone AR first. Tango isn't quite there yet, but it's so tantalizingly close. tmartin Yeah, I don't know. I was planning on getting the XL and Taimen sounds bigger than I want. But maybe I can be convinced. Then again, if I can't fit the thing in my pocket, kind of a deal breaker. tmartin It does sound like Google is wanting to do more with it. I'm skeptical of the whole VR/AR thing, but it is fun to watch it come together. _jsw_ I've got the Tango Tablet, which still runs but is getting really *really* old now (it's never been upgraded past KitKat!!). Still, I've done some coding on it and used it to build decent 3D models of spaces, but the sensors and CPUs weren't quite what I needed. Add a second actual camera on the other end/bottom for real stereoscopic range finding, and the potential is massive. A legit 3D scanner in your hand is an awesome concept. As far as AR/VR goes, though... I think you also need that second camera so that you can look "through" it when it's in a headset and still get stereoscopic vision. The Samsung Gear VR lets you do AR via a passthough of the camera when you're using it, but it seems too "flat" because of only having one "eye". I realize Google isn't going to have two rear-facing cameras, but... if someone would, that would finally be a useful VR/AR headset-capable device. disastrousrainbow I've owned three LG devices in my life. The G3, Nexus 5X, and G5. Neither one of those phone's ever boot looped for me. I'm not saying it's not a problem (because obviously it is for some) but judged off my experience, comments on here, and even the couple of friends I know that are using LG's, I feel as if the severity of this issue is due to a small minority making big noise about it. Shaun Smith Enter the G6 clone. Ugh Shaun Smith I know it's supposed to be bigger, but just remembering when Google asked Moto for a big phone and we ended up with a giant Moto X named Shamu cellabonez Time for sony to make a Nexus StankyChikin N5, G4, V10, Currently on G6 - Have had them all.. Rest have been handed down and work great still. JOAT I had a Nexus 5x and needed a warranty replacement​. Please no, Google!!! sraj49 Let us not forget that the hardware and software is total responsibility of Google and LG had no day in it. I am surprised that a comment like this coming from the author whom I respect for a good analysis King_Android Essential "The Phone" FTW!!!!!!! Joshua Binyard I don't know of any manufacturer that hasn't had issues with their phones, at one point or another. No I'm getting my next pixel 2 "the biggest one" no matter who makes it. And if it acts up I will trade it in. I hope the phone and the case are released at the same time Roy I think it's great. Let's think about it for a little​. Google wanted LG's OLED and in the same time was looking for a new Factory to build the next Pixel. Maybe LG was like you wont our best displays first in line take us to build the next Pixel. In the meantime HTC can't hel to build the new pixel without big bezels and not enough big battery and if Google ever wanted to bring back the front stereo speakers it's really difficult with HTC. LG roking​ with the G6 with tiny bezels. So with LG'S new OLED they can save more place for compact design big battery and the way Google get great display more likely with HDR and can bring back the stereo speakers:) Everybody wins. blindexecutioner Any manufacturer is better than HTC. I hope Google takes some of LG's design the way they took HTC's dated design as well (Even though they say they were responsible or the design it was clearly HTC inspired just like the Nexus devices have always been). Indianajonze well they made the nexus 5 as well, and that phone was amazing. personally, i welcome any opportunity that allows for the possibility we'll get an lcd screen over oled... Gytole Had the G2,3,4,5 and V20, never had a bootloop. I'm for it. Lisandro what a way to kill a phone even before being manufactured Tech Dude My prior LG phones were great. LG G2 and a coupleof LG G3s still going strong as emergency devices. Now my Nexus 6P.. I'm on my forth. No more devices from Huawei. Morenicano That "Boot Loops" picture tho....... 😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Orion Ummmm no. Never seen any issues with LG. This will be my next phone if the specs come correct. xyz Bollocks. Nexus 5 was the best Google branded phone ever. Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 172 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 33 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 395 1 Year Ago Today Editorial: iOS 10 is Apple’s not-so-secret love letter to Android 2016/06/15 4:50pm PDTJun 15, 2016 52 2 Years Ago Today Google Maps Now Warns You If You Are Navigating To A Place That Will Be Closed When You Arrive 2015/06/15 2:52pm PDTJun 15, 2015 43 3 Years Ago Today PSA: No, The OnePlus One Is Not Waterproof, So Don't Try This At Home 2014/06/15 11:20am PDTJun 15, 2014 2 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Emancy: Borderline War, Shelter, And Beejumbled 2013/06/15 5:49pm PDTJun 15, 2013 21 5 Years Ago Today Zombies, Run! Spices Up Your Running Routine With A Little Undead Uprising 2012/06/15 10:20pm PDTJun 15, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today [Updated] EVO Shift 4G Gingerbread OTA Update Dropping June 17th 2011/06/15 3:41pm PDTJun 15, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today HTC Aria Coming June 20th To AT&T, Initial Hands-On Impressions Surface 2010/06/15 5:50pm PDTJun 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 36 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 30 Google adds Play Store support to more Chromebooks from Acer, Dell, ASUS, HP, Lenovo, and Samsung 2017/06/15 11:01am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 173 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 124 queries | 0.412s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Galaxy on Fire 3 - Manticore blazes onto the Play Store Matthew Sholtz View All Posts 2017/05/17 9:27am PDTMay 17, 2017 10 Plus 1 on G+ 8 Share on Facebook 30 Share on Twitter Total Shares48 Games News Videos A little under two months ago Galaxy on Fire 3 - Manticore showed up on the Play Store for pre-registration. There was no release date announced, but it was obvious the game was coming soon. Well, today is the day. Galaxy on Fire 3 - Manticore is finally available for download. So strap in and get ready to fulfill the role of a bounty hunter searching for fame and fortune. After six months of availability on iOS, Android has finally received Galaxy on Fire 3 - Manticore. It would appear that Deep Silver FISHLABS was working closely with Google in order to bring the game to Android in time for Google I/O 2017. The developers have reported that Galaxy on Fire 3 – Manticore is taking advantage of the Vulkan graphics standard as well as the tools of Google’s development platform Firebase. If you are unfamiliar with the Galaxy on Fire series, it is a narrative-driven space action shooter. You will have the ability to pilot various ships and customize their loadouts. Your main goal will be to fight through plenty of intergalactic gangs. The more you defeat, the higher on the totem pole you become. The gameplay has you using touch controls to pilot your ship. The left side of the screen has a floating analog stick that controls your direction. The right side of the screen has the throttle, which controls your speed. As far as shooting is concerned, this will be controlled by the A.I. by default as it will automatically shoot as long as your cursor remains close to your target. This can be changed in the settings if you would like more manual control over your shooting. When it comes to the story, you are a new space pirate who is searching for their place in the galaxy. You can expect full voice acting throughout the entire thing, which I found pretty immersive. There are a few lines delivered in a questionable fashion, but in the grand scheme, it wasn't that bad. Something to keep in mind is that Galaxy on Fire 3 - Manticore is a free-to-play release. This means that you can expect advertisements in the release as well as in-app purchases that range as high as $99.99 per item. These IAPs are used to buy two separate types of currencies. In my eyes, this is not a good sign as you will usually find a paywall in titles that use multiple currencies in this manner. So what can I say? Galaxy on Fire 3 - Manticore is a beautiful game that will stretch your hardware to the max. There is no arguing that. It is just a shame to see the series take a turn towards high priced IAPs and endless grinding. There is so much more that Galaxy on Fire could do, but I suppose that does not pay the bills. Download QR-Code Galaxy on Fire 3 - Manticore Developer: Deep Silver Price: Free+ Tags Galaxy on Fire 3 - Manticore IAPs space shooter video subscribe ... Previous Story [Update: Visa confirms, kinda] Android Pay launches seem imminent for Canada and Russia ... Next Story Google releases new Daydream sensory demo, Audio Factory Trending 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Régis Knechtel It makes me so sad to see a game with so much potential to be released as a coin grabber. Bryan Pizzuti You guys realize it's compatible with basically nothing right now? I've got 4 Android devices on my Play Store, it only shows up as compatible with my Chromebook R13, which I'm pretty sure was just an oversight. Basically the entry is there for it, but it's not actually available to anyone yet. Matt S. Works on the S8, I have seen reports of it working for the Pixel, LGv20, Shield K1, and OP3T. It seems the game is super demanding, so few devices are compatible. Bryan Pizzuti I have an Axon 7, a G Pad X, and a SHIELD TV, none of them show as compatible. The Axon 7 should at least be showing if the Pixel is. Even more interesting that it shows as compatible with a Chromebook R13. If the game is that intensive there's no WAY that chip can handle it. Matt S. Sure, that is obviously a mistake. I am not saying no more devices will be added, it just looks like they are being conservative right now for the most part. I've seen this happen on plenty of game releases, I am sure it will work itself out in time. Bryan Pizzuti Ok, that might be it. I'm just a little surprised that they missed the Axon but included the OP3T. Did they include the regular OP3? Matt S. Sorry, no idea about the OP3. I am just going off of what I have seen on reddit and similar places. 3223 It seems compatible with my htc 10 and the s7. May have something to do with vulkan or some other... Installing now lordmerovingian OMG, for a moment I thought, not another Galaxy phone caught fire...😂😂😂. I need some lunch.. Crafted Crows The game looks amazing but is just another dumb game like the bajillions out there. As it is pointed in the article they could have done so many things with the game but it feels like went for the easy and mindless route. kaibosh Why even post that the game is released if it is incompatible with pretty much all hardware? cellabonez exactly i got an xperia x lg gpad x 10.1 incompatible how awesome Martin Bommeli ► All 23 Ships from v1.4: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjKpUPxypKg&list=PLvWe_7m7r_vaOfhpQ3RBUJRW4wA56B2wm giratina143 GOF2 was so good, this is just F2P , money sucking sh*t, really disappointed. GOF alliances was disappointing too. looks like fishlabs only cares about money, not its fans. Isa Muh’d This is unfair, Its only compatible with 6.0 upwards, that sucks! Kostas 💪🎩 apk? Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 173 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 34 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 148 1 Year Ago Today 5 years later, ADW Launcher 2.0 has been released - no, you are not dreaming - and it's insane 2016/06/16 7:10pm PDTJun 16, 2016 51 2 Years Ago Today Google Releases Topeka Demo Project For Android 2015/06/16 11:24am PDTJun 16, 2015 87 3 Years Ago Today Insult Your Friends In Style – Unicode 7.0 Standard Has 250 New Emoji, Including A Middle Finger 2014/06/16 4:21pm PDTJun 16, 2014 99 4 Years Ago Today [Weekend Poll] What's Your Preferred Tablet Display Size? 2013/06/16 12:08pm PDTJun 16, 2013 4 5 Years Ago Today Review: For Those Willing To Part With The EVO LTE's Paper-Thin Frame, Seidio's Surface, Active, And Convert Combo Cases Offer A Full Spectrum Of Protection 2012/06/16 12:56pm PDTJun 16, 2012 37 6 Years Ago Today Editorial: Android Tablets - Is It Just A Summer Fling, Or Are Manufacturers Here To Stay? 2011/06/16 5:30pm PDTJun 16, 2011 14 7 Years Ago Today Google Wants The Next Version of Android’s UI to Blow Your (And Manufacturers') Minds 2010/06/16 7:00pm PDTJun 16, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 176 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 90 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 30 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 139 queries | 0.327s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos Live TV TIMES NEWS - RADIO Modi Government Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy GST Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » India Business News » Google aims to have 41 million small and medium businesses in India Facebook posts $3 bn profit in Q1 H-1B effect: Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Google aims to have 41 million small and medium businesses in India Google India aims to bring some 41 million Small and Medium Businesses under its umbrella, those which are still alienated from the digtial world through their Digital Unlocked programme. Digital Unlocked is a training programme for creating awareness about digitization among SMBs.PTI | Jun 13, 2017, 05.42 PM IST File photo of Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaking at a while announcing about 'Digital Unlocked' programme KOLKATA: Google India aims to bring some 41 million Small and Medium Businesses under its umbrella, those which are still alienated from the digtial world through their Digital Unlocked programme. "According to a government estimate, there are 51 million SMBs (small and medium businesses) in the country out of which 10 million are either available in search results or maps of Google," Google's director of marketing solutions, Shalini Girish, said here on Tuesday. Digital Unlocked is a training programme for creating awareness about digitization among SMBs, which started in January. Google, along with the FICCI, plans to conduct 5000 offline classroom training programmes and take forward recognising SMBs with SMB Heroes programme. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web The Most Surprisingly Tall Women in Hollywood Livingly Salma Officially in Billionaire Wives Club Sportingz The Most Dangerous Snakes Found On The Planet Greeningz More from The Times of India FYJC admission: Part 2 form filling from Friday Raajakumara takes over Baahubali 2 Tech sector blown fuse can signal volatility power up From the Web More From The Times of India Find a State Farm® agent near you!State Farm Insurance Best Luxury Senior Living Apartments in CliftonLuxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These..New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads Have You Seen These Top Crossover SUVs?Crossover SUV - Sponsored Ads Who Says Playing Video Games Is a Waste of Time?WSJ for TAGG Six Capital Navi Mumbai airport levelling work begins Kerala women care for their families, but deprive themselves Reliance, BP to invest Rs 40,000cr in gas field Chhota Udepur district panchayat to procure new school bags BOJ set to hold policy steady, signal confidence in economy ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Subscribe today! Join Our newsletter Follow Us@timesofindia From around the Web Choose a home from across 12 cities in India GODREJ PROPERTIES Hit big savings on insurance with State Farm® State Farm Insurance Know Lung Cancer Treatment Better, Live A Better Life Lung Cancer Info - Sponsored Ads More From The Times of India UP to scrap Shia, Sunni waqf boards after graft plaints NRI entrepreneur buys Kohli painting for £2.9 million Let it bleed: Breaking taboos around menstrual hygiene Most Popular RBI at advanced stage of preparing list of top loan defaulters: Arun Jaitley Maharashtra farmers call off stir after state announces loan waiver Xi Jinping snubs Nawaz Sharif by skipping bilateral meet after murder of Chinese nationals RBI launches new batch of Rs 500 notes The new batch will feature minor design changes. The earlier batch of the new Rs 500 notes will continue to be legal tender. Consumer prices at record low in May, boosts hope of interest rate cut Retail inflation in May cooled to a new record low of 2.18 per cent. May’s inflation level is the lowest since the series began in 2012. The new series of industrial output rose 3.1 per cent in April after growing 2.7 per cent in March Read MoreSundar PichaiSmall and Medium BusinessGoogle IndiaGoogleFICCI Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners SpiceJet sets up retail venture; eyes more ancillary revenues Infosys chief Vishal Sikka meets Arun Jaitley Employer confidence in India dips to lowest since 2005: Report Insurance regulator takes over management of Sahara Life Insurance 1Google aims to have 41 million small and medium businesses in India 2SpiceJet sets up retail venture; eyes more ancillary revenues 3Infosys chief Vishal Sikka meets Arun Jaitley 4Employer confidence in India dips to lowest since 2005: Report 5Insurance regulator takes over management of Sahara Life Insurance Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Economic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Narendra Modi New 500 rupee note Champions Trophy 2017 GST Rates List Sensex SSC Result 2017 date Virat Kohli Hardik Patel Rahul Gandhi Rajnath Singh Kritika Choudhary Mandsaur News Indigo sale WWE Results GST News services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web ICC Champions Trophy Dark Circles How to Get Pregnant Ramadan Fasting Rules Sunny Leone Photos XXX Photos Weight Loss Tips Ramadan Festival 2017 Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics Exam Results 2017 UP Board 12th Results UP Board 10th Results MSBSHSE 10th result Raabta Collection xXx UP Intermediate Result UP High School Result IIT JEE Adv Results Maharashtra Board 10th Result Raabta Review Sunny Leone Photos Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service ` The times of india Login now & get a free Dunkin’ Shaken Iced CoffeeGet Free Coffee
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | Google reportedly not coming with Pixel XL 2 Muskie Google reportedly not coming with Pixel XL 2 Muskie By: Chandrika Jana Published: Tuesday, June 13, 2017, 17:30 [IST] We have been hearing a lot of rumors about the upcoming Google Pixel devices. Some rumors have also claimed that the codenames of upcoming Google handsets will be Walleye, Muskie, and Taimen. As per the information, we have obtained so far, Walleye and Muskie will be the codename for Google Pixel 2 devices whereas, the Taimen is rumored to be a brand-new tablet. However, things have apparently changed. Now, a report from Android Police is claiming that the Google has dropped one of the models and will launch only two Pixel phones. The phone that has been canceled is the Pixel XL 2. To be specific, the device codenamed as Muskie will not see the daylight. Instead of that, the 2017 Google Pixel XL will be based on the model codenamed as Taimen. This decision has been taken by Google because it will launch the Taimen with a larger display than originally planned. It is not known yet how large the screen will be but it will be definitely bigger than 5.5-inch. Well, Google has come up with large smartphones before as well. The Nexus 6P sports a 5.7-inch display and the Nexus 6 has a 6-inch display. Truth to be told, we don't think Taimen will have a display as large as 6-inch. So it will most likely be somewhere around 5.7-inch or 5.8-inch. This may come as a bad news for the Google fans. However, you should keep in mind that if Google has taken a decision, they must have thought it out thoroughly. Google Pixel XL 54,000 Specs Competitors Images +4 Read More About google | news | pixel | smartphones Other articles published on Jun 13, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Refurbished Samsung Galaxy Note 7 (Note FE) delayed until July end, tips fresh report Instagram’s new tool to bring transparency in commercial relationships Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 32GB now sells at Rs. 15,900 after price cut Featured Posts Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Home FEATURED Cellphones Notebooks Gaming Tablets Software Google May Stick with 2 Pixel Smartphones this Year; XL Variant to Undergo Big Revamp June 13, 2017, By Sanjeev Ramachandran Share This Related Posts Scientists Looking to Unlock Quantum Mechanics Tech to Offer Advanced Wireless Charging Mozilla Ups the Game with RAM-Optimized Multi-Process in Firefox v54 There have been many speculations about Google’s Pixel successor devices for this year. The recent one among those now claims that the Mountain View Company won’t be pushing for three pixel launches this year unlike reported before. Instead, it will stick with two Pixel devices like it was last year. However, that doesn’t mean that the new Pixel will have its sizes similar to that of its predecessor. While the standard Pixel is believed to be arriving in similar 5-inch variant this year, reports now suggest that the bigger device will arrive even bigger this time. According to Android Police, Google’s Pixel device codenamed Muskie is now believed to have been shelved for reasons dealing with technical and financial aspects. To recall, Muskie was the device that was touted to be the Pixel XL successor. Instead of Muskie, Google will now be developing its third device, codenamed Taimen, as the new Pixel XL successor. The major difference comes in the size of the device, with Taimen reported to be a pure phablet of display size measuring over 6-inch. The smaller Walleye is expected to retain the 5-inch Full HD display, while Taimen will have QHD displays lighting up the huge display. It’s also reported that Taimen will be featuring flexible OLED displays. Google was reported to have been pursuing a deal with LG for flexible OLED displays back in April. Interestingly, the South Korean manufacturer also appears to be the manufacturing partner of the larger Pixel device. This would see the return of LG to Google branded device manufacturing. The standard Pixel device will still be manufactured by HTC. Google’s decision to drop the Muskie Pixel device is believed to have been taken on account of cost effectiveness goals along with its failure to meet battery expectations. But it appears more a boon than a curse, given the bigger device is all set to arrive with more hardware features on its belt including flexible OLED. Indeed, that’s something which Google should insist given the heap of praise Samsung has received for its Infinite Display in Samsung Galaxy S8. The same is expected to be the cornerstone in upcoming Note 8 device. In addition, Apple too is all geared up to revolutionize its display with the upcoming iPhone 8/iPhone Edition device. Posted in: Cellphones, Tech News Related Articles Scientists Looking to Unlock Quantum Mechanics Tech to Offer Advanced Wireless Charging Mozilla Ups the Game with RAM-Optimized Multi-Process in Firefox v54 Samsung Galaxy S8 Active is Real, Geekbench Listing Ups Curiosity Moto E Return Grabs Eyeballs with Large Battery Huawei Honor 9 Goes Official in China with Top-Notch Processor, Camera « Previous Post « Huawei Honor 9 Goes Official in China with Top-Notch Processor, Camera Next Post » Moto E Return Grabs Eyeballs with Large Battery » Follow this blog Twitter Facebook RSS Tech Gaming Software Scientists Looking to Unlock Quantum Mechanics Tech to Offer Advanced Wireless Charging Mozilla Ups the Game with RAM-Optimized Multi-Process in Firefox v54 Samsung Galaxy S8 Active is Real, Geekbench Listing Ups Curiosity Google May Stick with 2 Pixel Smartphones this Year; XL Variant to Undergo Big Revamp Twitter to Have Yet Another Revamp for Android Version to Make Interface Simpler Nintendo Wii U Wound Up, Switch is Here PlayStation VR Arrives this October as the Cheapest Console VR Sony’s PlayStation Now Services to Hop on to PS3 Consoles Next Week Xbox One April Update to Usher in Voice Message Feature Sony Rolls Out Web-based PlayStation Vue TV Services for PS Devices Mozilla Ups the Game with RAM-Optimized Multi-Process in Firefox v54 Windows 10 Latest Build Reveals the Biggies of Fall Creators Update Chrome Makes Surfing Faster with JavaScript upgrades in Latest Version Microsoft’s CShell is Its Best Effort till Date for Unifying Windows iOS 11: Top Features that Would Excite You DM on Facebook DM on Twitter Latest Tutorials Here’s How to Track Your Misplaced Smartphone with Alexa Here’s How to Add Self-Made Stickers in iMessage How to Enable Night Mode and Freeform Apps in Android N Create Personalized Emojis in Snapchat; Here’s How News Tips // Getting in Touch Have anything worth reading and writing about it, then why not send us an email to give us more details. We can't promise that everything we get will be on the top page of DeviceMAG, but we can assure you that we'll read all emails. If you want to get in touch here's where to do it: Contact us. The Team What drives us into doing what we do? It’s either passion or need. Here at DeviceMAG we take technology very serious, no matter if it’s a small gadget or a new device on the market. With a passion for everything that gets geeks high we’re here to feed you with the latest news. Read more about us. © 2008-2012 DeviceMag.com - All rights reserved | Privacy Policy
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Top States 2017 Trailblazers Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Cambridge Cyber Summit Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Tour Net/Net Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Market Insider Early movers: JNJ, GOOGL, MRK, IMAX, SYNA, ED & more Peter Schacknow | @peterschack Tuesday, 13 Jun 2017 | 7:54 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell: Johnson & Johnson – The company's diabetes drug Invokana showed a reduction in the risk of serious heart problems, but an increased risk of amputations. Alphabet – Alphabet's Google unit reached a tax deal with Indonesia for 2016. The country had maintained that Google had not made enough annual payments to the government. Merck – Merck paused two late-stage studies involving the use of its Keytruda immunotherapy drug as a treatment for multiple myeloma. The drugmaker is investigating increased reports of deaths in the groups using the drug. Imax – IMAX is laying off 100 workers, amounting to 14 percent of its workforce, in a cost reduction move. The movie theater operator is trying to cut costs by $20 million per year. It also announced a new $200 million stock buyback program. Tesla – Tesla was upgraded to "buy" from "hold" at Berenberg, which also raised its price target on the automaker's stock to $464 per share from $193. Berenberg points to a lack of real action by traditional automakers in developing electric vehicles for mass market adoption. Snyaptics – Synaptics announced it would buy audio software company Conexant for $300 million in cash and stock, and will also purchase Marvell's multimedia unit for $95 million in cash. The maker of display and interface products, an Apple supplier, also narrowed its current-quarter revenue guidance to $420 million to $430 million, compared to the prior $410 to $450 million. Con Edison – Con Edison was downgraded to "hold" from "buy" at Jefferies, which cites several factors including valuation. The utility company's shares have risen more than 13 percent so far this year. Western Digital – The hard disk drive maker will raise its bid for Toshiba's semiconductor unit to two trillion yen, or about $18.2 billion, according to Japanese newspaper reports. Similar reports have surfaced over the past week. Initially, Wester Digital had bid about 1.6 trillion yen. Lands' End — Chief Executive Officer James Griffith bought 21,300 shares in the apparel retailer, according to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing, increasing his holdings to 51,700 shares. Everest Re – The reinsurer will replace Mead Johnson Nutrition in the S&P 500 within the next week, pending completion of Mead Johnson's acquisition by Britain's Reckett Benckiser. Science Applications International – The company reported quarterly profit of $1.08 per share, beating estimates by four cents a share. The defense contractor reported revenue below Street consensus, however, and lower profit margins, as well. Tesoro – Goldman Sachs reinstated coverage on the petroleum refiner with a "buy" rating and also added the stock to its "Conviction Buy" list. Goldman points to upside value from its just-completed acquisition of Western Refining as well as underappreciated value in Tesoro's non-refining segments. Peter SchacknowSenior Producer, CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change TSLA --- IMX --- MRK --- GOOGL --- JNJ ---
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# Mandsaur ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Exam results 2017 Kulbhushan Jadhav News Technology News Google website aims to have 41mn Indian SMBs digitally Shares0 Wed, 14 Jun 2017-11:00am , PTI Google India aims to bring some 41 million Small and Medium Businesses under its umbrella, those which are still alienated from the digtial world through their Digital Unlocked programme. "According to a government estimate, there are 51 million SMBs in the country out of which 10 million are either available in search results or maps of Google," Google's director of marketing solutions, Shalini Girish, said here today. Digital Unlocked is a training programme for creating awareness about digitization among SMBs, which started in January. Google, along with the FICCI, plans to conduct 5000 offline classroom training programmes and take forward recognising SMBs with SMB Heroes programme. TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Science China launches 1st X-ray space telescope Science Sex in space? Babies born on other planets could be 'vastly different' Science Albert Einstein letters on quantum theory and God to be auctioned Mobile LG will most likely manufacture Google's next-gen Pixel XL smartphone Technology Humans will most likely find alien life within the next two decades Technology Jupiter is the oldest planet in solar system, explains study Related Google CEO Sundar Pichai announces Digital Unlocked, My Business Websites for Indian SMBs Video WATCH| Karachi shocker: Man arrested for driving pet lion through streets! WATCH: Lilly Singh aka Superwoman gives a hilarious geography lesson for racists WATCH | Aleppo boy who became face of Syrian war looks healthy and happy in this new video! View all Tags FICCI Google India Digital Unlocked Google Google News Small and Medium Businesses Web Exclusive SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Small explosive device wounds one in Thai capital - police Australia to hold first nationwide gun amnesty in 21 years Myanmar editor facing trial for posting satirical article 'Happy Mrs Jung-sook' begins work as S.Korea's first lady among equals U.S. acts to seize stolen assets, Picasso in probe of 1MDB Sports Golf-Fowler prefers his followers on leaderboard not social media Soccer-Sterling expects Man City to 'punish' opponents Agar in, Strac and O'Keefe out for Bangladesh tour Rugby-Western Force warrior Hodgson retires after 'toughest year' Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Friday, June 16 Entertainment Katrina Kaif is going to give tough competition to Salman Khan in Tiger Zinda Hai. And here is the proof Colbert wants Jackman to play him in a movie on Trump probe ?Inside Edge'-trailer-invite-is-all-about-love-passion-and-courage Salman Khan and Kris from Cartoon Network share 5 invaluable life lessons for kids! Reese Witherspoon goes on an adventure trip with son Deacon Business Sensex struggles to keep early momentum, IT a drag Indian rape victim sues Uber, its CEO for unlawfully obtaining More airlines ban TDP MP Reddy; minister orders probe Infosys appoints Karmesh Vaswani as Global Head of Retail & Nitesh Lead futures extend gains, up 0.11% on strong demand Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search 2nd-gen eero boosts WiFi, adds IoT and smart security Chris Davies - Jun 13, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit eero kick-started the home mesh WiFi revolution, now it’s rolling out two new models and a subscription based filtering and security service to keep its edge. The 2nd-generation eero, eero Beacon, and optional eero Plus network protection package promise more speed, more safety, and even more flexibility. Still, they also take pains not to undermine the reputation for plug-and-play ease that eero has become known for. That’s partly down to eero’s TrueMesh system – which allows individual routers to figure out the most efficient way of intercommunicating, blanketing a home with wireless connectivity – but also its app-based management. eero has pushed out almost 30 software updates to the platform in the past 12-18 months, though you might not guess the depth of what’s going on just from the simple UI of the app. In that period, of course, eero hasn’t managed to keep the segment all to itself. Most notably, Google waded into the mesh space with Google Wifi; not the most imaginative name, no, but a system that proved just as straightforward to use as eero’s. Meanwhile the traditional router-makers woke up and readied mesh systems of their own, while Qualcomm looks set to supercharge the segment in the coming months with its brand new, IoT-embracing wireless platform. What’s eero to do? Turns out, the answer to that is not only develop two new router models, complete with entirely new hardware, but begin the evolution of eero as an ecosystem and platform, an OS for the whole home. I sat down with Nick Weaver, eero CEO and co-founder, to find out more. Familiar, at least from the outside, is the new 2nd-generation eero. It sticks with the external industrial design of the old model, a vaguely-pillowy white box, though the silver eero logo is now raised. On the back, there are two gigabit ethernet ports – they can auto-detect whether they’re plugged into your modem, or a networked device – but power is now supplied via a USB-C port. Inside, though, it’s all changed. Completely rebuilt with all-new hardware, eero says the new router is more than twice as powerful as its predecessor. There’s triband WiFi – adding a second 5 GHz radio – with support for broadcasting on all three wireless bands simultaneously; indeed, eero claims it’s potentially twice as fast, wirelessly, as the 1st-gen router. It also gets a new radio technology. In addition to WiFi 802.11a/b/g/n/ac with 2×2 MU-MIMO and beamforming, there’s also Bluetooth LE 4.2 and Thread. The latter isn’t a household name yet, but it’s one of the new luminaries of the Internet of Things, promising a new, secure way for connected devices like smart locks, thermostats, sensors, and other low-power devices that eschew WiFi to connect. Why Thread, and not other existing IoT standards like ZigBee or Z-Wave? According to Weaver, it again comes down to security and convenience. Thread connections all use IPv6, and they’re all encrypted by default. While the primary use for the technology might currently be device-to-device intercommunication, according to the eero CEO that’s mainly because nobody has wanted to make a dedicated bridge yet. That’s something eero believes its new routers will address, opening the floodgates in the process. The 2nd-gen eero is only half of the equation, however. There’s also a new eero Beacon, half the size but promising around 30-percent more power than the original router. Inside, there’s dual-band WiFi, Thread, and Bluetooth support. It’s designed to plug directly into an outlet – it turns out many people, Weaver says, positioned their 1st-gen models in places wires might be in-conducive to safety, like corridors or stairs – and even has a sly motivator for you to keep it out and visible. eero’s concern, Weaver explained to me, was that people might plug the eero Beacon into an outlet behind a couch or desk, which could have an impact on performance. To dissuade them, it built an LED nightlight into the base of the unit: an ambient light sensor triggers it, adjusting brightness according to conditions in the room. Alternatively, it can be scheduled, or turned off altogether. Importantly, those with original eero systems aren’t left out in the cold. Since the new models run the same OS as the 1st-gen eero units, they’re backward compatible. The company will sell starter kits, as before, but you’ll also be able to buy 2nd-gen eero and eero Beacon units to add to an existing installation. That’ll have the side-benefit of instantly introducing Thread compatibility, too. Theoretically, Weaver told me, you might see a speed impact mixing old and new eero hardware together, compared to all-new. In reality, however, he explained, you’re unlikely to notice any difference, bar in a lab setting. Still, the advantages of the new hardware can’t be understated: the promise is that a two unit combo of a 2nd-gen eero and an eero Beacon is likely to outperform the three-unit original kit. eero has never just been about hardware, of course. The other half of the equation is the software, and there the company is aiming to make eero a platform, not just a way of beaming Netflix around your home, jitter-free. “Every home will need an operating system,” Weaver argues, and while initially it’ll be populated with apps and features of the company’s own creation, eventually there’ll be APIs and such so that third-party developers can get onboard too. The current vision, Weaver explains, is akin to Amazon Prime. eero Plus will be a single, $9.99 per month subscription (or $99/year) which will gradually grow in services as time goes on; it’ll be optional, but according to the company it addresses the top two requests from existing owners. That’s whole-home network security, and parental controls with content filtering. The former will monitor every device on the network, and block anything nefarious such as malware, ransomeware, and phishing attacks. The latter will be able to control filtering for individual devices or sets of devices, including that deemed illegal, adult, or violent, and even force SafeSearch to be switched on. eero Plus subscribers will also get VIP priority access to the company’s support team. As you might expect, the user-facing interface is simplistic to the point of minimalism. The security side is a single switch: you get a summary email periodically, detailing what was blocked and why, but otherwise it’s completely transparent. The parental controls build on eero’s existing family profiles: for each person’s group of devices, you can turn on filtering for the different categories. However, that simplicity hides a multitude of talents. eero is basically pulling together numerous enterprise-level filter and security systems and packaging them – with its own software – on the backend, Weaver says. That it’s delivered so invisibly to the end-user is part of the magic. You won’t need the 2nd-generation eero in order to use eero Plus, of course. If you’re tempted by the faster hardware, though, it’s up for preorder today, and expected to ship in a few weeks time. The company has organized it into three different tiers, kicking off with the Home WiFi System – comprising a 2nd-gen eero and an eero Beacon – for $299. $399, meanwhile, gets you an extended version of that, throwing in a second eero Beacon. Finally, there’s the Pro WiFi System, with three 2nd-gen eero units, for $499. Individual 2nd-gen eero routers are $199 apiece, while eero Beacon will be $149. Story Timeline Eero wants to create mesh network for your home WiFi needs Eero Wifi system update boosts speed with TrueMesh, enables Alexa skills Eero price cut as mesh routers prepare for platform play Tags EeroInternet of ThingsIoTnetworkingwifiwireless network Must Read Bits & Bytes Surface Pro Review 2017 2018 Hyundai Kona First Drive: Better late than never for all-new SUV Google Pixel XL 2 gets even bigger (6P size returns!) Belkin Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock Review: MacBook Pro ports, at a price E3 2017: All major announcements from Microsoft, Sony, Nintendo, and more Latest Headlines Galaxy Note 8 benchmark confirms fears of no Android O Jun 15, 2017 In Canada, unlocked phones aren’t just nice, they’re the law Jun 15, 2017 Destiny 2 PC release date revealed, PS4 content to other platforms in 2018 Jun 15, 2017 Google Now cards in Nova Launcher for Android [APK download] Jun 15, 2017 Amazon plans to stop in-store shoppers from online price checking Jun 15, 2017 Latest Reviews Surface Pro Review 2017 Jun 15, 2017 Belkin Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock Review: MacBook Pro ports, at a price Jun 14, 2017 Mophie Charge Force Case for iPhone 7 Review: Fixing Apple’s flaws Jun 12, 2017 2017 BMW 530i Review: Geek excess comes at a price Jun 11, 2017 ARMS review: Nintendo succeeds with its surprisingly fun fighting twist Jun 11, 2017 Site Information About / Advertise / Tip Us / Contact Policies Ethics Statement / Privacy Policy / Terms of Use © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed
TOP NEWS | Latest News | Press Release Term of Use About Us RSS | TWITTER | Facebook | FORUM Friday, 16th June 2017 Home National International Business Sports Entertainment Science/Tech Environment Feature Photos Bahasa Government reaches tax agreement with Google 13th June 2017 | 2.947 Views Illustration. Logo at Google Indonesia office, Jakarta. (ANTARA News/Natisha) Jakarta (ANTARA News) - Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati confirmed that the government had reached an agreement on tax settlement with the search engine giant Google. "We have discussed with them and have reached an agreement based on the annual tax notification (SPT) 2016," Indrawati said here, Tuesday. The minister noted that Google had upheld its commitment to pay taxes under the agreement. However, she refused to elaborate on the amount of the tax. "Since this is confidential, we cannot disclose a companys taxes," she added. It was earlier reported that Google had failed to pay proper tax on ground that the company did not have a representative office in Indonesia. The Directorate General of Taxes had conducted an audit and urged Google to submit its financial report to enable the authority to calculate its tax obligation based on the firms income. The countrys tax authority has monitored Google since April 2016, as the information technology business has grown rapidly and earned high revenue from advertisers. The government has estimated that the total advertising revenue for the industry in Indonesia reached around US$830 million, with Google and Facebook Inc accounting for around 70 percent of this figure. Google had registered as a foreign investor in Indonesia since September 15, 2011, and served as a dependent agent of Google Asia Pacific Pte Ltd in Singapore. Hence, under the law on income tax, the firm, as a permanent establishment, is liable to pay income tax. The government has claimed that Google owes Rp5 trillion ($373.8 million) in back taxes and penalties since 2011, and the tax office estimates that its revenues had reached Rp6 trillion in 2015. Last year, Google had agreed to pay 130 million pounds ($164 million) in back taxes to settle a probe by Britains tax authority, while Thailand is studying plans to toughen tax collection rules for internet and technology firms.(*) Latest News Indonesia highlights commitment on trade cooperation with UNCTAD 7 hours ago Government seeks to reduce electricity tariff: Energy minister 7 hours ago AP II to operate nine other airports 7 hours ago Minister visits China to follow up on bilateral cooperation 7 hours ago Indonesia`s economy grows to 5.3 percent in 2018: World Bank 8 hours ago BI maintains reference rate at 4.75 percent 8 hours ago Tourism Ministry signs MoU on halal wonders 8 hours ago BI believes national economy to perform better in Q2 9 hours ago www.antaranews.com Copyright © 2017 Latest News Top News National International Business Sports Entertainment Science/Tech Environment Feature TV Otomotif Bola Forum Pembaca Press Release Term Of Use About Us Network Guidelines Twitter Facebook RSS
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ First Click Column Tech The Project Fi data-only SIM is my favorite deal in wireless New, 31 comments Skip the tethering hassle by Dieter Bohn@backlon Jun 13, 2017, 7:30am EDT share tweet Linkedin Photo by James Bareham / The Verge Welcome to First Click, a daily essay written by The Verge staff in which we opine on lives lived in the near future. Project Fi is Google’s specialized wireless service designed primarily for Google’s own phones. It doesn’t get much attention because, in order to use it, your main phone pretty much has to be either a Google Pixel or a Nexus device. It hasn’t kept up with the trend of unlimited data that other carriers are doing now, but it does have a refreshingly simple business model. Here’s how it works, if you don’t know: you pay $20 per month for your phone and $10 per GB of data that you use. That’s pretty much it. Additional phones are $15 per month and use the same data bucket. If you don’t use the data, you just pay the base rate of $20. If you use more than you planned, your “overages” are just charged at that $10 / GB rate. Fi is great, but you need to use a Google phone to get started Fi also has another feature that I love that Google doesn’t get much credit for: you can order free, data-only SIM cards and slap them into whatever device you want at no extra charge — it just pulls from your usual data bucket. Google announced this deal alongside support for iPads and other devices back in late 2015, but I’m only now realizing how great it is. Project Fi is an MVNO, which means Google doesn’t actually own the towers or the network you connect to, it leases time from actual carriers. In Fi’s case, it’s T-Mobile and Sprint. I’ve only ever really seen it connect to T-Mobile and the data-only SIM only works on T-Mobile. I felt that all of this is necessary to point out because if you’re thinking of switching to Fi, you should know that their coverage might not fit your needs. I need data connectivity to do my job, especially when I’m reporting at events. And for me, that means having access to more than one wireless carrier just in case. So while my main phone is Verizon, I also keep a Project Fi phone around as a backup for tethering. LTE ALL THE THINGS Which brings me to the data-only SIM card. If I have a gadget (like the iPad Pro I’m using now) with a SIM card slot, it means I can use LTE on it directly rather than fuss around with turning on my phone’s tethering. It’s much more convenient, but it’s also great because I’m not draining the batteries on two different devices just so I can have internet access on one of them. It makes me wish more devices had LTE options. Now that I know it won’t cost me a monthly fee to have LTE in a tablet, I want the same option in my laptop. There’s a very real chance it’s going to help determine my next computer purchase. Because it doesn’t cost any extra, I can put Fi data-only SIMs in all sorts of stuff. Grab an old phone that’s sitting a drawer, put a SIM in it, and now you have a backup data device. I’m currently hunting around for a good, unlocked mobile hot spot with a big battery to replace my usual battery backup. It’s a thing I want now, I want to LTE all the things. Don’t forget, though: it’s a data-only SIM. That means you can’t use the proper phone functions without some (sort of hacky) Google Dialer / Hangouts workarounds. (But for a secondary device, it hardly seems necessary.) You also may have to futz around with the APN settings to get a device to connect, but a surprising number of devices “just work,” including the iPad. Maybe someday Google will stop treating Fi like a side project and make it directly available and easy to set up on more than just its own phones. In the meantime, it’s my favorite way to add LTE to my devices. If I don’t use them, they don’t cost me anything. But I have a feeling I’ll be using them a lot more now. Next Up In Tech Amazon granted a patent that prevents in-store shoppers from online price checking The CIA has lots of ways to hack your router Jeff Bezos asks Twitter for philanthropy ideas that can help ‘right now’ DirecTV Now’s latest attempt to draw new subscribers is a free Roku Premiere US government awards millions to HPE, Intel, and others in hopes they’ll build next-gen supercomputers Facebook says it wants ‘to be a hostile place for terrorists’ Now Trending Amazon granted a patent that prevents in-store shoppers from online price checking Well, isn’t that ironic Sony's excuse for blocking PlayStation and Xbox cross-platform play is hostile and stupid Sony head, meet desk Microsoft Surface Pro review: the new normal Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 14. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Amazon granted a patent that prevents in-store shoppers from online price checking by Dani Deahl 29 comments / new Super Mario Odyssey has co-op, will let you play as Mario’s hat by Chaim Gartenberg 6 comments / new The CIA has lots of ways to hack your router by Russell Brandom 14 comments / new How The Last of Us' expansion impacted Uncharted: The Lost Legacy by Megan Farokhmanesh God of War director used John Woo’s masterpiece to sell the developer on his huge idea by Chris Plante 2 comments / new Bill Nye Saves the World will be back for a second season by Shannon Liao 15 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News Grenfell Tower World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices HTC U11 review: the squeezable phone with a stunning camera The Guardian Samuel Gibbs 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 'Ready to offer asylum to Comey': Putin jokes about 'very strange' media leak ‘Some victims may remain unidentified’, police say as shock turns to anger © Provided by Guardian News htc u11 review Once the darling of the smartphone world, HTC has been struggling to gain traction in a market dominated by Samsung and Apple with its solid but bland devices. Now the U11 is here and it’s squeezable (no really), can the former smartphone leader turn it around? The U11 is the new top of the line for HTC, replacing last year’s all-metal HTC 10 with the company’s new shiny metallic glass design. Subtle the U11 is not. It’s back is a highly polished metal sitting behind a fingerprint-magnet slab of glass. It’s certainly eye-catching and will appeal to those looking for a little bit of bling. © Provided by Guardian News htc u11 review The front of the device is rather bland, just a black slate of glass with a small indentation for a fingerprint scanner at the bottom. Compared to the svelte new bezel-free design of smartphones from the likes of Samsung, LG and Essential, the U11 looks decidedly old and chunky. The screen is super crisp, with good colours, blacks and brightness, but it’s an LCD and not quite up to the rich, vibrancy and colour depth of the top of the range AMOLED screens seen in other high-end rivals such as the Galaxy S8. HTC’s build quality is legendary and the U11 does not disappoint. It is rock solid with no give or flex in the body. It is covered in glass, though, which doesn’t bode quite as well for drops or falls. The phone is water resistant to IP67 standards, so it will survive a trip down the toilet but swimming or dips below a metre of water are out. The rounded back of U11 makes the phone 9.1mm thick at its peak, which is relatively chunky for a smartphone in 2017 – most, including the Galaxy S8, are around 7-8mm thick. It feels nice in the hand but the large bezels on the sides and top and bottom make the U11 pretty bulky. The sides don’t look unusual, but the bottom half of each hides a secret pressure sensitive strip that you can squeeze to do certain things. More on that particular whizz-bang feature, later. © Provided by Guardian News htc u11 review The fingerprint sensor is a thin oval shape on the front which works well, reliably unlocking the device almost instantaneously. You might be disappointed there’s no headphone socket, but active noise cancelling headphones are included in the box, as is a USB-C to headphone socket adapter. It’ll be annoying if you don’t use the bundled headphones or wireless ones. Specifications - Screen: 5.5in quad HD LCD (590ppi) - Processor: Octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 - RAM: 4GB of RAM - Storage: 64GB + microSD card - Operating system: Android 7.1.1 with HTC Sense - Camera: 12MP rear camera with OIS, 16MP front-facing camera - Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS - Dimensions: 154 x 76 x 9.1mm - Weight: 168g Hardware © Provided by Guardian News htc u11 review The U11 is one of the first smartphones available with Qualcomm’s latest Snapdragon 835 processor, which claims to be both faster and more efficient for longer battery life. The Samsung Galaxy S8 also uses the 835 in the US, but not in Europe. HTC’s recent smartphones have run very well optimised software and the U11 is no exception. It consistently flies along at a pace only Google’s Pixel devices have in recent memory. App launches, jumping between apps, camera launches, game loads, searches and phone unlocks using the fingerprint scanner are instant and do not get bogged down as you use the device. Battery life was solid if not spectacular. The U11 lasted around 24 hours between charges without activating any power saving modes. That was while using it as my primary device, browsing and using apps for four hours with hundreds of push emails, 60 minutes of gaming, and listening to around five hours of music via Bluetooth headphones. Standby time was slightly disappointing, however, dropping just over 1% an hour while sitting dormant overnight with do not disturb activated. The U11 is also fast to charge using Quick Charge 3.0 and a compatible charger, hitting 100% in just over an hour. Software © Provided by Guardian News htc u11 review HTC fits its smartphones with a customised version of Android called Sense. The U11 comes with the latest version based on Android 7.1.1. Overall, Sense is a light touch on Android, with only a few small refinements and tweaks. Most of these come in the form of optimisations, which make the U11 one of the snappiest smartphones around. The biggest addition is HTC’s new smart assistant called Sense Companion. Part of it is a duplication of Google Assistant, which is also available on the U11, with points of interest, restaurant and travel information when out and about. The other part is the phone’s ability to learn from your habits and optimise its performance accordingly. It will remind you when it needs recharging and when junk and memory needs to be cleared out using Boost+, among other bits and pieces. It takes a while to learn, and in the limited time I’ve had the U11, it failed to do anything particularly interesting. It, like many of the other manufacturer-developed smart assistants, seems to just do a poor job of duplicating Google Assistant and its feed. Given more time Sense Companion may prove more valuable as it learns. It can be turned off or ignored, and some may find it more useful, particularly if you do not give Google access to your entire digital life. Camera © Provided by Guardian News htc u11 review The U11’s 12-megapixel camera is cracking. It is capable of taking some really stunning photos with rich detail, deep colour and has very good low-light performance, which means it’s very difficult to take a bad photo with the U11. It’s right up there with Google Pixel as the best camera phone on the market. There are also plenty of manual controls within the pro shooting mode, which can get as complicated or as simple as you’d like with sliders and custom presets plus optional RAW output. HTC’s camera app is one of the best on the market, missing only a golden-ratio grid. The 16-megapixel selfie camera is also very good, producing great shots even in difficult lighting conditions. There are three modes: selfie video, selfie panorama and selfie photo. All of them are pretty self explanatory and work well. You can smooth skin with a makeup mode, but I found the photos were already of softer focus than my personal preference, without any skin-smoothing modes active. Squeeze-me © Provided by Guardian News htc u11 review Most of the HTC U11 isn’t exactly unique. One thing that HTC has all to its own is Edge Sense - you simply squeeze the sides on the bottom half of the phone to activate features. The pressure sensitivity can be tuned to your liking in case you have a monster grip, and you can change what happens when you squeeze the phone. By default a squeeze will launch the camera and, once up and running, trigger the shutter. Launching the camera with a squeeze is great, but squeezing to shoot ends up shaking the camera at the moment of capture. If you go “advanced” you can set a short squeeze and a long squeeze to do different things. It sounds a little daft, but is a better way to launch the camera than a double tap of the power button, with far less accidental activation. Bravo for trying something new that isn’t just a gimmick. Observations © Provided by Guardian News htc u11 review     - The U11’s speakers are more powerful and clearer than the majority of the competition     - Both the front and the rear glass panels are fingerprint magnets     - Bluetooth connectivity to wireless earbuds wasn’t the best, dropping out in places       where a Galaxy S8 had no issues Price The HTC U11 costs £649 and is available in silver, black or blue, which makes it one of the cheaper top-end smartphones available, if not by much. For comparison, the Samsung Galaxy S8 costs £689 with 64GB of storage, the Galaxy S8+ costs £779 with 64GB of storage, the Google Pixel XL costs £719 with 32GB of storage, Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus costs £719 with 32GB of storage, the LG G6 costs £649 with 32GB of storage, and the Huawei P10 Plus costs £649 with 128GB of storage. Verdict The HTC U11 is a great smartphone hidden in an old, bulky design. While rivals have moved on with tiny bezels and big screens squeezed into small phone bodies, HTC has stagnated. It’s bright and bold on the back, but bland on the front. The large bezels make the phone pretty big for a device with a 5.5in screen and harder to use and fit in a pocket compared to rivals. The high-shine and colour certainly stand out, which will appeal to some, and the U11 has a great camera and useful edge sense pressure-sensitive sides. It’s just a shame that the U11 feels like a smartphone designed for 2015 not 2017. Pros: squeezable sides, brilliant camera, microSD card slot, water resistant, bold colours, good screen, 24-hour battery, noise-cancelling earphones in the box Cons: bulky, large bezels, dated design, no headphone socket Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from The Guardian Scientists make quantum leap The Guardian From Tehran to Beirut: Shia militias aim to firm up Iran's arc of influence The Guardian Sins of the father: daughters of men who killed for Argentina's regime speak out The Guardian The Guardian View the Full Site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
By continuing to use this site you consent to the use of cookies on your device. Find out more about our cookie policy and the types of cookies we use by clicking here You currently DO NOT have javascript enabled, to view our site this must be enabled, read more Welcome to Morningstar Type Ticker, Company or Fund Name Sign Up Login Company Site Home Portfolio Investing for Retirement  Equities OEIC / Unit Trusts Investment Trusts ETFs Markets Tools Advisers   Welcome to Morningstar.co.uk! You have been redirected here from Hemscott.com as we are merging our websites to provide you with a one-stop shop for all your investment research needs. Get Started: To search for a security, type the name or ticker in the search box at the top of the page and select from the dropdown results. Registered Hemscott users can log in to Morningstar using the same login details. Similarly, if you are a Hemscott Premium user, you now have a Morningstar Premium account which you can access using the same login details. Morningstar.co.uk contains data, news and research on shares and funds, unique commentary and independent Morningstar research on a broad range of investment products, and portfolio and asset allocation tools to help make better investing decisions. For more information: Find out more about Morningstar and the website Read our top tips for getting the most out of Morningstar.co.uk Locate your usual Hemscott.com features on Morningstar.co.uk See a comprehensive list of Morningstar.co.uk features Check the answers to FAQs Contact website support Don't show me this message again   Close Equity Research & Insights Sector in Focus: FANG Tech Stocks After taking a hard hit last Friday, US mega-tech FANG stocks extended their losses this week. What is the Morningstar analyst view?  Karen Kwok 13 June, 2017 | 12:04AM Share via Email   Receiver's Email: Invalid Reciever Email Sender's Email: Invalid Sender Email Add Your Note (Optional):   The US mega-cap tech firms known as the FANG stocks extended their losses yesterday this week, following last Friday’s fall. FANG is the acronym for four mega-cap technology stocks that have been driving the NASDAQ to new highs this year. Prior to the hiccup last week, the tech-heavy NASDAQ climbed to a new record closing high, to 6,322 on June 8. The index is now down 2.3% from that level. Shares of FANG stocks Alphabet (GOOG), Facebook (FB) and Amazon (AMZN) are all down more than 4%, from their previous high levels on June 8. Other tech stocks are also affected; Microsoft (MSFT) has also fallen 3%, while Apple (AAPL) is down 6.2% over the same period. They are all rated three-star by Morningstar analysts, meaning analysts believe these stocks are trading at their estimated fair value. The fourth FANG stock, Netflix (NFLX), currently has a one-star status, meaning Morningstar analysts consider it to be overvalued – despite the fact that the stock is down 8.7% since June 8. Yet year to date, Alphabet has a 22.2% gain, while Facebook and Amazon are both up 29%. Microsoft has gained 12.3%, Apple is up 25.6% and Netflix has risen up 22.3%. “Investors looking at the US tech sector now face a key question – has the great rally in tech finally come to an end, or is it wiser simply to follow the trend? In most cases, these rallies go on longer than anyone thinks, so the opportunistic bargain-hunting is likely to continue,” said Chris Beauchamp, chief market analyst at IG Group, the online trading platform. Data from Morningstar Direct showed that the most popular investment trust on Morningstar.co.uk in the past 11 months, Scottish Mortgage (SMT) has 9.5% of Amazon.com Inc in its portfolio, which is the highest stock holding in the fund. Facebook and Alphabet are also featured in the top 10 holdings in the portfolio, with 4.8% and 3.7% weighting in the fund. The fund fell 2.7% yesterday, however, the fund is up 27.4% year to date. Netflix (NFLX) Netflix had a mixed start to 2017 as the firm missed its subscriber guidance but beat Morningstar projections for revenue and segment contribution, said Neil Macker, equity analyst. The firm posted weaker-than-expected subscriber growth in both the international and US segments, Macker added. “The streaming video on demand market remains very difficult to forecast with precision. For these reasons, we assign Netflix's shares a very high uncertainty rating. The expansion into international markets is unprofitable today, and any material level of profitability may take five years or longer to achieve. Also, Netflix may be overpaying for content due to the presence of Amazon and Hulu. The entry of new competitors may exacerbate the rising cost of content,” said Macker. Alphabet (GOOG) Alphabet dominates the online search market with Google’s global market share of above 80%, of which it generates strong revenue growth and cash flow, says Morningstar equity analyst Ali Mogharabi. Mogharabi expects continuing growth in the company’s cash flow as he remains confident that Google will maintain its leadership in the search market. “In addition, we view the investment of some of that cash in futuristic projects as attractive. The Google ecosystem strengthens as its products are adopted by more users, making Google’s online advertising services more attractive to advertisers and publishers, resulting in increased online ad revenue. However our uncertainty rating for Alphabet is high, as Alphabet’s high dependency on continuing growth in the online advertising space, along with questions as to whether the company’s moonshot investments will bear fruit,” said Mogharabi. Android’s dominant global market share of smartphones leaves Alphabet’s Google well positioned to continue generating top-line growth as search traffic shifts from desktop to mobile, while Mogharabi expects slight deceleration of growth in other operating expenses to create operating leverage for Alphabet starting in 2019, partially offsetting decline in gross margin. Facebook (FB) The growth in users and user engagement in Facebook, along with the valuable data that they generate, makes Facebook attractive to advertisers in the short and long term, said Mogharabi. “We believe that the company’s offerings, consisting mainly of Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp, have further strengthened network effects for the firm, where all of these platforms become more valuable to its users as people both join the networks and use these services,” said Mogharabi. On average, users are on Facebook and its different apps approximately 50 minutes per day, compared with 40 minutes in 2014. This demonstrates the value of the platform to users, and its network effect for the firm. Outside of network effects, Facebook also has developed additional intangible assets. Unlike any other online platform in the world, Facebook has accumulated data about each individual with a Facebook account. Facebook has its users’ demographic information, said Mogharabi. Amazon (AMZN) Amazon dominates North American online retail with an estimated $180 billion in 2016, sad R.J. Hottovy, strategist with Morningstar. Hottovy said with more than half of the world's Internet users coming from developing markets, Amazon has promising international growth opportunities, including Europe, Japan, and India. “Amazon has played a key role in the structural shift away from brick-and-mortar retail and will likely lay waste to many other retailers in the years to come. As an increasingly vital distribution channel for consumer product vendors, Amazon commands favourable pricing terms to traditional rivals, which will help drive recurring site traffic. Even with more retailers looking to expand online, we believe Amazon will maintain its consumer proposition through the convenience of Amazon Prime's expedited shipping and expanding digital content library,” said Hottovy. The information contained within is for educational and informational purposes ONLY. It is not intended nor should it be considered an invitation or inducement to buy or sell a security or securities noted within nor should it be viewed as a communication intended to persuade or incite you to buy or sell security or securities noted within. Any commentary provided is the opinion of the author and should not be considered a personalised recommendation. The information contained within should not be a person's sole basis for making an investment decision. Please contact your financial professional before making an investment decision. Share via Email   Receiver's Email: Invalid Reciever Email Sender's Email: Invalid Sender Email Add Your Note (Optional):   Related Articles Most Popular Recent Articles How Tech Innovation Could Damage Your Portfolio Returns The textbooks tell us innovation is good for the economy - but as robotics and technology disr... Tech Stocks Update: Apple and Facebook Facebook started 2017 on a positive note with revenue ahead of expectations, while Apple ... How to Profit from the Rise of Robotics Robotics are fast becoming part of our everyday lives – and with more innovation on the ... Why Did Markets Not React To ‘Shock’ Election Result? Unexpected election results usually create turmoil on currency and stock markets. Why has calm pr... Federal Reserve Raises Interest Rates Despite More Hawkish Outlook The second rate rise this year was widely expected – but many now expect rates to be kept on hold... Are FTSE Mining Companies Cheap Right Now? Mining companies are operating in a challenging environment but could now be the time to top up o... Advice for George Osborne and Stock Market Regrets THE WEEK: Morningstar columnist Rodney Hobson provides two pieces of advice to George Osborne, an... How to Find Solid Dividend-Paying Stocks Businesses that have competitive advantages within their industry are good candidates for dividen... 10 Top-Performing Funds in the UK Morningstar reveals the top 10 best performers over the last five years Fund Research: Europe’s Shining Stars Morningstar OBSR reveals the top funds for investors seeking exposure to European equities Why Did Markets Not React To ‘Shock’ Election Result? Unexpected election results usually create turmoil on currency and stock markets. Why has calm pr... Federal Reserve Raises Interest Rates Despite More Hawkish Outlook The second rate rise this year was widely expected – but many now expect rates to be kept on hold... Regulator Keen to Squeeze Adviser Fees Fund management fees are falling, could the cost of getting advice be next in line?  Smart Beta: What are Value ETFs? In the first in our series explaining the different factors investors can add to their portfolios... Is Gold Undervalued? The gold price has risen year to date - but one multi-manager is saying the real asset looks chea... Securities Mentioned in Article Security Name Price Change (%) Morningstar Rating Alphabet Inc C 942.31 USD -0.89 Amazon.com Inc 964.17 USD -1.26 Apple Inc 144.29 USD -0.60 Microsoft Corp 69.90 USD -0.53 Netflix Inc 151.76 USD -0.29 Scottish Mortgage Ord 402.00 GBX -1.71 About Author Karen Kwok  is a Reporter for Morningstar.co.uk HelpGlossaryLicensing OpportunitiesData OpportunitiesCareersContact MorningstarAdvertiseSite Map International sites: Australia Austria Belgium Canada China Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong Iceland India Italy Ireland Japan Korea Latvia Lithuania Malaysia Netherlands New Zealand Norway Portugal Singapore South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand United Kingdom United States     Make this site my homepage © Copyright 2016 Morningstar. All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Cookies The Morningstar Star Rating for Stocks is assigned based on an analyst's estimate of a stocks fair value. It is projection/opinion and not a statement of fact. Morningstar assigns star ratings based on an analyst’s estimate of a stock's fair value. Four components drive the Star Rating: (1) our assessment of the firm’s economic moat, (2) our estimate of the stock’s fair value, (3) our uncertainty around that fair value estimate and (4) the current market price. This process culminates in a single-point star rating that is updated daily. A 5-star represents a belief that the stock is a good value at its current price; a 1-star stock isn't. If our base-case assumptions are true the market price will converge on our fair value estimate over time, generally within three years. Investments in securities are subject to market and other risks. Past performance of a security may or may not be sustained in future and is no indication of future performance. For detail information about the Morningstar Star Rating for Stocks, please visit here Quantitative Fair Value Estimate represents Morningstar’s estimate of the per share dollar amount that a company’s equity is worth today. The Quantitative Fair Value Estimate is based on a statistical model derived from the Fair Value Estimate Morningstar’s equity analysts assign to companies which includes a financial forecast of the company. The Quantitative Fair Value Estimate is calculated daily. It is a projection/opinion and not a statement of fact. Investments in securities are subject to market and other risks. Past performance of a security may or may not be sustained in future and is no indication of future performance. For detail information about the Quantiative Fair Value Estimate, please visit here
rediff.com Rediff Business News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Business » Microsoft, Oracle, Google step up hiring in India Microsoft, Oracle, Google step up hiring in India June 13, 2017 16:43 IST US firms are seeking Indian engineers to work on technologies similar to their global counterparts Microsoft, LinkedIn, Oracle, Facebook and Google are increasing their staff in India triggering a talent war with Indian information technology (IT) services providers. These US-based firms are seeking Indian engineers to work on technologies similar to their global counterparts even as they face rising protectionism in their home market. “Facebook, LinkedIN and other companies are increasing headcount in India. Some of them doubled the number in the last four months,” a source said. Facebook, Google, LinkedIn, Microsoft, Oracle and Apple did not comment for this article. Sources said Indian delivery centres of these companies were on a par with global resources and they were trying to create competence instead of acting as backend offices. Other US-based companies like Target and Lowe’s are hiring engineers in India in areas like machine learning, big data analytics and networking. “India is a hotbed for experimentation in digital technologies,” said Anand Subramaniam, engagement manager, Zinnov, a management consultancy and research firm. Target India, which has 2,500 employees in India, will hire professionals in technology and areas such as marketing, supply chain and animation. “We will hire talent with Java and Open Source capabilities and  for niche areas with expertise in machine learning and neuro-linguistic programming. In addition to technology, India has a talent pool in computer-generated imagery and animation. Our marketing team is looking to expand our CGI capabilities and tap this pool,” said Shalini Natraj, head of HR at Target India. A Bain & Company report published last month said global in-house centres (GICs) in India would play a bigger role for enterprises. “Indian GICs will play a more active role in driving top-of-mind investment priorities of global C-level executives at Fortune 1,000 companies in the next three to five years. In addition, more senior leaders of the enterprise, particularly those two levels below CEOs, will operate out of Indian GICs over this period,” the report added. Lowe’s, a $65 billion home improvement company that has 1,000 employees in India, said its IT and analytics capabilities in the country would amplify its growth strategy. “We are hiring people in e-commerce and digital technologies, retail and supply chain technologies, core engineering and infrastructure such as networking, virtual infrastructure and containerisation, analytics and big data, and project management,” said James Brandt, managing director, Lowe’s India. Subramaniam said the India centres of global companies would want to create new capabilities for the parent organisation and build competence in niche technology areas. Photograph: Jason Reed/Reuters Ayan Pramanik Source: Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT     Amazon's $500m retail food project to be cleared soon GST: Promise and pitfalls TCS, Intel join hands to tap businesses The steam has run out Oh, to be in Mallya's shoes! Bankers brace for delays, legal battles Lessons from Bollywood: How to deal with daddy issues Pant, Kuldeep in Indian team for West Indies tour PHOTOS: Champions Trophy, 2nd semi-final, India vs Bangladesh VIDEOS: Being Salman is such fun! Moneywiz Live! Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use ▲
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Not just you: Google Play Music isn't behaving in Android Auto for some Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/06/12 12:48pm PDTJun 12, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 15 Share on Facebook 37 Share on Twitter Total Shares66 Android Auto Bug Watch Google News A decent number of folk are flocking to Google's Product Forums after experiencing problems with Google Play Music on Android Auto. The issue doesn't seem to be confined to any one car, manufacturer, or phone, and it manifests itself via an error message when attempting to play music from Google's service. Restarting the phone fixes the problem temporarily, but users report they have to do this every time they want to use Android Auto for Play Music to work correctly. If you think you may be affected, you should see an error message which appears when trying to play media from Google Play Music, "Google Play doesn't seem to be working right now." There are contradictory reports about other music services also failing, and some have said that instead of receiving an error message music only pauses immediately after playing. Some have claimed that they experienced the issue only after a recent Google Play Music update. Employees on Google's product forum have been taking information and bug reports from those with the problem. The data being requested, as provided by a statement from a Google employee on the forum, is below. Hi all, We are investigating this issue. @Anyone who wants to newly report similar symptom on this thread, please share the information below. @Everyone on this thread, it'd be helpful if you can also fill in template to add on more information. Car / head unit make & model: Phone make & model: Android OS version (Settings > About phone): Android Auto app version (Settings > Apps > Android Auto): Google Play Music app version (Settings > Apps > Android Auto): Google Play services version (Settings > Apps > Google Play services): Thanks! Reports vary, and not all are experiencing these problems. Using the Android Auto app directly from a phone also manifests the same issues for some, but most reports are for hardware implementations of the system. If you happen to see it, consider adding your voice over at Google's Product Forums, and perhaps with more reports, they'll be able to find a solution. Source: Google (1), (2), (3) Thanks: Paul Tags android auto bug error message google play music issue problem subscribe ... Previous Story 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Woot has the 8- and 16-zone Rachio 2nd gen smart sprinkler controllers for ... Trending 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Sombrero Boy Yeah, like it behaves in phones... Suicide_Note Works perfectly fine on my Pixel. grizzlyjon83 I've been having this issue with Spotify as well, at least half the time. JayWill386 I KNEW I WASN'T CRAZY!!!! Car / head unit make & model: 2017 Maserati Ghibli S Phone make & model: Galaxy S8 + (Verizon Wireless SM-G955U) Android OS version: 7.0 Android Auto app version: 2.3.716604-release Google Play Music app version: 7.8.4818-1.R.4063206 Google Play services version: 11.0.56 (448-156935310) Chris Sanner yeah, you should be putting this on the product support forums, not here. JayWill386 It's posted in both places. Here and there. Jpx Maserati hey... big spender alert JayWill386 HA! After I hit post I thought about it and figured someone would hit me about the car!!! BAM1789 I'm pretty sure Maserati is just giving Ghibli's away by now. No offense to the OP, but anyone that buys one just wanted an Italian brand name and did ZERO research. Ghibli's are just an FCA parts bin car with a $50k markup. JayWill386 I lease them, would never finance. They just don't hold their value. Ferrari owns Maserati and Alfa Romeo under the FCA umbrella, which isn't really saying much. garpunkal I'm having this issue too. It's bloody annoying. Power cycle of Bluetooth works. Jpx I love Android Auto. I love Google Play Music. But together they are a mess. In fact, I have a feeling that this is more on the GPM side. I used to have this issue where my phone connected to my car and launched Android Auto, but the music wouldn't play. So I tried to play the music, none of the controls in Android Auto would work for GPM. Any other program worked wonderfully, Pocket Cast, Spotify, Pandora. I would have to go to the GPM app and play the song. The music would then work, but if I went back into Android Auto the controls still wouldn't work. Finally I noticed a trend that if I were to cast my music to my Google cast & home, stop the cast, then go to my car and attempt to listen to music it would cause this error. It really does suck to have issues with Android Auto, that is the one app you always want to be working properly. Tim I've noticed a trend in The app not working in Android Auto after casting to another device at home, or maybe even bring in the same wifi as about device that is casting. If been force closing the music app to fix it but I'll try the Bluetooth trick. rottingroom I can report that I am having this issue and I don't have a head unit. I just use the app from my phone. Ryne Hager Very strange, I'll add that in. Aiman Farooq Having the same issues just using Android Auto on my phone. : Ryne Hager I'll add that in, so far the reports on the product forum are just for hardware, you should consider dropping a report in the relevant thread here: https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/android-auto/5ETR94i0y60;context-place=forum/android-auto Deeco Just imagine Android powered Car... Google forever Beta. Max As if the current head units software is good. By the way some manufacturers (like Hyundai) already started using Android in their cars systems, just not the same implementation that Google is working on. Rob Paek I just wanna know why my S8+ doesn't stream music correctly. I have an older Alpine head unit but my 6P, Nexus 6, and G2 never had this problem. I used to have the meta data show up, not anymore. Sometimes I have to disconnect and reconnect bluetooth for it to even work. blindexecutioner This is why I am not sure I'd even want Android Auto. Google's software is always in beta status and I don't want to deal with that crap when I am driving. sproc Spoiler alert: Non beta stuff also has problems - see every apple product for confirmation on that. xyz Apple has better support. JruASAP I have android auto in my '17 Ford Fusion and it has some minor issues that can be aggravating, but it is better than anything that Auto Manufacturers put out. Mike in KC I wish I could hack/upgrade the MyLink on my 15' Equinox to run Android Auto. Kevin Chaos I've been experiencing this for the past 2 weeks. I have posted in that Android Auto support thread and been following the updates. The easiest workaround until Google fixes it is to just toggle Bluetooth on and off. When it first started, I would restart my S8 each time. Then learned you could force close Play Music instead so I started doing that. Now we've figured out you can just toggle Bluetooth. dblock Thanks for the tip, will try this and see how effective it is. Edit: Confirmed that a simple Bluetooth toggle does fix this. Way better than rebooting my phone. Even though the S8+ reboots fast as hell, it is still frustrating to deal with. Zsolt V Is it? I received mine 1 month ago and haven't rebooted it once. Emmortal I posted a work-around in the thread on the Google product forums (#1 in the source links) using the Automate app (similar to Tasker) to restart BT when connecting to USB power. So far it's working as intended. Zac Shannon Another fix is to manually update to the GPM build on APKMirror that was ripped from the Android O beta. Ever since doing that I haven't gotten the "...doesn't seem to be working right now." message. Obviously you shouldn't stay on this build forever. Just until Google gets it together on mainline. Max No issue here on a Ford Escape (Sync 3). The only issue I had was with Android O Beta so I downgraded and it's working fine again. Jeffrey Spiers Brand New 2017 Honda CR-V and I'm having this issue on my Galaxy S7 Edge. Uninstalling the updates to Google Play Music then redownloading them fixes it for a while. My wife's S6 has not experienced this yet. Quinton For the record, this is definitely happening (constantly) for me on the Android Auto app on my phone. So it isn't limited to just head units. F4LL0U7 Gotta love Google's model of having end users be beta testers. Sometimes it's fun, most of the time it's incredibly frustrating. And Google Support is pretty useless if you have an issue that could be with any number of their products -- they bounce you between so many different departments. I'm having an issue where reminders and time-to-leave cards from the Google App are automatically (and prematurely) dismissed. I realized it started happening when I got Android Wear 2.0. Turning the watch off fixes the problem. Gotta be something wrong with AW2, right? Support is STILL bouncing me around. Good luck to those with the Music / Auto issue, I hope I don't get that one too... Patriciaahenry Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dg156c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dg156c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs446DigitalGroupsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dg156c:....,..... lzdking Receiving the same error for all music apps I try to use, although the message always says there is something wrong with Google Play Music. I'm using Bluetooth to a pioneer unit. I haven't been able to use Android Auto because of this for about 2 weeks. dblock Been having this issue in the standalone app on my phone for about 2 weeks now I would say. It is very annoying. No amount of uninstalling either app (AA or GPM) solves the issue for any large amount of time. It's been quite frustrating. Taco Monster This app is consistently the worst performing Google app that I use regularly. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjzzLelV0Y0 Bruce Wayne Another day, another Google product failing. Rubbish. Eduardo A Uninstalled all GPM updates (back to ROM version) and this bug vanished. Galaxy S7 nougat + AA Chevy Cruze 17 fosser2 Huh what do you know. I thought this was just some sort of aftermarket Pioneer bug. Guess it's Google... I'll just wait for a fix! Defenestratus There's that vaunted Google QA again. (I'm having this issue as well) JustaGuyFromCincy I posted and the forum and had to unsubscribe from the constant barrage of other people posting their problems to it. Did a factory reset on my Galaxy s8 and it didn't work. Only things that work are the reboot of the phone, or the much easier bluetooth toggle off/on. As a monthly paying customer for the GPM family plan, this is p***ing me off to the point that I am considering switching to spotify. The lack of comments from Google staff is also highly aggravating. At least admit it is busted and you are working on fixing it. wafflenator A little easier workaround is to have play music running before you plug in, it'll pause when you connect but you can start it again from the notification shade. Control doesn't work on the head unit for anything but volume, but it's quicker than restarting if you aren't going to change albums/music. I can still skip tracks with the lockscreen widget on my s8 too Matt Very relieved to see this article :) I hadn't gotten round to looking the issue up yet (been happening since got new car 3 weeks ago). Will try the bluetooth off-and-on again trick to see if that does it while they fix it. Kevna I don't use play music but I've gotten the same error message with spotify on Android Auto. You don't have to restart your phone though, if I force stop spotify and then re launch android auto it works everytime. Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 173 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 34 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 395 1 Year Ago Today Editorial: iOS 10 is Apple’s not-so-secret love letter to Android 2016/06/15 4:50pm PDTJun 15, 2016 52 2 Years Ago Today Google Maps Now Warns You If You Are Navigating To A Place That Will Be Closed When You Arrive 2015/06/15 2:52pm PDTJun 15, 2015 43 3 Years Ago Today PSA: No, The OnePlus One Is Not Waterproof, So Don't Try This At Home 2014/06/15 11:20am PDTJun 15, 2014 2 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Emancy: Borderline War, Shelter, And Beejumbled 2013/06/15 5:49pm PDTJun 15, 2013 21 5 Years Ago Today Zombies, Run! Spices Up Your Running Routine With A Little Undead Uprising 2012/06/15 10:20pm PDTJun 15, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today [Updated] EVO Shift 4G Gingerbread OTA Update Dropping June 17th 2011/06/15 3:41pm PDTJun 15, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today HTC Aria Coming June 20th To AT&T, Initial Hands-On Impressions Surface 2010/06/15 5:50pm PDTJun 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 30 Google adds Play Store support to more Chromebooks from Acer, Dell, ASUS, HP, Lenovo, and Samsung 2017/06/15 11:01am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 176 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 30 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 111 queries | 0.793s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Phone v10 enables post-call messages for failed calls, prepares for enhanced incoming calls on RCS and voicemail backup [APK Teardown + Download] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/05/23 1:19pm PDTMay 23, 2017 60 Plus 1 on G+ 111 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Article Contents 1 What's New 1.1 Post-call messages 2 Teardown 2.1 RCS Calling 2.2 Voicemail Backup 3 Download With the dust settling after the deluge caused by I/O 2017, it's time to take a closer look at some of the many other things that came with out last week. Some interesting changes came with a brand new version of the Google Phone app included with Android O Developer Preview 2. There's a new prompt suggesting users send a message after a call fails to connect. A deep dive into the apk also turned up signs that Google is working on new RCS calling features and preparing some kind of backup option for voicemail. What's New Unofficial Changelog: (the stuff we found) Post-call messaging Post-call messages Earlier this month, a teardown of of v9 provided a good hint that the Phone app would begin showing suggestions for messages to send after completing a call. With v10, that feature is now live, but not quite as functional as previously expected. Left: snackbar prompt. Right: new message screen. The post-call messaging feature appears as a snackbar prompt asking why you called, to which you can send a message. The prompt only appears after attempting a call that fails without making a connection. To be specific, the prompt won't show up if you hang up, a voicemail service answers, or anything else occurs that would be considered a connection. Basically, if you hear a sound indicating the other end is ringing, any outcome from that point on is probably not going to trigger the prompt. You're most likely to see this prompt in an area where cellular reception isn't good enough to establish a voice call, but you can also force it to show up by trying to make a call while airplane mode is active. Otherwise, it's probably not going to turn up anywhere else. If you opt to send a message, you'll be taken to a screen with a message box and three pre-written messages with different levels of urgency. Tapping a message will put it into the textbox below, but you can continue to make edits before sending. The exact text of the prompt seems to be a mismatch for the current functionality, which left us wondering if this feature is also intended to work in other scenarios like when the call is redirected to voicemail or disconnects within a second of being picked up. Perhaps this is just the first step and other use cases will be handled in the future. In the meantime, this actually might be handy if you're in the middle of nowhere and staring at a single signal bar with no hope of making a call. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. RCS Calling It's no secret that Google is working to add fairly extensive RCS support to both its Phone app and Android Messages. Now it's just a matter of which features are going to be added and when we'll get to use some of them. This update to the Phone app gives us a bit more insight into some new rich calling features that we'll soon have at our disposal. A stack of new notification strings reveal that Google's developers are currently working on supporting incoming calls with additional data. At this time, it's clear calls can include a location, photo, message, or any combination of those. One line also mentions "attachments," which may suggest other types of data are supported, but not necessarily known in advance. This would make sense for things like URLs or specially crafted data packets can be handed off between other apps. It's also worth noting that these strings are split up for regular and "important" calls, which lines up with the commonly known feature allowing callers to indicate a degree of urgency. code <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_attachments">Important incoming call with attachments</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_location">Important incoming call with location</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_message">Important incoming call with message</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_message_location">Important incoming call with message and location</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo">Important incoming call with photo</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo_location">Important incoming call with photo and location</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message">Important incoming call with photo and message</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message_location">Important incoming call with photo, message and location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_attachments">Incoming call with attachments</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_location">Incoming call with location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_message">Incoming call with message</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_message_location">Incoming call with message and location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo">Incoming call with photo</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo_location">Incoming call with photo and location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message">Incoming call with photo and message</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message_location">Incoming call with photo, message and location</string> It's not yet clear if attachments will be shown on the screen with incoming calls, but I think it's a pretty safe bet that they will be. After all, knowing there's a photo with the call isn't nearly as compelling as actually seeing it. This was part of the pitch for the Knock Knock feature when Google introduced the Duo app at last year's I/O keynote. The same certainly can be said about locations and messages, as well. So far, there doesn't appear to be an interface for callers to actually attach this type of data, so it's safe to say development is still ongoing. Seeing as most carriers are still stuck on very rudimentary implementations of RCS and intra-network compatibility is moving at a sloth-like pace, I'm sure Google will have this done long before any of us would get to use it. Voicemail Backup Are you the type of person that never deletes voicemails? This one might be for you. It seems that Google will begin asking users if they want to turn on "extra storage" when their voicemail inbox fills its capacity. This allows Google to "manage and backup your voicemail messages" to free up some space. code <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_almost_full_turn_archive_on_title">Turn on extra storage and backup</string> <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_almost_full_turn_archive_on_message">Your mailbox is almost full. To free up space, turn on extra storage so Google can manage and backup your voicemail messages.</string> <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_full_turn_archive_on_title">Turn on extra storage and backup</string> <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_full_turn_archive_on_message">Your mailbox is full. To free up space, turn on extra storage so Google can manage and backup your voicemail messages.</string> <string name="voicemail_action_turn_archive_on">Turn on</string> <string name="voicemail_action_dimiss">No Thanks</string> At this point, I should say that there are a few different things this could be, and I'm at a loss for which one it is. For starters, this could be a new aspect for Project Fi subscribers and the included voicemail service. If so, it might mean Google intends to prompt people with a lot of saved voicemails to push the older ones into their Drive storage. It's a simple explanation, and might be an attempt to squeeze a few bucks out of people that never delete anything, but hardly seems necessary. Another possibility is that this only relates to the voicemails downloaded and stored on your phone, which means it's just a basic housekeeping feature to keep unnecessary audio files out of your local storage or expand the quota to allow for more. I tend to doubt this is the explanation because the text doesn't really line up with that purpose and it seems like the type of thing that should happen automatically, users shouldn't even need to be prompted. Finally, I'm going to take the opportunity to speculate about something a little crazy. Perhaps this is intended for the voicemail service provided by other carriers. If this is the case, I imagine the phone app might detect your voicemail is nearing capacity and offer to manage backups of it. If the user agrees, Google will connect to that provider's voicemail and proceed to back up all of the messages to Drive for the user, then delete them to free up space. Again, this is massively speculative and feels like a long shot... But it's also the type of weirdly cool feature Google occasionally comes up with. There's not much else to go on with this, but it's entirely possible this feature / warning / error message is already live. It may only show up for users connecting to a specific carrier or with special circumstances that aren't very predictable. I'm not really the right person to test it since I only have three voicemails saved, but perhaps readers with a larger backlog will have something to add to this. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 10.0.153781772 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Phone Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app download downloads google phone google phone app messages phone rcs rcs calling teardown voicemail subscribe ... Previous Story The latest SwiftKey beta adds support for Cantonese and other new typing languages, plus more ... ... Next Story Pinterest adds new features for recipe discovery, filters, and recommendations Trending 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Pedram Haghzaban I posted this here couple days ago, but somebody said this feature has been in the google phone for a while. Carson Saldanha They were mistaken. Artem Russakovskii Which feature specifically? Pedram Haghzaban This post-call messages for failed calls Duder12 Voicemail features will never matter since carriers don't allow them in the US. Prop Dad I use this app for VM. What features don't matter? Richard Riker strange. minsdk is 23, target is 25. Won't install on N (app is not compatible) even when i'm running v9 already. Any dependancy update needed? because no problem with clock from the preview Carson Saldanha Just to confirm, you're trying to sideload it on a Nexus/Pixel device, right? Artem Russakovskii Are you on arm64? Richard Riker uh...totally overseen that. Corey Kinard Is there any way auto post-call spam messages, sent from (detected) spam callers, could be auto blocked and deleted the same way they plan on doing with the verification codes? Rudresh Is this ever coming to non-Nexel devices? Anand Use the patched version from XDA, will work on all droids. https://forum.xda-developers.com/android/apps-games/app-google-dialer-t3557412 Gailjrobinson Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sv134c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sv134c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs424MarketFishGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sv134c:....,........ John Unfortunately, many features don't work on the patched version. There are older official versions available for non-Nexus devices at apkmirror. Version 9.something is the latest. We will likely never see an official version. Previous official versions that work on non-Nexus phones were mistakes that were pulled. Samsung and others modify their dialers so that Google Phone doesn't work well unless the stock apps are disabled which may require root. Carlos Rodríguez Midly related, but SMS backups are coming to Nexus devices on O. If you toggle the switch of and on in Settings > System > Backup, a new option for SMS backup appears, just like on the Pixel. Cheers! Lynxy Dear lord, you're right! I'll try to test that the next time I reset the phone while on O. Alex I don't see that option. Nexus 6P in the UK. Latest O version. Carlos Rodríguez In phone settings > system > backup, turn off the switch for backup in Google Drive, then turn it back on. You'll see the SMS backup like on the Pixel. Alex Hmm, that requires deleting what's already backed up. I think I'll skip this until it is rolled out properly. Thanks for the help though. Carlos Rodríguez Yes, deletes the backup, but makes a new one as soon you turn it on. No loss of data actually. Fayas Android O on Nexus 5X. can't see that option to backup SMS. Carlos Rodríguez It only appeared for me when I turned backup off and on. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6e53aa283e8271597b15df245154ecc06126d368853b89fa516c6076dbf49ac2.jpg Fayas Thanks, I got it after turning off and on back. But it shows me as waiting to back up for SMS and Call Log. Don't know why. Carlos Rodríguez It will eventually back up the SMS. The call log is stil waiting. James Well according to Google's implementation of the omtp visual voicemail standard (https://source.android.com/devices/tech/config/voicemail) it's vvm client "Fetches details of voicemail quota (total mailbox size and occupied size)" from the carrier so it's probably for carriers that have implemented the stock omtp vvm standard like t-mobile. James Briano Tangentially related: Anyone else getting errors with the phone app on Dev Preview 2? App keeps crashing when I have an incoming call. Nexus 6P. Cody Toombs I haven't put the SIM card into my 6P for more than a couple of minutes since the developer previews started going on there, so I can't comment to that exact scenario, but it has been working perfectly on my Pixel running 7.1.2. I've had pretty regular issues with Google apps crashing on DP1 and DP2. It may be a coincidence, but it seems especially bad for any app that uses hardware components like GPS and cellular radio. I'm not complaining since we all should know the deal with bleeding edge releases, but I think the O developer previews have been the buggiest I've used since Google started with KitKat. Andy J "It's not yet clear if attachments will be shown on the screen with incoming calls, but I think it's a pretty safe bet that they will be." Yes - yes it is. All the stuff people are left wondering about is covered in a LOT of depth in the Universal Profile spec - in this particular case, selecting a photo to be shown on the receivers screen when the phone call comes in - is specifically detailed in the spec. It's worth also being aware that as it's also specifically in the spec that the phone book must expose which contacts support Universal Profile - that I'd expect both the contacts app and the dialer app to be opened up to all devices on the Play Store before too much longer - otherwise only Messages supports RCS and people will have phones where they can't actually tell if they can make a video call or send someone a file (or their location) - all they can do is send them a message. Santos Chavez Perhaps the next step is including Google Phone, Android Messages and Google Contacts preloaded on most phones-- some manufacturers have already pledged to include Android Messages as the sole default app so they may expand it to those apps, too, who knows. In the meantime current devices will be able to download the Google dialer and contact apps from the playstore for full RCS capabilities. Like some already have to do for Android Messages currently. mike shwilly Can i just have Swipe to Delete sms feature? Android Developer Request it here: https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/new Manikandan Guru Working fine on my OP3T. aRvInD Instead of this pretty useless idea, I wish Google places Redial button in same place. Which more people will find relevant and useful... hp-fourtwenty double tap the dial button to redial. tap it once to see the last number dialed. aRvInD No you misunderstood context. I wrote about redial only with call doesn't connect or failed without connecting.. After call disconnects then open dialer - double tap dialer, Simple button there to redial wouldve been great.. F4LL0U7 It's really frustrating that with all of these enhancements, there STILL isn't a way to use your Google Voice number by default instead of your carrier number. You can set the option to place all calls through GV, but if I try to send an SMS follow-up to a rejected call, or send an SMS through Assistant, it still uses the carrier number. Santos Chavez Yeah, I'm hoping for better Voice integration now that Google's revived it. Especially on the sending SMS part; why not have an option of at least routing all SMS through the Google Voice app (which can be done by setting it as the default SMS app, an option that doesn't exist currently). When that is enabled, any background SMS are also sent via that app, for instance when using Assistant. You'd think a Google service would be tightly integrated at the OS level with the whole OS, especially on phones in which Google has full software and hardware control. no? :P I mean, Project Fi is somewhat integrated into the OS, and it uses the same backend as Google Voice... and even then it's not perfect integration either. James Donut In my country, I'm still waiting for the telecommunications companies to implement RCS Sathiya Moorthy Karan Great Regards, Sathiya Moorthy K developeit.net Android Developer I just wish they would have added call recording built in and a decent size for the photo of the contact I'm talking with, during calls. It seems to me the size of the photo got way smaller than ever before. Follow Android Police 1.49M 475k 147k 121k Latest Deals 4 [Deal Alert] Huge sale for Samsung SmartThings and ZigBee Home Automation gear at MyDigitalDiscount 2017/06/15 7:06pm PDTJun 15, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] 6-pack Choetech assorted length USB-C to USB-C cables for $11.99 on Amazon w/ coupon ($8 off) 2017/06/15 4:15pm PDTJun 15, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Amazon Goldbox Deal of the Day offers savings on Anker Quick Charge 3.0 chargers and more 2017/06/15 10:36am PDTJun 15, 2017 7 [Deal Alert] Rent a movie from Google Play for $0.99 if you have purchased and activated a Chromecast/Ultra (U.S. only) 2017/06/15 10:00am PDTJun 15, 2017 26 [Update: Knocked down to $378] Deal Alert: Grab the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon for $395 ($55 off) 2017/06/15 9:45am PDTJun 15, 2017 Latest Poll Does your phone have a USB-C port, or microUSB? USB-C microUSB Other (I'm not lying, really) View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 149 HTC U11 review: A pretty good phone, if anyone's still listening 2017/06/14 1:29pm PDTJun 14, 2017 79 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review: For those who dream of owning an iPad mini that runs Android 2017/06/12 12:00pm PDTJun 12, 2017 71 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 117 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 5 12 new and notable Android games from the last week (6/7/17 - 6/13/17) 2017/06/13 1:13pm PDTJun 13, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (6/6/17 - 6/12/17) 2017/06/12 12:16pm PDTJun 12, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 13 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 16 Switftkey Beta updated with GIF input, hashtag prediction, and new languages for transliteration 2017/06/15 3:08pm PDTJun 15, 2017 0 Android Things Developer Preview 4.1 is out, with improvements to Play Services and more 2017/06/15 12:05pm PDTJun 15, 2017 172 Most Starbucks locations accept Android Pay, and I did not know this 2017/06/15 10:06am PDTJun 15, 2017 34 Twitter 7.0 is official with a new rounded UI, live reply/retweet/reply counters, and more 2017/06/15 8:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Blast from the Past 395 1 Year Ago Today Editorial: iOS 10 is Apple’s not-so-secret love letter to Android 2016/06/15 4:50pm PDTJun 15, 2016 52 2 Years Ago Today Google Maps Now Warns You If You Are Navigating To A Place That Will Be Closed When You Arrive 2015/06/15 2:52pm PDTJun 15, 2015 43 3 Years Ago Today PSA: No, The OnePlus One Is Not Waterproof, So Don't Try This At Home 2014/06/15 11:20am PDTJun 15, 2014 2 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] Emancy: Borderline War, Shelter, And Beejumbled 2013/06/15 5:49pm PDTJun 15, 2013 21 5 Years Ago Today Zombies, Run! Spices Up Your Running Routine With A Little Undead Uprising 2012/06/15 10:20pm PDTJun 15, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today [Updated] EVO Shift 4G Gingerbread OTA Update Dropping June 17th 2011/06/15 3:41pm PDTJun 15, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today HTC Aria Coming June 20th To AT&T, Initial Hands-On Impressions Surface 2010/06/15 5:50pm PDTJun 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 25 ZTE Quartz review: Missing a few features, but an impressive value 2017/06/15 12:47pm PDTJun 15, 2017 51 [Facepalm] Samsung forgets to renew domain, potentially putting millions of customers at risk of being hacked 2017/06/15 6:56am PDTJun 15, 2017 37 Google Maps v9.55 adds notification channels for Android O and might add offline maps for whole countries [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/15 4:29pm PDTJun 15, 2017 30 Google adds Play Store support to more Chromebooks from Acer, Dell, ASUS, HP, Lenovo, and Samsung 2017/06/15 11:01am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 7 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 176 Modified Pixel Launcher APK enables the Google Now pane and other Pixel-exclusive features to work on any device, no root or mods required 2017/06/13 7:28pm PDTJun 13, 2017 19 Google Calculator v7.3 enables text editing and memory actions in the expression field, tweaks the launcher icon, and more [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/06/13 1:35pm PDTJun 13, 2017 99 Android O feature spotlight: The Google Clock app gets a makeover in v5.1 2017/06/10 6:38pm PDTJun 10, 2017 40 T-Mobile plans to start 600MHz rollout this summer 2017/06/15 10:42am PDTJun 15, 2017 Last 30 Days 252 Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download] 2017/06/14 9:16am PDTJun 14, 2017 468 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 128 queries | 0.378s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish LG Will Reportedly Be Manufacturing The Google Pixel XL 2 By Tyler Lee on 06/13/2017 04:45 PDT It is safe to assume that this year Google will be launching two new Pixel handsets in the form of the Pixel 2 and the Pixel XL 2. As to who will be making these phones remains to be seen, but it has been largely assumed that HTC will be picking up where they left off with the Google Pixels, or will they? According to a recently spotted bug entry, it seems that there is some evidence to suggest that LG could be the one manufacturing the Google Pixel XL 2, which was referenced in the bug entry as “Taimen” which is in line with what we’ve heard. You might have heard that Google apparently had three devices in the works, but one was reportedly cancelled. LG has had some experience manufacturing handsets for Google before which resulted in the Nexus 4, the Nexus 5, and the Nexus 5X. It also wouldn’t be the first time that Google uses different companies for different handsets, like they did with the Nexus 5X and the Nexus 6P, the latter of which was made by Huawei. In any case it’s just a rumor for now so take it with a grain of salt, but assuming Google doesn’t deviate from their plans, we should expect to hear more about the new Pixel handsets in the coming months. Filed in Cellphones >Rumors. Read more about Google, LG. Related Articles 2017-06-15 Marissa Mayer Looks Forward To Using Gmail Again 2017-06-14 Google Drive Will Soon Backup Your Entire Computer 2017-06-14 Backup And Sync By Google Makes Drive For PC/Mac Much Better 2017-06-13 Apple’s Chipset Architect Is Now Leading Google’s SoC Efforts 2017-06-13 Google Might Have Sold Over 1 Million Pixel Handsets 2017-05-18 LG And GE To Add Support For Google Assistant In Their Appliances 2017-05-11 LG Pixel 3 Rumors Rubbished 2017-04-14 For $60, This Guy Upgraded His Nexus 5X’s RAM To 4GB 2017-04-10 Google Reportedly Offers To Invest $880M In LG Display For OLEDs Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
