Go Thursday 19 January 2017 News Nigeria Africa World Metro End ban on women driving, UN expert tells Saudi 59 mins ago  World Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Obama, after office: writing, minorities and Democrats 4 hours ago 1   Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Dollar pushes higher after Yellen, Asia traders wary 7 hours ago  Business News Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Virtual reality’s boy wonder draws fire at Facebook trial 11 hours ago  Social Media Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Man City complete Jesus transfer 2 hours ago  Football Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Nigerian electro-funk pioneer William Onyeabor dies 12 hours ago 1  Music Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Society begins fresh registration procedure for pharmacists 11 hours ago  Science More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Technology  |  Technology   Andy Rubin nears his comeback, complete with an ‘essential’ phone By Bloomberg   |   16 January 2017   |   3:59 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email Andy RubinJust over two years after leaving Google, Andy Rubin is preparing to take on the smartphone industry he helped create. Rubin, creator of the Android operating system, is planning to marry his background in software with artificial intelligence in a risky business: consumer hardware. Armed with about a 40-person team, filled with recruits from Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc.’s Google, Rubin is preparing to announce a new company called Essential and serve as its Chief Executive Officer, according to people familiar with the matter. A platform company designed to tie multiple devices together, Essential is working on a suite of consumer hardware products, including ones for the mobile and smart home markets, one of the people said. The centerpiece of the system is a high-end smartphone with a large edge-to-edge screen that lacks a surrounding bezel. At the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas in early January, Rubin discussed the smartphone with mobile carrier executives, including some from Sprint Corp., people familiar with the talks said. Rubin registered Essential Products Inc. with California regulators in November 2015. In late 2016, the company registered “Essential” with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, listing smartphones, tablets, accessories and “computer operating software for mobile phones” among its goods and services. It’s unclear if the devices will run on software based on Android. While still in the prototyping stage, Rubin’s phone is aimed at the top of the market where Apple Inc.’s iPhone and Alphabet Inc.’s new Pixel reside. It’s expected to include high-end materials and the ability to gain new hardware features over time, the people said. Representatives for Rubin and Sprint declined to comment. Rubin sold Android to Google in 2005. He spent eight years at its helm at Google, turning the operating system from a tiny project into the globe’s most dominant software for running mobile devices. In 2013, he stepped down from Android to form Google’s robotics unit before leaving altogether in 2014. Rubin’s next venture was a startup incubator called Playground Global, which backs artificial intelligence, robotics, and augmented reality projects. Rubin is convinced AI is the next big change to ripple through the technology industry. “New computing platforms happen every 10 to 12 years,” he said at the Bloomberg Technology Conference in June. “What’s the next platform?… It’s about data and people training AI systems to learn.” Playground Global, which occupies a sprawling warehouse in Silicon Valley, has raised at least $300 million from big investors including Hewlett-Packard Co., Google, and Apple supplier Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. The latter, known as Foxconn, is in talks to manufacture Rubin’s new smartphone, according to people familiar with the matter. At least one prototype of Rubin’s phone boasts a screen larger than the iPhone 7 Plus’s (5.5-inches) but has a smaller overall footprint because of the lack of bezels, one of the people said. The startup is experimenting with enabling the phone’s screen to sense different levels of pressure, similar to an iPhone, the person said. Rubin’s team is testing an industrial design with metal edges and a back made of ceramic, which is more difficult to manufacture than typical smartphone materials, two of the people said. Essential’s engineers are developing a proprietary connector that serves double duty for charging the battery and expanding the phone’s functionality over time, one person familiar with the planning said. The magnetic connector would allow Essential or even third parties to create hardware accessories that add features to the smartphone. For instance, Rubin’s engineers are working on a sphere-shaped camera add-on that shoots high-resolution 360 degree photographs, the person said. Rubin is aiming to put the phone on sale around the middle of this year for a price close to that of an iPhone 7 ($649), a person familiar with the matter said, adding that all of the plans are still in flux. Technology news website The Information earlier reported Rubin was working on a phone. Helping run the project are former Google colleagues and Apple managers, including Rebecca Zavin, Joe Tate, Linda Jiang, and Jason Keats. Zavin, a former senior Google software manager, is running software for Rubin. Keats and Tate are helping run hardware engineering, and Jiang is a key designer for Essential, according to a person familiar with the startup. Kelly Liang, a former business executive with the Google X lab, is managing business development and Brian Wallace, a former Samsung and Magic Leap executive, is leading marketing. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: Andy Rubin You may also like New language of technology, focus at 2017 Social Media Week 3 days ago  Technology Microsoft buys into Canada’s AI research with purchase of Maluuba 3 days ago  Technology Facebook announces 'fake news' offensive in Germany 4 days ago  Technology Latest End ban on women driving, UN expert tells Saudi 1 hour ago  World May vows 'open' Britain as banks shift jobs from London 1 hour ago  World Syria's Assad says Astana talks to focus on truce 1 hour ago  World Man City complete Jesus transfer 2 hours ago  Sport Zimbabwe data prices, a frontline in anti-Mugabe protests 2 hours ago  News More   Communication Community hails Airtel ’s support against HIV/AIDS 13 Jan   Ingenico, Interswitch to deliver multichannel payment solutions 13 Jan   SON arrests two over fake phones 13 Jan   NSA intervenes to protect telecom infrastructure 6 Jan   NCS calls for rechristening of ministry of communications 6 Jan   Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Andy Murray Andy Murray beats Illya Marchenko in Australian Open first round – as it happened World No1 takes his time to see off Ukrainian opponent 7-5, 7-6 (7-5), 6-2 Murray wins through after two hours 47 minutes on court in Melbourne Updated Britain’s Andy Murray hits a backhand return to Ukraine’s Illya Marchenko during their first round match at the Australian Open. Photograph: Aaron Favila/AP Adam Collins @collinsadam Monday 16 January 2017 02.18 EST First published on Sunday 15 January 2017 22.54 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 2.14am EST 02:14 ANDY MURRAY DEFEATS ILLYA MARCHENKO 7-5, 7-6, 6-2 1.32am EST 01:32 SECOND SET: MURRAY 7-5, 7-6 MARCHENKO 12.16am EST 00:16 FIRST SET: MURRAY 7 - 5 MARCHENKO 10.59pm EST 22:59 Welcome to Andy Murray's tournament. Live feed Show 2.14am EST 02:14 ANDY MURRAY DEFEATS ILLYA MARCHENKO 7-5, 7-6, 6-2 Adam Collins After two hours and 47 minutes on the court – far longer than he would have wished – Andy Murray is through to the second round. Illya Marchenko was relentless for two sets, making life very difficult for the world No1, breaking his serve three times in eight to begin. But from there, Murray found a way out of the second set, then pressed home the advantage to finish it off in a relative stroll. Far from his most fluent outing, but ultimately doing what he had to do. That, I suspect, is all that matters for those of you waking up in the UK. Your boy is through in straight sets, and has taken the first in a long series of steps required over the next fortnight to win his first Australian Open title. Andy Murray beats Illya Marchenko in Australian Open first round – as it happened Read more And that’s where we’ll leave it from Melbourne Park for now. Thanks for your company, and keep following the Guardian’s comprehensive coverage of 2017’s Australian Open. Australian Open 2017 day one: Nick Kyrgios in action – live! Read more Updated at 2.47am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.06am EST 02:06 Third set: *Murray 7-5, 7-6, 6-2 Marchenko (* denotes server): “It hasn’t been the afternoon we anticipated,” is the view of the TV caller. Not wrong, but to be fair to Murray he did fight back well from the moment he went down a break in the second set. Broader point would be that he shouldn’t be losing the plot quite as easily as he did earlier on. The final service game gets to 30-all, the motions gone through by both, the match closed out when Marchenko pings it long. And that’s it! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.03am EST 02:03 Third set: Murray 7-5, 7-6, 5-2 Marchenko* (*denotes server): A straightforward service game for Marchenko, Murray reluctant to expend any unnecessary energy at this stage. Murray to serve for the match after the change of ends. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.00am EST 02:00 Third set: Murray *7-5, 7-6, 5-1 Marchenko (*denotes server): One more for the Marchenko highlight reel. He doesn’t get a chance to play on this stage very often, and can be proud of that lobbed winner. It brought a smile to his face. But it didn’t do that much damage, Murray given a short ball to put away at 40-30. Sure enough, he obliged. One game away. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.57am EST 01:57 Third set: Murray 7-5, 7-6, 4-1 Marchenko* (*denotes server): Error after error from Marchenko. He looks spent. And he’d be weighed down as well by the opportunities he threw away in the second set. Sure enough, a break point comes and is secured when the Ukrainian whacks the ball out when attempting a tired forehand. Murray in the final stretch here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.54am EST 01:54 Third set: *Murray 7-5, 7-6, 3-1 Marchenko (*denotes server): Easy points for Murray to 40-0, the third of which an ace out wide. Marchenko reviewed - he has to - but the technology confirms that the line was clipped. The Brit does the rest. The support box copping less stick from their boy now. #7TENNIS 🎾 (@7tennis) Relief for 🇬🇧 @andy_murray as he manages to secure the break to lead a tiring 🇺🇦 @imarchello 2-1 in the third #AusOpen #7TENNIS pic.twitter.com/mPvzcpQqyx January 16, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.49am EST 01:49 Third set: Murray 7-5, 7-6, 2-1 Marchenko* (*denotes server): After battling so hard for so long, Marchenko is just about gone here, evidenced by two double faults. Murray didn’t miss the chance to attack, claiming a break from deuce when the Ukrainian pushed a forehand crosscourt a tad too far. The shadows are creeping over Rod Laver Arena, the match having lasted nearly two and a half hours. Surely the world number one will run through this set fairly easily from here and be out of here inside three hours. Updated at 1.50am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.44am EST 01:44 Third set: *Murray 7-5, 7-6, 1-1 Marchenko (*denotes server): 46 per cent for Murray’s first serve so far today, but he’s relatively fluent here compared to the previous set, finishing it off to 15 with a nice little forehand crosscourt. A rare ace in that game as well, which will encourage him as both players will surely start labouring. It isn’t streaming hot out there, but it is warm enough. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.41am EST 01:41 Third set: Murray 7-5, 7-6, 0-1 Marchenko* (*denotes server): After a trip to the gents between sets, Marchenko is focussed on serve, forcing Murray into a couple of errors after landing a forehand winner earlier in the game. Needs to keep making his first serve. #7TENNIS 🎾 (@7tennis) Another tought one, but 🇬🇧 @andy_murray gets there! He wins the tiebreak to take the second set 7-6 over 🇺🇦 @imarchello #AusOpen #7TENNIS pic.twitter.com/tmarVfFIyt January 16, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.32am EST 01:32 SECOND SET: MURRAY 7-5, 7-6 MARCHENKO Let’s hope no one has to ever watch that again. Murray fumed at his support staff periodically while missing far more opportunities than those he took. Marchenko ran to the net repeatedly to put the Scot under pressure, but lacked the necessary polish to finish him off after an early break. A tie-breaker was required, Murray’s big serve and forehand combination coming good at long last. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.30am EST 01:30 Second set tie break: Murray 7-5, 7-6 (7-5) Marchenko: At long last, Murray has won the set! He earned three set points via a huge ace down the middle, then got there with the final of those when back on serve, Marchenko unable to return a huge forehand. Phew. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.26am EST 01:26 Second set tie break: Murray 7-5, 6-6 (4-2) Marchenko: Quick update while they change ends. First three points against serve then Murray up 4-1, but the sixth point ends after a long rally with a Marchenko winner. Murray is angry for not hitting a winner himself when the opportunity came earlier in the slogathon, not hitting it hard enough. Updated at 1.28am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.20am EST 01:20 Second set: Murray 7-5, 6-6 Marchenko* (*denotes server): We are off to a tie break! There is no doubting who the crowd are with based on that game, Marchenko smashing a forehand winner down the line at 30-15 much to their joy. But a forehand slice next up is ill-considered and into the net. But he held his nerve again, landing another forehand winner to win his way into the decider for the set. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.17am EST 01:17 Second set: *Murray 7-5, 6-5 Marchenko (*denotes server): It’s taken nearly two hours, but finally some Murray genius. Looking in the hole, and at deuce a second time, he get out of the service game after executing a picture-perfect forehand lob over Marchenko who came to the net to try and find a way through. The game should have been wrapped up by Murray way back at 40-15, but the Ukrainian landed a crosscourt forehand to keep on track, before getting on a roll. The result: he has to serve to stay in the set again. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.08am EST 01:08 Second set: Murray 7-5, 5-5 Marchenko* (*denotes server): Nerve held by Marchenko, after it looked quite the opposite as he second-guessed himself at 30-15, pulling out of a smash and clobbering long. But Murray went long himself to give him the game point, and he made no mistake putting away a volley after a sound serve. Has to be a tie-breaker here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.03am EST 01:03 Second set: *Murray 7-5, 5-4 Marchenko (*denotes server): Murray holds. He went down 15-30 early, but smashed his way out of trouble, forcing three consecutive Marchenko errors from the back of the court - who will now serve to stay in the set. That happened fast. Vince Rugari (@VinceRugari) Frantelle water tastes very average and I'm glad Sir Andy Murray agrees pic.twitter.com/Yjh3irNA25 January 16, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.00am EST 01:00 Second set: Murray 7-5, 4-4 Marchenko* (*denotes server): There is the break back from Murray! A big deflection off the net ended the final rally after a game of plenty of emotion, both players roaring upon winning a point. Murray was deflated early when missing a forehand at 15-all, but his opponent then did the same, before giving a break point with a poor backhand. Tit for tat with errors but forced and unforced. But we’re back on serve, Murray helped too by it not being a change of ends, able to quickly capitalise on the momentum of the break-back. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.52am EST 00:52 Second set: *Murray 7-5, 3-4 Marchenko (*denotes server): Murray is very fortunate there to hold on, it requiring four deuce attempts after Marchenko landed winners with the backhand down the line then across the court. But the fortune for Murray came at the end. A serve was called long, but the Scot challenged it - on the proviso that if the technology ruled it in that he would win the point, consulting the chair umpire on this point. He did, and it was. There’s a bit of confusion on the TV call as to whether he’s allowed to make that inquiry when deciding if he goes upstairs. Murray, it’s also observed on the TV, is talking to his support staff after every point. They won’t be making a commemorative DVD of this one. So scrappy. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.42am EST 00:42 Second set: Murray 7-5, 2-4 Marchenko* (*denotes server): Big fist pump from Marchenko’s coach when Murray’s backhand goes into the net at 40-30. Three winners on the forehand side belies the pre-game intel that it was his backhand that Murray had to be most aware of. His volleys are especially effective when racing to the net more by the game. Darrian Traynor (@DarrianTraynor) Sir @andy_murray in action at @AustralianOpen today @theage_photo @theagesport pic.twitter.com/HlRVNFsC8v January 16, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.36am EST 00:36 Second set: *Murray 7-5, 2-3 Marchenko (*denotes server): Hard held, Murray wins the game to 30. Not a flattering game, all points were the product of errors. It’s turning into a right scrap here. Murray remains a break down, but Marchenko is still plenty of pressure himself. All told, Murray has been broken in three of his first eight service games. Not for nothing. But the pressure back onto the Ukrainian, needing to keeping winnings gams with his relatively fragile serve. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.32am EST 00:32 Second set: Murray 7-5, 1-3 Marchenko* (*denotes server): “Bizarre behaviour” is the observation on the TV commentary. “It has cost him this game... it is concentration.” Murray is filthy again as Marchenko closes out his service game via winners with his forehand and backhand after Murray twice hit into the net. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.28am EST 00:28 Second set: *Murray 7-5, 1-2 Marchenko (*denotes server): Murray broken! A crosscourt forehand winner from the back of the court gave Marchenko his first point against Murray’s serve this set. He converted this small window into four points on the spin, the last a forehand winner down the line executed perfectly. Can he keep his nerve and consolidate the break? Updated at 12.29am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.22am EST 00:22 Second set: Murray 7-5, 1-1 Marchenko* (*denotes server): Marchenko’s first point of the set comes at 0-15, but he has to work hard for it with a couple of smash attempts, Murray scrambling well. He then comes to the net with rapid pace to nail a little crosscourt backhand volley. That’s real pretty. And he closes out the game with a big serve down the middle that Murray barely gets a racquet on. Gotta admire this guy’s resilience. Updated at 12.29am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.19am EST 00:19 Second set: *Murray 7-5, 1-0 Marchenko (*denotes server): Is it the case that after doing so much to get back into that first set that Marchenko will struggle to stay with Murray now? It’s world number one’s easiest service game yet, his opponent not able to get into any point. A couple of winners, a couple of errors. Updated at 12.29am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.16am EST 00:16 FIRST SET: MURRAY 7 - 5 MARCHENKO The Ukranian is extremely unlucky not to get that set into a tie-break. Murray is rusty. And angry. Marchenko is far less polished, and prone to disappointing errors, but utterly committed to the cause. It isn’t pretty, but it is a good little contest. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.14am EST 00:14 First set: Murray 7-5 Marchenko* (*denotes server): Hard not to feel for the Ukrainian here, who does so much right before routinely making rally errors. Murray is sitting back and waiting, knowing by now that it will surely come. In turn, he earns a set point at 30-40. And it happens again, missing long. He’s won the set. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.11am EST 00:11 First set: *Murray 6-5 Marchenko (*denotes server): To the net again goes Marchenko, profiting from a Murray error early in the game. He nearly does it again from close-range after a lengthy rally at 30-15 but misses. The crowd let out a big sigh when the ball is signalled out. They’re picked their guy, and fair to say it isn’t the Brit. He needs to dig deep with his second serve, and gets a bit of luck after a poor backhand error from his opponent, but Murray is first to six and Marchenko will again be serving to stay in the set. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.03am EST 00:03 First set: Murray 5-5 Marchenko* (*denotes server): Murray was right before the game about his opponent today being a scrapper. He’s excellent here again, chasing down balls all over the court gets the game to 30-all. Vision of Murray from the change of ends comes on the TV of him saying that phrase over and again “shocking movement.” It’s a proper tantrum. Meanwhile, Marchenko gets to 40-30 after putting away a volley, then wins the game with a big wide ace. All of a sudden, we’re level at five games all! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.59pm EST 23:59 First set: *Murray 5-4 Marchenko (*denotes server): That’s the break back! Excellent game from the lesser-fancied man. It began with a long rally and an error from Marchenko. To be fair to Murray, he forced him into the passing shot after attacking the net. Should have done better, but hit it into the net himself. Makes it 15-all. Murray is kept to the back of the court with the Ukrainians hard-hit backhand, eventually making an error himself. He’s serving for the set but a bit of work to do then from 15-30. An easy point brings parity at 30, but deft touch at the net at the end of another rally generates a break point. Murray is good enough to see it off with a big serve, but another break point comes after Marchenko slays a backhand winner down the line, shot of the set so far. A chance to get back on serve... and he takes it! A break back and we are on serve. Another winner down the line, just falling in. Rewarded for gutsy tennis. Andy Murray is fuming at the change of ends according to the commentary. “Shocking movement,” he is reported to have said time and time again. What’s that all about, I wonder? Dylan Leach (@leachitup) This #AusOpen let's all refer to Showcourt 2 as Tina Arena. @collinsadam January 16, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.52pm EST 23:52 First set: Murray 5-3 Marchenko* (*denotes server): Marchenko fights back from 0-15 then 30-all to stay in the set with a successful forehand smash and his first ace of the match. Adam Hirst is into it on the email, observing that it was more Steve Harmison than Andy Murray (poor old Harmy, always getting tagged with that) in the first game. But now? More this, he says. Elegant. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.46pm EST 23:46 First set: *Murray 5-2 Marchenko (*denotes server): Huge Murray serve to begin, an easy point. But Marchenko has every right to fist pump when making a lovely little crosscourt forehand. Murray is back on top soon enough, his serve too powerful. At 40-15 Marchenko sends a decision upstairs in hope as much as anything, but the technology confirms the call. He will now serve to stay in the set. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.43pm EST 23:43 First set: Murray 4-2 Marchenko* (*denotes server): Comfortable start to Marchenko’s game before a familiar theme plays out - the Ukrainian missing long at the end of an attritional rally. 15-all. He makes a smash then lands a powerful first serve, giving the chance to serve it out at 40-15. He needs both attempts, but gets the game when Murray flays a forehand long. Updated at 11.44pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.39pm EST 23:39 First set: *Murray 4-1 Marchenko (*denotes server): After breaking Murray to begin, Marchenko has lost his way since, illustrated at 30-15 when trying to flog a crosscourt forehand but hitting the frame, the ball landing closer to the crowd than the court. Murray wraps up an easy service game. Updated at 11.44pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.36pm EST 23:36 First set: Murray 3-1 Marchenko* (*denotes server): Marchenko won just the seven games against Murray when they met here in the second round of 2011’s Australian Open. It’s a crisp serve/put away to begin this service game after the change of ends. But sure enough, a double fault isn’t far away. Plenty of those so far. Murray comes off best in a long rally as well, Marachenko missing long. Murray afforded two break points, he needs only one when the lower-ranked man tries get the top seed running, but is wide by a foot or more. Updated at 11.44pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.31pm EST 23:31 First set: Murray* 2-1 Marchenko (*denotes server): The most physical rally to date goes to the world number 93, Murray unable to return a backhand when stretched wide. Another rally favours the same man, set up for a couple of forehand smashes by Murray, nailing the second. But from 30-all to 40-30 when Murray nails a 208kph ace down the T. And game when he goes it again. Much better. Got there the hard way, but we’re on serve. Jasveer Jassi on the email reports that he’s just woken up in the middle of the night to watch Murray. “Should be an easy match,” he predicts. Presumably written before it began. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.26pm EST 23:26 First set: Murray 1-1 Marchenko* (*denotes server): Marchenko catches the bug, double faulting himself after missing a backhand. When hitting a forehand volley into the net he’s given Murray the chance to break right back from 0-40. He does exactly that, at the first time of asking, when he whacks a second forehand into the net in succession. Terrible tennis everywhere to begin. Updated at 11.31pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.24pm EST 23:24 First set: Murray* 0-1 Marchenko (*denotes server): Murray broken right away! A shocking start for the world number one, three double faults allowing the game to drift to deuce, before missing long twice. His first serve is all over the place in particular, abusing himself into the effects mics to the amusement of the commentary team. Don’t think anyone expected that. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.18pm EST 23:18 Andy Murray has won the toss. He’s elected to bat. Only kidding. He’ll serve. This will be the first time that Murray has played under “Sir Andy” since getting the new title over New Year. “The Knight of the Realm” he is introduced by the courtside announcer on the way out. In the lead up to the tournament Murray said he would be more than happy to just stay Andy, subtly discouraging too much officialdom at the Open. On the basis of that carry on, it appears they will be ignoring that though. (Cringe). The warm up looks to be done. So we’ll be away in a couple of minutes. Updated at 11.18pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.59pm EST 22:59 Welcome to Andy Murray's tournament. Adam Collins Fair to be so blunt? Probably, for this is the first time that the Scotsman arrives at Melbourne Park as the number one seed. Expectations have never been higher. With that assessment, welcome to our live game-by-game coverage of Andy Murray’s opening round hit-out on this the first afternoon of the 2017 Australian Open. I’m Adam Collins, and I have the great fortune of being here in glorious Melbourne. But to those of you getting up at 4am the UK to follow your guy from the very start of this tournament: respect. Some context on what we have ahead. In 2016 Murray was the first in the same calendar year to win a Grand Slam (his second Wimbledon), the World Tour Final, a Masters 1000 title and Olympic Gold. And yes, he has a Davis Cup in the kit-bag too, a US Open crown, a few Sports Personality of the Year gongs. Oh, and a Knighthood. But he hasn’t won here. Five times the finalist, never the top dog. The most recent four of those were because Novak Djokovic got in the way, including the decider both last year and in 2015. Twelve months ago was one of the rougher nights Murray has experienced on tour, blown away in straight sets then racing to the airport unsure whether he would make the birth of his first child (thankfully, he did). His ascension to top of the pops comes after winning the Paris Masters 1000 event in November, then knocking off his great rival Djokovic in London at the end of year Tour Final to confirm the ranking. The draw here dictates that the earliest they could face off this time time around would be in week-Sunday’s final. We should be so lucky. What about the other guy, you ask? Well, it is Ukranian journeyman Illya Marchenko. The same age as Murray at 29, but a very different lot in his tennis life, the right-hander a staple of the secondary satellite circuit. In saying that, his most recent Grand Slam appearance was his best, reaching the fourth round at Flushing Meadows in 2016, knocking off Nick Kyrgios in the process, before falling to Stan Wawrinka. At Melbourne, Marchenko’s best performance was in 2011 where he reached the second round. Who ended his run then? What do you know: Andy Murray. The victor that day, in straight sets, doesn’t recall much about the contest, but knows that the Ukranian - once ranked 49th in the world - has a decent backhand, and scraps hard from the backcourt. The way these two are viewed by the broader tennis world was no better illustrated than yesterday. Murray was given the chance to warm up on Rod Laver Arena - centre court at Melbourne - while Marchenko was told to find himself a back court. Tweeting his frustration about the inconsistency, he received support from an unlikely ally: Murray’s brother Jamie. Nice touch, I thought. Right. I can report that the weather at Melbourne Park is absolutely perfect for tennis, 29 degrees now and heading to a forecast high of 31 while these two are out there. That’s 88 in the old money if reading from the United States. I look forward to your company throughout the course of the match. We’ll be expecting the players for their hit up in about ten minutes. For now? Let’s chat. Predictions, proclamations, tell me how you’re seeing it. Adam.Collins.Freelance@theguardian.com for considered views, @collinsadam your hotter takes. Updated at 11.05pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.59pm EST 18:59 Adam will be here shortly. In the meantime, here’s Kevin Mitchell on world No1 Andy Murray’s chances at this Australian Open. Andy Murray eager and ready to avenge near-misses at Australian Open Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close Topics Andy Murray Australian Open 2017 Australian Open Tennis Australia sport Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Sports › Andy Murray Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet Developers beat early adopters to new technology 15:54 January 16, 2017PressRelease 0 comments Press Release – Company-X Leading edge know-how was developed in Hamilton ahead of a new programming platforms final release to the world.January 16, 2017 Developers beat early adopters to new technology Leading edge know-how was developed in Hamilton ahead of a new programming platform’s final release to the world. A Waikato software specialist maintained its leading edge when it beat early adopters to new technology nearly six months before the final version was released generally to the world. Analyst developers at software specialist Company-X, based at Wintec House in Hamilton, were working with the Angular 2 web and desktop development platform, originally built by Google, for about half a year before many other developers were using it in major development projects. “At the time we decided to begin using the early, Alpha, version of Angular 2, Google did not even have a release date,” said Company-X analyst developer Justin Taylor. “But we knew it would be fully released to the world in six months or so.” Company-X analyst developers design and build custom software for clients which range from large, multinational, businesses with their head offices overseas, to small, one person, businesses. In the time since the Company-X team began using Angular 2 the software went through many iterations. They became familiar with its alpha release which soon changed to a developer preview of the software. They then used the beta release, release candidate, and are now working with the final version. Any trepidation from the Company-X team around the new Angular 2 technology, a completely reimagined version of the web and desktop development platform that had come before from Google, was quickly dispelled. Justin, and his Company-X colleagues, quickly realised the benefits. Angular 2’s modularity, delivering a lighter and faster core of functionality, makes the platform easier to work on, delivering efficiencies to the client. It’s a far cry from the bad old days, of many years ago, when the norm was what became known as spaghetti code. Spaghetti code is a derogatory term for computer code with complex control structure, conceptually like a twisted and tangled bowl of spaghetti. “We have found that it is more productive because it is less prone to error, and it has got testing and error checking built in,” he said. “It really speeds up development, enabling you to do a lot more in the time and budget allowed.” Desktop development is much easier in Angular 2 when mobile performance issues are handled first. It only works with modern versions of web browsing applications such as Apple Safari, Google Chrome and Internet Explorer, doing away with the need for browser compatibility workarounds. “We are using An