CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection CNET On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Commentary Unlocked Galaxy S8 preorders start May 9. Here's why it's smart to wait Commentary: An unlocked Samsung phone might be the better choice. Phones by Sean Hollister March 29, 2017 10:35 PM PDT @starfire2258 Samsung Galaxy S8's major makeover This year's flagship phone gets a sexy new design and Bixby, a house-made digital assistant. by Jessica Dolcourt 2:14 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF Starting tonight, you can preorder the gorgeous new Samsung Galaxy S8. Or you could wait until May 9, when Best Buy will begin offering unlocked versions of Samsung's new Galaxy phones you can use with any major US carrier. It's funny. My colleague Dan Graziano and I are basically trading phones this year -- he's angrily ditching his Google Nexus 6P for a Samsung Galaxy S8, and I'm angrily tossing away my Galaxy S7 for (probably) a Google Pixel 2. But there's one thing on which the two of us agree: If you're going to buy Samsung's new phone, you should wait a tick. Here's why May is the smart move for savvy phone buyers. Samsung Galaxy S8 launch Samsung Galaxy S8 looks amazing, but we have big questions Samsung Galaxy S8 gives Samsung a second chance Everything announced at Samsung Unpacked 1) Carrier lock-in sucks Say you want to move to another cellular carrier, perhaps because of how fiercely they're competing for your money these days (you must have seen the ads by now). Good luck doing that with your existing phone -- unless it's unlocked and supports the radio technologies for your desired cellular carrier. Yes, technically you can legally unlock any new phone in the US, assuming you've paid it off and owned it for longer than a brief waiting period. But it won't do you much good if your phone mysteriously doesn't support the right LTE bands your carrier needs to deliver high-speed data. 65 Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus and Bixby pix: Come and get 'em For instance, my Samsung Galaxy S6 and S7 wouldn't let me cleanly switch from Verizon to T-Mobile and vice versa due to missing LTE bands -- even though I paid full retail price for the phones. But if I'd waited for the fully unlocked and broadly compatible Galaxy S7 that arrived a few months later, I wouldn't have had the same trouble. (We don't yet know if the new Galaxy S8 will continue the trend of different band support per US carrier, but better safe than sorry?) Plus, if something goes wrong with your device, the manufacturer and carrier can't (as easily) shift blame and leave you in the lurch, which is what happened to Dan when an update broke his Nexus 6P. 2) You can ditch some bloat We've been complaining about it for years, but cellular carriers still install all kinds of unnecessary software on your phone. It's software you typically can't remove, even if you can delete some icons from your home screen or even freeze a few apps to keep it from eating your CPU power. Buy a factory unlocked phone, though, and you'll typically only see software the manufacturer intended. That may still include some programs you'd rather not have, but all in all your phone's likely to have fewer unwanted services and run that much faster. Do note that you might not necessarily get Android software updates as quickly. The unlocked Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are still waiting for their Android 7.0 Nougat update, even though carrier versions have them. Perhaps by May, they will. 3) You're paying roughly the same price either way You'll pay between $720 and 750 for a Samsung Galaxy S8 if you buy it from a carrier. Doesn't matter whether you pay full price or in monthly installments; it adds up to the same thing. The price for an unlocked Galaxy S8, according to Best Buy? $725. (The Galaxy S8 Plus costs between $840 to $850 from carriers, or $825 unlocked from Best Buy.) 9 Samsung's Gear VR gets a controller 4) The freebies might come late I get it: Last year, when I heard the Samsung Galaxy S7 would come with a free $100 Gear VR headset with every preorder, it totally factored into my decision to buy right away. This year, the virtual reality freebie is even harder to pass up, as the new Gear VR comes with a sweet-looking motion controller. The package is valued at $130. But when I ordered my Galaxy S7 last February, I didn't get the Gear VR headset in March when the phone first shipped -- it arrived four months later in July, which meant I got it long after people who just walked into a store. And when I tried reaching out to Samsung's fulfillment line in May to ask when it might show up, they didn't even reply. That's a personal anecdote, your experience may have been different, and it's possible Samsung will do better by everyone this time. (The Gear VR offer expires on April 20, according to Samsung's website, so you can't wait till May to get it -- you'll have to make a decision.) Enlarge Image The LG G6 still has bezels, but they're tiny. Sarah Tew/CNET 5) You'll make a better informed choice The Samsung Galaxy S7 turned out to be a pretty good phone -- except for a few things I personally came to hate. But we don't yet know if the Galaxy S8 will be great. If you buy now, you won't have the opportunity to read our review, to find out if the battery life is as good, if the integrated home button and rear-mounted fingerprint reader work out or if Samsung's new Bixby virtual assistant and smart home software are all they're cracked up to be. You also won't yet know if you prefer a different new phone instead, like the rival LG G6 which arrives on April 7 -- two weeks earlier than the Galaxy. But if you wait until May, you'll be surrounded by trusted opinions and reviews, and have a much better idea whether the Galaxy S8 is the phone for you. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Special Reports: CNET's in-depth features in one place. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Phones Samsung More stories 3 ways the Samsung Galaxy S8 let us down Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus come with $99 earbuds for free Here's how much the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus will cost you Best Phones of 2017 Close   Discuss: Unlocked Galaxy S8 preorders start May 9.... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Samsung Galaxy S8: Everything Samsung just announced CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Android users to spend more money on apps than Apple customers Android users to spend more money on apps than Apple customers Source : Last Updated: Thu, Mar 30, 2017 11:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print New York, March 30 (IANS) Users of Google's Android operating system will spend $41 billion in total on apps and subscriptions in 2017, topping $40 billion for Apple, a new report has found. App Annie, which focuses on data related to the mobile-app ecosystem, projected that Apple would still have the most dominant single app store. Apple's App Store racked up $34 billion in sales in 2016, while Android apps collected $27 billion, a report in MarketWatch website said on Wednesday. Although Google has its own Google Play online destination for apps, there are several third-party offerings for devices that run on the Android operating system. App Annie projects that revenues for Google Play and third-party Android offerings will be roughly similar with $21 billion in Google Play revenues and $20 billion for other offerings, the report added. Another reason for this might be the number of devices used. Android should be expected to outpace Apple because Android devices outnumber iOS devices by about a 5-to-1 ratio worldwide, Danielle Levitas, Senior Vice President of research for App Annie, was quoted as saying. "So there's much room for movement and while this shift might happen in 2017, ultimately, we forecast the App Store remaining the most lucrative store in the next five years," Levitas said. According to market research firm Gartner, Android had more than 80 per cent of the smartphone market share in 2016 while iOS was at 17.7 per cent, yet Apple routinely takes a majority of global profits in selling its devices. --IANS sku/sm SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features BJP shops for Congressmen Attacks on doctors SC pushes for out-of-court settlement of Ayodhya dispute BJP's Yogi Adityanath takes charge of Uttar Pradesh Goa assembly elections 2017: Winners About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 71 Share on Facebook 56 Share on Twitter Total Shares146 Galaxy S8 News Phone Reviews Videos The Galaxy S6 was, by all accounts, a truly transformational moment for Samsung's industrial design. After years of building plastic phones constantly lambasted for their "cheapness," Samsung made radical changes in an attempt to completely redefine its smartphone brand. Those changes were generally well received, but it always felt like they stopped short: the software was still slow, bloated, and the battery life surprisingly poor. With the Note5 and S6 edge+ we saw significant refinement of that reinvention "moment," but not until the S7 and S7 edge did Samsung really build the concept I think they set out to with those first metal and glass sandwiches. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are Samsung's attempt to show us that they can do more than just iterate on that "Eureka" moment they had in 2015, even if those iterations have generally been quite good. And after the Note7 disaster last year, they really need to make good on that promise. After spending some time with the phones last week, I'm still on the fence as to whether Samsung has truly succeeded - but I think the pieces for success are there. Even if I don't think they're all terribly obvious, and even if the phones don't take any real big risks. The hardware Take what you loved about the Galaxy S7 edge and Note7, then just imagine it all being better. More refined, more coherent, more polished. As to that final point: literally. The Galaxy S8 siblings now feature polished aluminum mid-frames, as opposed to the matte anodized finish of years past. In particular - at least in my opinion - this looks good on the Midnight Black version of the phone, which features a shiny black mid-frame to match. The whole phone visually sort of looks like a deep black stone - it's a very interesting and striking effect Samsung has achieved here. As you'd expect of Samsung, the attention to detail is impeccable. The glass meets the aluminum in a very natural, near-seamless way, and the various body colors all have a distinct character. The front of the phones, however, do not: unlike years past, all colors of the Galaxy S8 and S8+ will feature black surrounds on the display side of the phone, to accentuate Samsung's "infinity display" and its minimal bezel. I absolutely agree with this design decision, because it brings the canvas - the screen - out as the sole focal point of the front of the device. You're drawn to the screen, and everything surrounding it just sort of falls away. Samsung has been paying attention to the little stuff, too. Everything from the design of the camera module (it now has more of stylized "lens" effect) to the smooth USB-C cutout seems carefully considered and manufactured with precision. The phones scream quality, and I am continually impressed by Samsung's ability to iterate in this area. Samsung clearly spends a lot of time and energy on its design and manufacturing processes, and it shows. Perhaps most notably, these phones mark the end of one of the last vestigial elements of the Galaxy brand: capacitive navigation keys and the physical home button. It really makes the S8 and S8+ the cleanest-looking handsets Samsung's ever produced. Above the display sit the standard array of sensors, including a new 8MP front-facing camera with software-simulated autofocus (we'll see how that goes) and the iris scanner array. Out back, Samsung says the 12MP rear camera is basically unchanged physically from last year's, with most optimizations happening on the photo processing side. I'm certainly curious to see how photos compare to last year's phones, then. You still get IP68 waterproofing, and 64GB of storage is now standard (with microSD expansion available). Samsung has retained the headphone jack, but made the switch to USB-C it began with the Note7 last year. Wireless charging is intact, too. As to the deceptively giant displays, at 5.8 and 6.2", respectively, the phones are considerably taller this year. But they're also narrowed, meaning they're easier to get a grip on, and they really aren't especially heavy or unwieldy. Ceding so much of what was previously bezel space to the expanded display seems an obvious choice in retrospect, but to me it definitely necessitated the end of the capacitive keys, otherwise all that extra height tends to feel a bit wasted. Speaking of those keys. The software To answer your first and greatest question: Yes, you can switch the order of the navigation keys. You can either have them in Samsung (read: wrong) order, or change them to the standard Android layout of back, home, and recent apps (left to right). Samsung also lets you customize the color of the navigation bar background, which is nice. Sure, the iconography is nowhere near stock, but I couldn't really give a damn what the buttons look like as long as they do what I expect them to. And no, Bixby is not mapped to long-pressing the home key: that's 100% Google Assistant. (Bixby's functional overlap with Assistant is actually quite minimal - for now.) The latest version of I-Can't-Believe-It's-Not-TouchWiz is based on Android 7.0 (not 7.1, sigh) and feels basically similar to what we had on the Note7 and now have on the Galaxy S7 phones. "Grace UX" is the easiest on the eyes TouchWiz has ever been, and while there are still a bunch of old features in there I hardly think warrant the real estate in the settings app, Samsung continues to provide its own useful additions. I didn't spend much time with the software in-depth, as I really didn't have time. And Samsung's Bixby assistant was only demoed to us in a controlled, scripted test environment, which is useless from an evaluation perspective. I can give you the overview, though: it's basically Google Goggles meets Google Now meets voice-powered accessibility controls. It's definitely an interesting mesh of features, though Samsung's hardest push seems to be around the idea that people will want to use their voice to control things like their screen brightness, toggling the hotspot, picking a camera mode or filter, and generally controlling their device. I am, to put it bluntly, unconvinced anyone will use this. But maybe it'll win me over when our review units come in and I actually have a chance to put it to the test. But, if you were worried that Bixby was an attempt to subvert Google Assistant and replace it: please, don't be. Not yet, at least. Google Assistant and Bixby happily coexist on the Galaxy S8, and are frankly rather different products. Oh, and this is kind of interesting, I guess: Samsung has also implemented the fingerprint scanner gesture to bring down the notification bar. It's off by default, I think, but it's there. Like the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge after their respective Nougat updates, the S8 and S8+ don't actually display in their native, physical resolutions by default (they're set to full HD mode). I remain very divided on this choice: while I know the vast majority of people who own these phones will never, ever notice and reap considerable battery life returns as a result, why put in these more expensive ultra-high-res panels in the first place? Samsung's answer, of course, relies heavily on VR, because you need that Quad HD display mode to provide a good VR experience. But I don't think anyone, even Samsung, has actually produced compelling evidence that consumers care about VR (apart from the companies making VR products). I guess it comes down to the question of how much more a Quad HD panel of this type would cost to produce than a 1080p version. If it's not a big difference, then I guess I get where Samsung is coming from. One feature I found quite interesting is the new home button wake gesture. Simply press your finger on the home button that is shown in the always-on display mode for a moment, and the screen will wake, indicated by a light burst of haptic feedback. While obviously you won't get far if you have a fingerprint scanner lock set, you might be more likely to use Samsung's iris scan or face unlock features (the latter is new to the S8). Given rumors that Samsung intended to place the fingerprint scanner inside the display itself with the S8 but failed to achieve the necessary yields, I have to wonder if this is the compromise they've settled on: pushing customers away from the ubiquitous fingerprint scanner, for now, until their more impressive technology is ready for primetime. As for me, I probably wouldn't use the home button wake regardless - the fingerprint scanner is simply my preferred mode of authentication. The reader is definitely a bit of a reach on these phones, though, and even with my relatively long fingers I found the S8+ would definitely take some getting used to in terms of default hand positioning. Samsung's iris scanner tech is fast and very accurate, but I'm not always looking at my phone when I unlock it. Performance on the phones is not something I feel comfortable expressing any definitive opinion on at this time. They felt fine - not crazy fast, not particularly slow - but given the notoriety Samsung's phones have achieved for slowing down over time, my experience in a controlled demo environment is simply not going to be helpful in assessing these things. It's probably better for me to end that discussion here and save the extended thoughts for our review. I obviously can't judge battery life yet, but Samsung shared an interesting figure with me: the new batteries in the Galaxy S8 and S8+ feature much better cycle longevity than the ones in last year's phones. Whereas after a year of typical charge and discharge cycles last year's Galaxy S7 and S7 edge would see around 20% of their effective capacity lost, Samsung says that figure is more like 5% of capacity lost over a year on the S8 and S8+. That's definitely encouraging. Final thoughts The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are big, beautiful phones. The larger displays are absolutely great, and the switch to virtual navigation keys is long overdue. I'm sure they'll have great cameras, and I expect battery life will probably be largely comparable to last year's phones (i.e., good). TouchWiz is, as far as user experience goes, the best it's ever been. That may not be saying much for some of you, but I generally find Samsung's UI modifications at the very least aesthetically palatable nowadays, and some of the added features are genuinely useful. A switch to 64GB of storage as standard is absolutely welcome and, I think, should be the bar to meet for any flagship phone in 2017. Bixby, despite the fears of many (myself included), doesn't really seem meant to displace Google Assistant or search on your phone. The Snapdragon 835 version of the S8 and S8+ we'll get here in the US packs a lot of new and potent technology, too - it's not just faster than the 820 and 821, it's more efficient and more capable. What am I not loving yet? Launching with Android 7.0 feels oh so typical Samsung: they can preach all they want about how they test their software endlessly in order to ensure updates are smooth and low on bugs, but I just can't shake the feeling that Samsung really has no intention of changing its approach to Android platform updates. Performance is going to be a big question, too (and it's one Samsung seems uninterested in discussing). I won't even be able to conclusively come to an answer in our review, simply due to the amount of time we'll have to use the phones before publishing. That'll take weeks and months of additional testing. Finally, there's a lot of uncertainty remaining around the value proposition these phones will offer, and without pricing, that's hard to comment on just yet. There's also a lingering feeling that the S8 and S8+ feel iterative in terms of actual user experience versus being showcases for advancements in industrial design and engineering. Samsung itself seems very eager to present the reduced bezel and larger displays as the raison d'etre for the Galaxy S8. But it's hard to tell if beauty is more than skin deep with these phones. Why is the screen curved? Because it's pretty (fragile, and the edge UI experience sucks). Why is the aluminum frame now polished? Because it's pretty (and will get scratched). Why aren't the batteries any bigger? Because thin phones are pretty (even though everyone wants bigger batteries). These are thoughts that I've had a harder time shaking than I expected. There's no doubt the Galaxy S8 and S8+ are exceptional achievements from the standpoint of design and phone-building knowhow, but I think I can distill my feelings about them down to this: I'm really unsure why I'd want one of these that much more than a Galaxy S7 edge or, if it still existed, a Note7. If there's some major improvement to performance I missed, maybe that could be it, but on most other fronts - aside from the switch to virtual nav keys - I'm left scratching my head a bit. But, maybe that's just a result of not having enough time with them. Hopefully, we'll be reviewing these phones soon enough, as I'm eager to get a deeper sense of the changes Samsung's made and how they translate into a real-world product experience. Tags galaxy 8 galaxy s8 galaxy s8 hands on galaxy s8 review s8 S8 Plus video subscribe ... Previous Story The Galaxy S8's new battery will degrade less quickly than the Galaxy S7's ... Next Story A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments Bedirhan SAVAS Cool phone except the finger print sensor Toss3 Looks like decent phones, but not enough of an upgrade to switch from the s7/s7e. As for android 7.1 it really doesn't matter as samsung usually incorporates a lot of the new features long before they are available on newer android versions. Eagerly looking forward to the Note 8 though (4K screen for VR is going to be a much needed upgrade). Taylor Vaughn I freelance online, performing basic jobs which simply requires from you a laptop or computer as well as internet accessibility and it is a life-saver for me personally... After 6 months on this job opportunity and i gained so far total of 36,000 dollars... Basicly i make about eighty bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hour most of the days.And marvelous thing about this job is that you can easily manage time while you work and for how long as you like and you get paid weekly >> http://v15.uk/xbRHM MJ I agree 4K is much needed for VR but I would question 4K or VR on a phone. LOL Toss3 Why? Works much better on phones as they aren't tethered to anything. Personally only use it for watching movies on planes or in bed when the gf is sleeping. MJ That is your only use cases? It's more useless than I thought. I watch movies on my big screen TV on my sweet couch when the GF is sleeping. No heavy BDSM head gear needed. Toss3 Pretty much. Never liked watching movies on a TV as TVs are always really small (unless you buy one of those 40k ones that are 100"<). I had a projector (with a 120" screen), but I sold it when I moved to another country, and because I don't watch TV that often a "big-screen" TV just doesn't feel that useful. I also like being thoroughly engrossed in the movies I watch without any distractions and only the Gear VR has offered me anything like that thus far. It's also the first private movie-theater that you can take with you wherever you go. The low resolution is the only thing that could be improved (and the straps of course). MJ Sure if it works for you but I don't like things strapped to my head and face. It must be a pain to unstrap when need a drink, snack, or take a piss. Toss3 You either lift the device (similar to ski goggles or snorkel) or you use the built-in pass-through mode. And there's really no need to unstrap anything when going for a piss. MJ I didn't mean literally unstrap but none of that sounds convenient or practical at all. LOL It must be me... MJ Samsung has made a product I would almost consider buying by cleaning up the UX, going with on-screen buttons, better aspect ratio, and minimizing the edge gimmick (next just get rid of it) while keeping the headphone jack and wireless charging BUT... The placement of the fingerprint is just horrible. David, you went on how Samsung pays attention to the details but they just randomly place the fingerprint reader? OK... They still make me wary of getting timely OS updates. Android 7.0? Really? I like to see if they follow up on their promise of monthly security updates on their unlocked phones. Cristian-Teodor TATOIU My S7 Edge, unlocked, Romania, received Nougat but still on freaking January security update! How bout dat? MJ That sucks but didn't they just make that promise a couple of weeks ago? Cristian-Teodor TATOIU They made that promise months ago but with the new top dog in tow... They'll make good on S8, no doubt, for the first 6-7 months. Then, they'll have the S9 to keep them busy. And so on, and so on... Really, really, really want/need timely security updates? Pixel or whatever Google brings out is the way to go. Not freaking out cause of some security vulnerabilities going unpatched for months? Samsung is an option then... They'll update, sooner or... Jordan L my friend, who is kind of paranoid about security, loves the Galaxy series of phones(probably because they look great). From a data security prospective; do you think Pixel or Galaxy is "more secure". He's worried less about hacks on old versions of the OS, he's worried about his cloud data. I vote for Pixel because you are only logging in with your Google account, and not also logging into your phone with a "Samsung" account. to use features. yes, Google tracks everything you do, but they are a US based company. Samsung is not, ... just a thought. I would THINK he would HATE the fact that he logs into his phone with Samsung account too. (you do have to use a Samsung account to fully use a Galaxy phone, right?) Justin You don't have to log in to Samsung's account to use the phone, but you lose out on things like Samsung Pay if you don't. EcE You don't need a Samsung account unless you want Samsung Pay, themes ( and their crapstore) or VR. Even then, they are two different accounts and AFAIK you don't need to share any private information to the Samsung account unless you use Samsung Pay. Vivek Rameses A non us company is much safer and private. Muh americans love garbage made in the US. dabug91 The Pixel would be the superior choice, as they will get monthly security updates through October 2019 at least. Max Johnson Battery size is concerning, but maybe that's something to do with precaution with the fire issue. Lawrence Fail!: It is way too tall, fingerprint sensor on the back, small battery, new bixie assistant with dedicated button, same old camera. Win. 64gb storage, looks cool. Biga173rd So what's a win in your book that can compare to this new phone? Zsolt V The same phone with a fruity fruit logo Biga173rd Ehhhh lno lol Lawrence Thanks for asking : the S7 and S7 edge... Better battery/size ratio same camera, same ram. Front fingerprint, and they can be hold by humans. Biga173rd Good point I personally will wait for the Note 8. Toss3 Agreed on the fingerprint sensor, but it does have face-unlock which should be a useful alternative (it is on Win 10 devices). I seriously don't understand why these companies are forcing AI assistans on us? Do people really use them? AI is useful, but not for phones. Camera is already good enough; use pro mode and it's amazing. Really can't expect better in a phone right now unless you start increasing the sensor size. EcE " this looks good on the Midnight Black version of the phone, which features a shiny black mid-frame to match" Glad to see the black phone is black on the sides, that chrome version looks horrible. Marcel Mayer hä? the device will show on 5pm? why you publish the article? PhillipeFelut so, whats the actual resolution of the display itself? DeathWolfGaming They are set to 1080p to save battery life. PhillipeFelut 2960x1440 is the number i was looking for. Jesse Lee Samsung is really receptive to their markets; a completely opposite direction from years past and from that being employed by Google Inc. The results are phones that continue to get better and better and more practical. Looks great! Timbets Linux 4.4 kernel Ishimaru I'm surprised. Even Google is still on 3.x. ProductFRED I'm not jumping to sell my S7 Edge Exynos just yet. Gotmilo waiting for the note 8 JD It's a damn solid phone. I wouldn't jump unless I pooped money and was having a bad case of the runs. Winston I'm upgrading from my flat S7 to the small S8. Why? Battery has deteriorated, and Samsung usually does really lucrative trade in deals with older phones, of which I still have an S4. John New smartphone releases are beginning to be as exciting as new dishwasher releases. That's a good thing as it means we can hold on to our phones for longer, smaller manufacturers can catch up to the big boys, and there will be more price competition rather than feature competition. Samsung seems to realize this which is why they're making a big push to differentiate on software. We would benefit from more alternatives to Google's software. I'm just skeptical that Samsung is capable. BC Um, why no images of the Dialer App's interface? It's something that I always want to know but never can readily find. David Ruddock Because I had an hour with the phones total and that wasn't really on my priority list. Sorry. BC It's cool, I'm just a weirdo that likes to know what all the interfaces I'll be interacting with regularly look within OEM apps. Cakefish Just look up the S7 Nougat update UI. I am pretty sure it'll be very similar to that, the rest of the S8's UI is. BC Not good enough for me, though I'll likely preorder the device...I'll be able to see it firsthand this way. Cakefish Check out the bajillion youtube hands-on videos, I'm sure one of them has what you're looking for :) BC I can only hope, though I have a feeling nobody will even care about the Dialer App. Cakefish Found one for ya! Look at 2:12 in the video: https://youtu.be/sZvp4L52QzQ BC Thank you! I had begun the scanning of videos to catch a hint of that app interface. Phone_Addiction Time to ditch my ip7 plus for the gs8+ brararsh Thinking of same. Adil Tajgeer i'm in the same boat but with the regular S8, it seems to be a great blend of big screen in a small package. but will just keep my iphone around. I NEED ALL THE SHINY THINGS. Biga173rd Wow!! that is one gorgeous phone. The build quality is incredible damn Sammy knocked it out of the park. And that metal frame... Nuno G. "You can either have them in Samsung (read: wrong)" Although it's not the standard order for Android, for me it's the natural order, specially for right handed persons!!! When I hold the phone, I hold normally with my right hand, so my thumb finger is the finger that is most near the screen on the right side of it. so it's normal for me to have the back button cause that's the one that I use more.. Miku is Best Vocaloid "Right handed persons" all have different preferences, I am right handed and I use the back button on the left. Middlefinger Im a lefty and Samsungs is still the better positioning. Google just have it wrong but the fanbois on here would never disagree with their Google god. JD Gotta say it wasn't until the S7e that I started to look at Samsung and that Samsung actually got me excited about Android Hardware again. I used to be a Nexus Diehard and when Google and other OEMs just all made glass rectangles, some with really bad software decisions I just gave up. But the S7e was something interesting. The S8 is a really lovely piece of Industrial engineering, like what the OG iPhone and iPhone 4 did to the industry when everyone was doing more of the same. jonzey231 I love that they continue to include wireless charging. iKon It's not even wireless... False advertising more like. jonzey231 Kay. Sharky I've been on Nexus for 5 years but I'm going to give this a go. The bezel-less screen makes it look like something genuinely new, I really wish the Pixel had looked this. I'm still skeptical about Samsung's UI skin but the move to virtual (& customizable!) buttons alleviates that a bit. Hopefully this will encourage Google to step up their efforts with the next Pixel, but it's going to take a big jump from last year's model to get me back. Jay The skin has not been a concern since s7. The whole look can be altered with one click via the theme store. I use one that makes it either look like native android or a jet black theme, that's so enjoyable on these amoled screens. Daniel Tiberius I'm looking forward to playing around with those themes. Middlefinger *S6. Sharky Admittedly the skin does looks quite nice now, I certainly hope I'm converted now I've shelled out $850 on this thing. Kevin Chaos I'm using the S7 and I really want the S8... but I'm going to force myself to wait and at least see what Apple has to offer with their next iPhone. That or Google needs to fix the Android messaging clusterfuck they've created. I've been using Android phones since the Nexus One but iPhones have come a long way and iMessage is starting to look really good. Toss3 Not sure why anyone with an S7/S7E would feel the urge to upgrade. Why not use something like Telegram, Whatsapp, etc. instead of SMS? Kevin Chaos I have a problem with wanting new toys constantly, haha. I think I've gotten a new phone every 6 months. Almost everyone I know uses SMS here. I am also using Google Voice myself. I just don't have enough friends who use those apps. At least that's my case in the United States. Toss3 I used to be like that, but now that Android has matured and caught up with the iPhone in terms of smoothness, I really don't feel the urge to upgrade as often as I used to. Only thing I want right now is an HDR 4K screen for the Note 8 and I'll be happy. Adil Tajgeer iMessage has kept my pixel and OP3 in a drawer for most of their time with me. but the S8 is so pretty i will probably bite the bullet and face the shame of the green bubble. fijisiv Why is the screen curved? Because it's pretty... Why is the aluminum frame now polished? Because it's pretty... Why aren't the batteries any bigger? Because thin phones are pretty... While most AP readers probably do a LOT of research before buying a phone, I'd wager a huge majority of phone purchases are done by people who walk into the store and say "oh that one looks pretty." Toss3 Thankfully we still have the Note-series that should cater to a different audience (hopefully). Adnoxaei It's beautiful, but I'll be skipping it it :/ The fingerprint scanned is just in a terrible spot for my normal usage. I hope one of those scanner techs that can go through the screen can get implimented in the next couple generations. Winston It was reportedly very close to being in the S8, but they couldn't quite get something good enough for it to be signed off. So, Note 8? Adnoxaei The note line got the iris scanner, so it is possible. I already think the S8 is a bit big (really, just too tall), so maybe it can be in the S9 and I'll get it then. At least my bank account will be happuer this year haha. Rann Xeroxx Once you use a scanner on the back of the phone, it actually turns out to be better as that is where your fingers typically are when holding the device. The only problem I can see is if you have it on a table or something and want to use the scanner. (I never do this as I rarely will leave my phone on a table). Miguel Fernandes How can it be better with that limitation? Jan Ibrahim Because in most circumstances for a lot of people , you unlock as you remove from your pocket. This is a lot easier with it on the back. Furthermore, it also means you can achieve a nice clean look on the front of the phone. But no solution is perfect, because the downside is desk use. But i find on the odd occasion I'm using my phone on my desk then pattern lock is fine. But I'd rather have on the back with that limitation than the other way around. Look how ugly the fingerprint scanners look on the front of some of the HTC and oneplus phones for example. John My problem with the S8 is not that the scanner is on the back, which is fine, but that it's all the way up next to the camera. Below the camera would have made more sense. iKon It's only good on the back, if it's in the middle like Huawei devices. Samsung has the worst position out of everyone. My name is…. Google needs to take lessons on how to make pretty phones. Who's gonna prefer a pixel to this? Crazy fanboys only. saf1927 People who actually want a phone. No flat display, no good. My name is…. Pixel was a joke of a phone, i cant believe that Google gave that thing iphone price, so ridiculous. Im sure S8 will be better in every aspect. asian_slaw if you are solely hating on the phone because of the price, you definitely dont understand or have experienced the pixel to it's full potential My name is…. I had a pixel on my hands. i also was an owner of all Nexus phones (after Nexus 4) I would never buy a pixel. There are better phones out there that are better. saf1927 Yes, after coming out half a year later, it doesn't take that much to get a better phone out. By the way, the iPhone 7 will still outperform the S8. it’s me tim-cock. Dude calm your tits. This phone puts the garbage looking iphone and pixel to shame. Your move crapple. saf1927 Come again when Samsung actually puts out a phone that is better than an iPhone in all aspects. A high-res display is nothing to flash your ass out for. Lars Jeppesen Yeah, much better display, more ram, better waterproofness, more freedom (default app anyone? ), wireless charging, fast charging, iris scanner, much higher screen-to-phone ratio, SD card support, bluetooth 5, wifi direct, VR, better assistant (Google Assistant/Bixby),, OH YEAH_, the iPhone sure is better... /s Rann Xeroxx Why on Earth would you pay the absurd price for the Pixel compared to a phone like this? Heck, the Pixel is ugly to boot. And purely from an enterprise standpoint, it has real problems with MDM and ActiveSync configurations to where Samsung goes out of their way to make sure it works perfectly on corporate solutions. saf1927 I actually have an iPhone 7 too, which of course is better than anything Samsung puts out. Looks are subjective. I hate edge displays, so this phone is as ugly as it gets. someone755 Agreed, keep it flat so I can put a normal screen protector on it. JohnyNoLegs Can't even do that on the pixel. These days are over New_Guy Somebody just dropped some world-class knowledge. Kudos h4rr4r Good you can fix the keys! Can you change the settings menu to be normal? Winston Nope, from my time with the S7. And I imagine that will soon be the new normal. Android O DP already has a similar design. So it will soon become normal. h4rr4r Please google, stop moving shit around for the sake of moving shit around. Winston You are the one moving shit around. I don't know what the hell the incentive is for lying, but I have a Galaxy S7. I have a Fast Charger. I have tried both turning the fast charger off in software, AND using a different cable. They both kept my phone cool while charging when using it, and with fast charging on it would heat up. h4rr4r I did not decide to move the buttons around at random or change the settings to some touchwiz crap. I have no idea what you are talking about with the charger. I said nothing about fast chargers. Of course fast chargers make the phone hotter. How do you think this all works? Winston It's not "considerable battery gains". They're actually fairly small: within 10-15 mins SOT in my experience. Samsung itself said, moving from the 5.7 1080p of the Note 3 to the 1440p of the 4, that the power usage delta was 3.5%. That's in hardware. Imagine how little the change is in software. lsh99 The build and design of this phone is exactly what I've been waiting for: premium finishes with a huge screen-to-body ratio. That said, I'm waiting for the Note 8. Cristian-Teodor TATOIU Pricing, for Europe - 799EUR for S8, 899EUR for S8+. These should translate 1:1 to USD + taxes, for US. Of course, unlocked. Turb0wned The question is, if I ordered the US unlocked version from Best Buy, will Samsung screw me out of updates like they did with the unlocked S7E? Trysta After a major Samsung phone reveal, I usually spend the first couple days trying to rationalize how I could buy it even though touchwiz scares me, because the hardware is just so lust-worthy. But this time...not so much. It looks very fancy obviously, and I love the increased screen to body ratio (hopefully all other OEMs....*cough* Google *cough* are paying attention!). But I thought the Note 7, with the extra subtle curves was really the maximum amount of screen curve I was willing to deal with. The curve of the S8/S8+ seems to be going back towards obnoxious taking over 20% of the screen with glare again. Wish they had kept the curved edges the way they were on the Note 7. Batteries are too small, although I understand why they wanted to be careful this year. After my Nexus 6p disappointment, battery life is basically my number one feature for my next phone. And the fingerprint sensor placement is just awful, for seemingly no other reason than to be different from everyone else who has a back fingerprint sensor. I don't want to use iris scanning or face detection. Fingerprint sensors work really well for turning on my phone quickly. This is a major feature of all current flagships. Why did they think this was something that was ok to experiment with/mess up? But in the end, just like every year, I was never going to buy this phone anyway. I hope that it is a great phone for Samsung fans (I'm sure it will be). Shame-sung C.E.O Absolutely horrible looking phone.that it lacks innovation and nothing but gimmicky features. Dominic D ok it’s me tim-cock. As if anyone expect anything diffraction from you. Shame-sung C.E.O Why would anyone expect anything positive from a CORRUPT, thief company? Middlefinger Doesnt do thieving Apple or LG much harm though, or HTC with their new iPhone rip-offs. Shame-sung C.E.O You are mistaken the Corrupt Swinesung Machine that has been sued by. Apple,Dyson,BlackBerry,Microsoft,LG,TSMC And countless other manufactures for stealing. Hmm you sound like those Swinesung guys that were getting paid to Shill and got caught. You can only wish that Apple and LG and anyone else was as horrible as corrupt company as Swinesung. But unlike you i stand by Facts, go ahead and get upset. Not going to change history. : ) Middlefinger Selectively sued in countries with crap IP laws where you can patent anything vague and sue for it even if you never actually made the thing yourself. They failed to sue in countries with reasonable laws. Samsung also counter sued and won, so whatever... Shame-sung C.E.O That's a beautiful excuse. But not a good one. Funny how Swinesung has lost multiple times and agrees to settle after it has uses stolen designs and software and technology. Swingeing has lost all across the world from its home country to the the US. This is the problem with the fanboy mentality. They make poor excuses but everything is online. Swinesung has convicted 2 times of corruption in south korea alone. From Racketeering, Tax Evasion. Fraud and Embezzlement and countless other charges. Also they have the highest return in TV's in the industry with defects. Heck in the S7 and S6,5,4 have all suffered from low quality screens and having image retention issues (again all the information is online if you search) to burn in issues and lets not forget the exploding issues because they choose quantity over quality. Shamesung will always be just that. A low quality company who cares about numbers then quality. Middlefinger You're just a troll, yuor username proves that all by itself. Most of the thing Samsung have been sued for related directly to Android itself, so is Googles fault if anything, not anything they have done. You know this but just troll this site because you are a child with nothing better to do. Dont bother replying, your blocked as of now. Shame-sung C.E.O AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH Facts hurt and hurt so dam much . Man how pathetic. Jay Not sure how your kind of comments continue to survive on this site. Shame-sung C.E.O Because people are entitled to facts and opinions. Just because Swinesung is a horrible corrupt company does not mean bling ignorance does not exist. I mean i like Android and think its amazing and useful, And i feel the same way about Apple , Microsoft LG ect. But Swinesung... Naw i draw the line on the most corrupt company in the tech industry by Parsec's. Dominic D I just wish Samsung would update all their devices at the same time like Apple. Okay, maybe not all... but definitely their S series of devices. It's holding me back from purchasing a Samsung phone again. My AT&T S6 Edge was beautiful but didn't receive Marshmallow for a year. It was nearly unusable on Lollipop with barely an hour and a half of screen-on time. I love my 6P and I'm soon looking to upgrade, but I'm nervous about purchasing another Samsung device. Berkay Wait for the pixel 2 Ilya Kushnir Linux Kernel 4.4.16. This happened! Maha Rashtrian TAKE MY MONEY NOW! How much does it cost though? Mix If Samsung made a phone with stock Android, that had Google's updates I would be in love. My Pixel is nice but Samsung phones just feel nicer. JSo Remember Google Play Edition devices? Those were the days. Mix I do not! My first was Android was a Nexus 4 and I came from a BB Bold! Nexus 4, Nexus 5, Galaxy S6, Pixel Xl, Pixel Xl, Pixel Xl....(I am on my third Pixel, lol) JSo Well other OEMs used to make versions of there devices with stock android on it and they were sold in the Play Store. The Galaxy S4 was one of them. Jaime May I ask why? Were your phones faulty? Mix Mic died on the 1st Pixel and the 2nd one bricked and both were RMA'd through the play store for brand new devices. someone755 "The Pixel is totally worth it, it's a great investment." You alone are proof of the contrary. Mix Just pop on over to GooglePixel on Reddit. Some people are on their 5th phone...when it works it works but my experience? This is the worst Android phone I have ever owned! My 3rd one has been great though so fingers crossed I am done RMA'ing it. someone755 Exactly. There are so many apologists out there of this phone that keep saying that the phone is worth its price, that other phones are just as flawed etc. Meanwhile there are hundreds if not thousands of customers like you. VAVAMk_2 Why? 2kool4skool Agreed, google gets their software right but their hardware could use a lot of improvement. JohnyNoLegs Yea like messenger, allo, duo, hangouts. And pixel now has apps you can't uninstall. Google will be the next Samsung! 2kool4skool Well, should I say partly right, then? JohnyNoLegs Let's just say Samsung does it better than google recently, and that's saying something. Btw I'm on pixel xl coming from note 7. iKon Any phone looks better than the Pixels because #Bezels Bojan Radovanović well, that is true, but it's not a picture to stand in front of it and admire how it looks... Ra1nb0wD4sh DE On my pictures the bezels (aka frames) are mostly wanted though... Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ If Samsung made the phone with stock Android, nobody except a bunch of geeks would buy it. Consumers want the features Samsung adds to Android. Mix Would the average user and purchaser of Samsung phones even know they had stock Android device? Probably not. Samsung makes mach better hardware but their updates and support after the sale freaking suck. Took something like 8 months for my SG6 phone to get an update since Google gives it to Samsung to add shit, then Telus gets to add shit, then I get it. That type of update system is pure trash. theProffer It's the same group of people that can't tell the difference between the new iPhones. You know, the ones Jimmy Kimmel makes fun of once a year. Middlefinger Samsung have to fix Googles mess first, because lets face it, Stock android is a buggy unreliable mess. You cant blame the OEMs for wanting to wait until the software is viable before they risk putting it on their customers devices. Google doesn't care, that's why the Nexus didnt sell well, and the pixel has needed fix after fix after fix. whispy_snippet No. Middlefinger Yes, but Google shills dont like to hear it. whispy_snippet Still no! Middlefinger Denial is pretty powerful. whispy_snippet Well, no. Every average Joe consumer would buy it PLUS a heap of stock Android nerds. Average consumers don't have a freakin clue what TouchWiz or stock Android even are. Who gives a shit anyway. It's never going to happen. Middlefinger Oh god no. Bargain basement software that isnt reliable isnt what people want. Im sure even a stock S8 would have less issues than the trouble prone Nexus and Pixel phones, but even so, it would be commercial suicide for Samsung to rely on an unfiltered Google experience. someone755 It would net them a few thousand customers though. I know I'd be switching to a Samsung if they only made some AOSP-style software possible. Middlefinger Apple could probably sell more iPhones if they had an Android version, but it still doesnt mean it will happen. It would cheapen the Samsung brand to launch an AOSP version, and the only people that would care could just run a custom ROM anyway. someone755 Agreed on all but that last part -- That's why I'm not already a Samsung customer, as they make great efforts to prevent people from running custom ROMs. Middlefinger and yet suck ROM exist, so.. xyz It was called a Galaxy Nexus. JohnyNoLegs I prefer Samsung software. My pixel xl is barron, has nothing in comparison. Can't wait to sell and get the s8 Cakefish The fact that I'm currently unemplyed will prevent me from giving in to my uncontrollable urges to always have the latest tech. S8 looks great. Switchable nav keys, 10nm processors, batteries that lose significantly less of their capacity over time. narrower dimensions for one-handed use, 64GB storage, and a Samsung equivalent to Google's HDR+ camera processing are my personal highlights. Cakefish P.S. for UK users you can get it on the 19th April if you preorder (8 days early). Also, UK pricing: S8 = £689.00, S8+ = £779.00 Middlefinger Yeah but will be cheap enough on contract which is how most people buy phones. Cakefish But I prefer to buy unlocked :( Lars Jeppesen Blame Brexit for that.. the phones are the same prices as the S7 for me here in Denmark Cakefish I do blame Brexit :( ddevito Nice phone, but no thanks. Perfectly comfy with my OP3. Then again I've never owned a Samsuck and never will james fuston jeeeesus the price point. S8 is anywhere from 720-750 and the S8+ is 850? We are getting dangerously close to breaking the 1K mark with standard configurations for phones. I can't justify paying twice the street price of an S7/S7E for one of these. This will be a hard pass for me. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ The LG G6 is $750 and the Pixel XL is $869, and those two phones look pitiful compared to the S8 and S8 Plus. What are you complaining about? Cakefish 21% (S8 vs S7) and 22% (S8+ vs S7 edge) price rises for UK (thanks Brexit) hkklife Pixel XL is the biggest rip-off on the market that's not made by Apple. Google was redefining the $/performance ratio back in 2012 and 2013 with the Nexus 4/5 and Nexus 7s. And then they got greedy and cozied back up to the carriers and went sky-high with their pricing. I'd love to see the BoM for HTC and Google on the Pixels. Gotta give Samsung credit for not jettisoning important features while truly redefining what a rectangular slab handset should be. I still think that the S8 line is one step from greatness---an unlocked model updated in a timely fashion with a 6/128GB RAM/storage variant for all markets and a 500mAh battery boost would make it a world-beater. David Williams I agree. The price point should not be surprising to anyone. james fuston The Pixel XL is $779. Not sure where you're pulling that extra $100 from. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ The 128 GB model is $869. There is no 64GB model. Regardless, the price differences aren't very big either way, and the Pixel XL doesn't hold a candle to the S8 Plus in terms of form OR function. james fuston Yeah, you're either entirely missing or intentionally glossing over the "standard configuration" part. Either way, I can tell you're all aboard the hype train for new technology by the amount of hyperbole you're spouting. Not sure why you felt like chiming in on my comment about the cost/value of the S8 vs the S7, but I think we're done here. Diego Kaku Why no one talks about the stupid position of the fingerprint scanner? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I hate the location of the fingerprint scanner on the S8/Plus. Absolutely despise it. But the rest of the phone is f'in amazing. And it's possible I'd end up using iris or facial recognition anyway. I'm not buying one, but that's only because I'm waiting for the Note 8. Fresh360 Well that was depressing, has all of those leaks left us jaded? What if there were no leaks and only whispers and then we saw a nearly bezel-less phone with a massive screen in a small body? I really think this preview would have had a very different tone. Suresh Aryal Nothing about speakers yet. GSMArena says it has stereo speakers. invinciblegod OH GOD MY OCD!! Those ports are not centered!!!!!!! Groud Frank Samsung Mobile is maturing as a tech company. It's no longer "Let's just copy Apple and cram features into our phones to compete with the iPhone." From Samsung Pass to Samsung Pay to Bixby to DeX, this is a beautiful phone with useful features. I can actually see this phone making my life easier, especially in the password management department. Less navigating, less touching, a focus on user experience and practicality - well done Samsung. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I think Samsung is going to break sales records with these phones. Max Gromada Well, they just "copied" those features: - google's HDR+, - the next iphone's screen proportions; - apple pay, - modern ai voice assistant (they've bought the company that had made the Siri), - apple's augmented reality tech - Nokia's / MS iris scanner. They're welcome to implement a feature-rich phone, but those innovations did not come from Samsung. Tech Writer -Combining multiple photos into one has been a thing much before google did it. Does anyone remember OPPO's 50MP super hi-def mode? Plus I'm sure the implementation is different than Pixel's HDR+. For example, this one works without HDR, and with HDR too. -Next iPhone's screen proportions? Dude, are you kidding me. Samsung is the one who is going to provide those screens to Apple. Plus, this phone is probably in development much before the iPhone. -Apple pay: No. Samsung pay uses MST, not NFC. It's a unique patented tech by looppay, which Samsung acquired. Apple can't even use it and hence Apple pay can't operate in legacy terminals. -modern ai voice assistant: Bixby is not a voice assistant. The phone has google assistant for that. Bixby is more of helper and tells you what is around you. It isn't meant to tell you a joke or search things, you have assistant for that. -apple's augmented reality tech: I really don't know what you are talking about. -Iris scanner: I'll give you that. Most of these are Samsung's own innovations, or acquisitions which are patented. Middlefinger Quite a bit of salt in this article. Samsungs nav buttons are not in the 'wrong' order, Googles are. Argue all you like but the fact remains its subjective and not objective. Im glad Samsung doesnt use Googles staid UX. and you cant complain about Samsung not being as innovative in the software as they are in the hardware and simultaneously get snarky about them not using Googles way of doing things. Google hasnt innovated a damn thing since ICS so if they did make a stock S8 it would be worse, based on your own claim. dabug91 Actually, you're wrong. When you use just about any web browser on the planet, where is the back button located? Top Left. Same for when you use just about any file explorer: Top Left. Same for when you use iOS devices, where do they generally place the back button? Top Left. It makes perfect sense for the back button to be on the left side of the device, because that IS the ergonomically and aesthetically superior place for it. You're wrong, get over yourself. Middlefinger Use with a mouse is different than touch use, and 2 handed touch use is different than one. You are comparing completely different UI element, so your point is invalid. dabug91 Actually, people's thumbs can very easily reach the bottom left hand side of their device, so your distraction about UI's is invalid and you're still wrong. Kys. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I hold my phone in my left hand, and use it with my right hand. The position of the back button makes no difference to me, but I like it on the right. It's not an objective thing. Give up trying to make it so. Middlefinger Right is still better for the most often used function. Given the option most people I know have that set up. Google cant be trusted to know whats best in a UI. This is the company that gave us material design, an admittedly pretty interface that gives you hardly any information per page. Its cumbersome, and this is proven by the fact that they cant even keep it consistent in their own apps, because it just doesnt work properly. Max Gromada Regarding 2-handed touch use, find the "Esc" key on your keyboard ) But, imho, when you're doing it all with your thumb, it does not matter what side the "back" key is placed. I was comfortable with the both layouts. AbbyZFresh I'm sure that this new phone will be a hot commodity likurges I was about to make a joke about the bezzels but there are none.. unlike on the pixel where I have parked my airplane, built a house and a f1 track with some space left. SAM While improvements are welcomed, battery and camera didn't get much attention this year. Lets hope after everything other is taken care of this year, battery and camera will be next. I have a feeling that with what google achieved in pixel's camera, next iPhone(maybe) and pixel 2 will blow the shit out of competition. Max Gromada Actually, the camera is improverd in S8: there is a multi-exposure mode, aka pixel's HDR+, a very welcome feature. SAM I really wish this is the case. They didn't talk much about camera in live stream. Ace Time to buy gs7 _jsw_ Is that the new Gear 360 I see in the background? It's in the image of the S8+ on the stand. Max Gromada Yes, they've introduced the new Gear 360 someone755 That's all great and all, but these prices are getting ridiculous. r0xp0x Too bad even the regular sized one is a tad bit too big for me, and I don't like having a fingerprint scanner on the back of the phone, but it sure is gorgeous. whispy_snippet The headline feature is a big, bezzeless display. Meh. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yeah, never mind the 835, the two types of wireless charging, the Samsung Pay, the HDR screen, the... oh, never mind. You wouldn't care, anyway. whispy_snippet No. I don't. They're just iterations on stuff Samsung always offers. They bring very little to the table that wasn't already there. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Then buy a Pixel. You'll love its football field sized bezels, and the wonderful halos in its pictures. Yeah, I keep hearing that halos are rare. Another site just published a comparison of 22 pictures between the LG G6 and the Pixel. 4 of the 22 Pixel pictures had halos. None of the G6 pictures had halos. So it's not so rare, unless you think 18% of photos is rare. whispy_snippet I have a Pixel. I've experienced the halo effect maybe twice ever. I barely see it because you don't generally shoot straight into strong light sources because it results in crappy shots with any camera. The most important thing for me is user experience. What's the device like to use and own on a daily basis? The Pixel is exceptional in this metric. Great software, great ergonomics, great camera, regular updates, excellent performance. The S8 looks really beautiful, but I see UX compromises everywhere. The off centre, rear mounted fingerprint scanner next to the camera; the glass back; the curved edge display; two voice assistants (yes, they don't fully overlap but Samsung's end goal will be to bump Google Assistant). The S8 is just another new phone. Semianonymous Having voice control over the camera can actually be pretty useful. I have the speak to capture feature enabled on my S7 and it's enabled me to capture some tricky shots that might not have turned out as nicely if I had moved my hand to take the shot. If it's intelligent enough to do stuff like recognize the target and focus/zoom etc, then that could be potentially be really cool. Renan I'd wish Samsung would made a flat version of this... I find the Edge... edges useless. mchalakov Dear Samsung, Just because you think that a curved screen is really cool(it is but just for a presentation) doesn't mean that everybody will like it. Also who the fuck decided it's a good idea to put the fingerprint reader there? Best wishes and less explosions, Yours (some) part of the Internet PVL_93_RU To think that if Samsung didn't keep the archaic home and capacitive buttons for as long as they did - many more of their devices could look just as beautiful as S8 Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 12 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 199 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 240 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 3 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 22 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 66 1 Year Ago Today Amazon Updates Its Policies To Ban USB Type-C Cables That Are Not Fully Spec Compliant 2016/03/29 8:29pm PDTMar 29, 2016 95 2 Years Ago Today Upbeat Monsters Icon Pack Fills Your Homescreen With Adorable Googly-Eyed Apps 2015/03/29 11:57am PDTMar 29, 2015 79 3 Years Ago Today Rumor: Google Now Will Help You Remember, Pay Your Bills [APK Teardown] 2014/03/29 11:55am PDTMar 29, 2014 69 4 Years Ago Today [New App] BBQScreen Mirrors Your Display On A Computer At 25FPS (Root Only) 2013/03/29 7:31pm PDTMar 29, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today WSJ: Google To Open Online Store This Year, Will Sell Tablets Independently Of Retailers (Perhaps With The Launch Of Jellybean) 2012/03/29 8:56pm PDTMar 29, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today Get Your Credit Cards Ready - Android In-App Billing System Now Live (P.S. Devs, No More Separate Lite/Paid Apps, Please) 2011/03/29 8:34pm PDTMar 29, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Upgrade Your Android Phone's External Storage With A-Data Turbo 16GB Class 6 MicroSD Card - Review And Benchmarks 2010/03/29 11:15pm PDTMar 29, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 110 queries | 0.490s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Technology Android users to spend more money on apps than Apple customers, says report Android users to spend more money on apps than Apple customers, says report Users of Google's Android operating system will spend $41 billion in total on apps and subscriptions in 2017, topping $40 billion for Apple, a new report has found. By: IANS | New York | Updated: March 30, 2017 10:48 AM App Annie projects that revenues for Google Play and third-party Android offerings will be roughly similar with billion in Google Play revenues and billion for other offerings, the report added. (Reuters) Users of Google’s Android operating system will spend $41 billion in total on apps and subscriptions in 2017, topping $40 billion for Apple, a new report has found. App Annie, which focuses on data related to the mobile-app ecosystem, projected that Apple would still have the most dominant single app store. Apple’s App Store racked up $34 billion in sales in 2016, while Android apps collected $27 billion, a report in MarketWatch website said on Wednesday. Although Google has its own Google Play online destination for apps, there are several third-party offerings for devices that run on the Android operating system. App Annie projects that revenues for Google Play and third-party Android offerings will be roughly similar with $21 billion in Google Play revenues and $20 billion for other offerings, the report added. Another reason for this might be the number of devices used. You May Also Want to Watch: Android should be expected to outpace Apple because Android devices outnumber iOS devices by about a 5-to-1 ratio worldwide, Danielle Levitas, Senior Vice President of research for App Annie, was quoted as saying. “So there’s much room for movement and while this shift might happen in 2017, ultimately, we forecast the App Store remaining the most lucrative store in the next five years,” Levitas said. According to market research firm Gartner, Android had more than 80 per cent of the smartphone market share in 2016 while iOS was at 17.7 per cent, yet Apple routinely takes a majority of global profits in selling its devices. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now US Ambassador to UN Nikki Haley says open to ideas on UNSC reform Amit Shah must apologise to Goans, demands Congress Why good home-care health system is needed in rural areas US judge indefinitely extends ruling halting Donald Trump's travel ban Peggy Whitson set to break Sunita Williams' spacewalk record Aurobindo Pharma gets USFDA nod for HIV drug Combating prejudice against Africans: India has a lot to lose Dilip Buildcon bags Rs 3,269 cr road projects in Maharashtra TVF row: 'The Viral Fever's' founder Arunabh Kumar faces case of sexual harassment Heat wave like conditions in several states, Bhira in Maharashtra sizzles at 46.5 degrees Uttar Pradesh slaughterhouse ban woes: Meat shop owners forced to sell tea Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News ट्रेन हादसाः उत्तर प्रदेश के कुलपहाड़ के नजदीक पटरी से उतरे महाकौशल एक्सप्रेस के 8 डिब्बे मेरठ: मेयर का पार्षदों को वंदे मातरम गाने का निर्देश, मुस्लिम सदस्यों ने मना किया तो बीजेपी वाले बोले- हिंदुस्तान में रहना है तो वंदे मातरम कहना होगा 300 से 20 हजार पर पहुंच गया है पूर्व सांसदों का पेंशन, 33 साल में लगातार लाभकारी होता गया है नियम Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
/ DevOps Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Security Web Dev {{announcement.body}}{{announcement.title}} Let's be friends: The Birth of Automated Testing at Google in 2005 DZone's Guide to The Birth of Automated Testing at Google in 2005 Get the inside story on the problems that the GWS team at Google needed to solve in 2005 that resulted in one of the most admired cultures of automated testing around. by Gene Kim · Mar. 30, 17 · DevOps Zone Free Resource Like (1) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Download “The DevOps Journey - From Waterfall to Continuous Delivery” to learn learn about the importance of integrating automated testing into the DevOps workflow, brought to you in partnership with Sauce Labs. By implementing the right principles and patterns, Development and QA are using production-like environments in their daily work, and we are successfully integrating and running our code into a production-like environment for every feature that is accepted, with all changes checked into version control. However, we are likely to get undesired outcomes if we find and fix errors in a separate test phase, executed by a separate QA department only after all development has been completed. And, if testing is only performed a few times a year, developers learn about their mistakes months after they introduced the change that caused the error. By then, the link between cause and effect has likely faded, solving the problem requires firefighting and archaeology, and, worst of all, our ability to learn from the mistake and integrate it into our future work is significantly diminished. Automated testing addresses another significant and unsettling problem. Gary Gruver observes that “without automated testing, the more code we write, the more time and money is required to test our code — in most cases, this is a totally unscalable business model for any technology organization.” Although Google now undoubtedly exemplifies a culture that values automated testing at scale, this wasn’t always the case. In 2005, when Mike Bland joined the organization, deploying to Google.com was often extremely problematic, especially for the Google Web Server (GWS) team. As Bland explains: “The GWS team had gotten into a position in the mid-2000s where it was extremely difficult to make changes to the web server, a C++ application that handled all requests to Google’s home page and many other Google web pages. As important and prominent as Google.com was, being on the GWS team was not a glamorous assignment — it was often the dumping ground for all the different teams who were creating various search functionality, all of whom were developing code independently of each other. They had problems such as builds and tests taking too long, code being put into production without being tested, and teams checking in large, infrequent changes that conflicted with those from other teams.” The consequences of this were large — search results could have errors or become unacceptably slow, affecting thousands of search queries on Google.com. The potential result was not only loss of revenue, but customer trust. Bland describes how it affected developers deploying changes, saying that “fear became the mind-killer. Fear stopped new team members from changing things because they didn’t understand the system. But fear also stopped experienced people from changing things because they understood it all too well.”  Bland was part of the group that was determined to solve this problem. Bland explained further that at Google, one of the consequences of having so many talented developers was that it created “imposter syndrome,” a term coined by psychologists to informally describe people who are unable to internalize their accomplishments. Wikipedia states that “despite external evidence of their competence, those exhibiting the syndrome remain convinced that they are frauds and do not deserve the success they have achieved. Proof of success is dismissed as luck, timing, or as a result of deceiving others into thinking they are more intelligent and competent than they believe themselves to be.” GWS team lead Bharat Mediratta believed automated testing would help. Bland describes: “They created a hard line: no changes would be accepted into GWS without accompanying automated tests. They set up a continuous build and religiously kept it passing. They set up test coverage monitoring and ensured that their level of test coverage went up over time. They wrote up policy and testing guides, and insisted that contributors both inside and outside the team follow them.” The results were startling. As Bland notes: “GWS quickly became one of the most productive teams in the company, integrating large numbers of changes from different teams every week while maintaining a rapid release schedule. New team members were able to make productive contributions to this complex system quickly, thanks to good test coverage and code health. Ultimately, their radical policy enabled the Google.com home page to quickly expand its capabilities and thrive in an amazingly fast-moving and competitive technology landscape.” But GWS was still a relatively small team in a large and growing company. The team wanted to expand these practices across the entire organization. Thus, the Testing Grouplet was born. They were an informal group of engineers who wanted to elevate automated testing practices across the entire organization. Over the next five years, they helped replicate this culture of automated testing across all of Google. The story of how they did this is presented in Part 5. Over the next three years, they created training programs, pushed the famous Testing on the Toilet newsletter (which they posted in the bathrooms), the Test Certified roadmap and certification program, and led multiple “fix-it” days (i.e., improvement blitzes), which helped teams improve their automated testing processes so they could replicate the amazing outcomes that the GWS team was able to achieve. Now, when any Google developer commits code, it is automatically run against a suite of hundreds of thousands of automated tests. If the code passes, it is automatically merged into trunk, ready to be deployed into production. Many Google properties build hourly or daily, then pick which builds to release; others adopt a continuous “Push on Green” delivery philosophy. The stakes are higher than ever — a single code deployment error at Google can take down every property, all at the same time (such as a global infrastructure change or when a defect is introduced into a core library that every property depends upon). Eran Messeri, an engineer in the Google Developer Infrastructure group, notes: “Large failures happen occasionally. You’ll get a ton of instant messages and engineers knocking on your door. [When the deployment pipeline is broken,] we need to fix it right away because developers can no longer commit code. Consequently, we want to make it very easy to roll back.” What enables this system to work at Google is engineering professionalism and a high-trust culture that assumes everyone wants to do a good job, as well as the ability to detect and correct issues quickly. Messeri explains: “There are no hard policies at Google, such as, ‘If you break production for more than ten projects, you have an SLA to fix the issue within ten minutes.’ Instead, there is mutual respect between teams and an implicit agreement that everyone does whatever it takes to keep the deployment pipeline running. We all know that one day, I’ll break your project by accident; the next day, you may break mine.” What Mike Bland and the Testing Grouplet team achieved has made Google one of the most productive technology organizations in the world. By 2013, automated testing and continuous integration at Google enabled over four thousand small teams to work together and stay productive, all simultaneously developing, integrating, testing, and deploying their code into production. All their code is in a single, shared repository, made up of billions of files, all being continuously built and integrated, with 50% of their code being changed each month. Some other impressive statistics on their performance include: 40,000 code commits/day. 50,000 builds/day (on weekdays, this may exceed 90,000). 120,000 automated test suites. 75 million test cases run daily. 100+ engineers working on the test engineering, continuous integration, and release engineering tooling to increase developer productivity (making up 0.5% of the R&D workforce). The story that Mike Bland told about the genesis of automated testing at Google in 2005 was so amazing that I asked him to tell this story at the DevOps Enterprise Summit in 2015. You can find his video here. Endnotes and citations: Gary Gruver, personal correspondence with Gene Kim, 2014. Mike Bland, “DOES15 Mike Bland Pain Is Over, If You Want It,” Slideshare.net, posted by Gene Kim, November 18, 2015. Eran Messeri, “What Goes Wrong When Thousands of Engineers Share the Same Continuous Build?,” presentation at the GOTO Conference, Aarhus, Denmark, October 2, 2013. Notes posted by Gene Kim. Discover how to optimize your DevOps workflows with our cloud-based automated testing infrastructure, brought to you in partnership with Sauce Labs.  Like This Article? Read More From DZone Kickstart Your Automation Efforts Intelligent Agents or Web Crawlers: Where is My Automation Level? Automating Testing Across the Enterprise Free DZone Refcard Preparing for Continuous Delivery DOWNLOAD Topics: devops ,google ,automated testing ,gws Like (1) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Published at DZone with permission of Gene Kim, DZone MVB. See the original article here. Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. DevOps Partner Resources Do You Need DevSecOps for Containers? Sonatype Take the Forrester DevOps Maturity Assessment Test Sauce Labs Create a Software Bill of Materials Sonatype The Ultimate Monitoring Tools Landscape TraceView Get advanced visualizations to see every call, at every layer. TraceView DevOps Incident Management Buyer’s Guide VictorOps Jenkins, Docker and DevOps: The Innovation Catalysts CloudBees The How and Why of Minimum Viable Runbooks VictorOps Six Trends that will Shape DevOps Adoption SUSE The DevOps Tools You Need to Achieve Business Agility SUSE DevOps and Continuous Delivery Reference Architectures Sonatype Starting and Scaling DevOps in the Enterprise CloudBees The best of DZone straight to your inbox. SEE AN EXAMPLE SUBSCRIBE Please provide a valid email address. Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. Subscribe {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} Free {{node.type}} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Thu, Mar 30, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Innovation or overtime? Mystery surrounds Google’s ‘20% time’ Details were always unclear, but incubator Area 120 appears to be its new incarnation about 2 hours ago Marie Boran A spokesperson for Area 120 told The Irish Times: “We aren’t conducting interviews at the moment, but can reach out again when the time is right.” Photograph: Dado Ruvic/Reuters         Author Mark Twain once said that reports of his death had been greatly exaggerated and this seems to be the case with Google’s famous “20 per cent time” policy for its employees. It is said to allow Googlers to devote one day a week to side projects, several of which turned into successful products including Google News, Gmail and AdSense. “Twenty per cent time” has been hotly debated over the years; some say it was retired several years ago, others say it did not even exist to begin with, while the truth seems to be that whatever it once was, it has now been reborn as the mysterious Area 120, an incubator or internal innovation centre within Google. This incubator most definitely exists but there is no official web presence and scant information to be found; despite Area 120 releasing a new product in the form of an iOS video sharing app last month, Google doesn’t want to talk about it. Perhaps it is no mistake that the name reminds one of Area 51. For now, the search engine giant is remaining tight-lipped about activities within the incubator. A spokesperson for Area 120 told The Irish Times: “We aren’t conducting interviews at the moment, but can reach out again when the time is right.” The last time Google talked about Area 120 was the first time it had ever officially been mentioned: in May 2016 chief executive Sundar Pichai confirmed Area 120 as a “corporate incubator” and successor to the 20 per cent time policy. Pichai told Forbes that it is designed to give Googlers a chance at 20 per cent time but in a more formal setting. “We’ve always had a strong interest from within Google for people to go work on new things and have developed many of our products internally that way. At our scale, we want to make sure that there is a thoughtful way by which you give an avenue for those projects to be ambitious,” he told Forbes last May. The name itself is a nod to 20 per cent time but perhaps “120” is more telling. Marissa Mayer, Google employee number 20 and former VP of Google Product Search has previously commented that 20 per cent time was a myth, adding that any side projects were worked on by Googlers in addition to their official roles; the option of taking a day per week to work on pet projects did not exist. “It’s funny. People have been asking me since I got here, ‘When is Yahoo going to have 20 per cent time?’ I’ve got to tell you the dirty little secret of Google’s 20 per cent time. It’s really 120 per cent time,” the now Yahoo CEO has said in the past. Taking time to innovate This seems at odds with Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin’s original take on 20 per cent time. Back in 2004, they issued a Founders’ IPO letter to prospective investors, in which they endorsed Googler’s taking time to innovate. “We encourage our employees, in addition to their regular projects, to spend 20 per cent of their time working on what they think will most benefit Google. This empowers them to be more creative and innovative. Many of our significant advances have happened in this manner.” The pressing question, however, is not what 20 per cent once was but what it has evolved into: what is happening inside this more formal internal innovation centre? Is Area 120 Google’s new 20 per cent time or has it loftier ambitions? The truth may lie in its recent hires. Last year, Google hired Chris Poole, founder of 4chan, the controversial imageboard website that is home to most of the internet’s memes including lolcats and Rickrolling. The 27-year old is said to be working under Bradley Horowitz, vice-president of streams, photos and sharing at Google, who last year tweeted that he himself will be “helping out” on Area 120. Horowitz is joined by another Google executive Don Harrison who is vice president of corporate development, managing both Google for Entrepreneurs and the Area 120 incubator. Horowitz has previously worked on the unpopular Google+ social network, hinting that this may be the direction of some projects within Area 120. Certainly, one of the first products to emerge falls within his wheelhouse: Uptime is a video-sharing app that allows users to watch YouTube videos simultaneously with their friends. The focus is on chatting and sharing Snapchat-esque stickers with a look and feel that is distinctly millennial (retro GIFs, bright, splashy colours). Uptime could be a fun app or Google’s second attempt at a new social network. The first of three current products to come out of Area 120 is similar in terms of target audience. Supersonic is a messaging app with a tagline that literally says it is a “fun voice messenger”. At the risk of invoking Snapchat yet again, Supersonic is also designed to send messages that disappear once listened to with the option of automatically creating a text version based on the voice message and with a generous sprinkling of emojis. The innovative part is that, based on the content of your voice message, related emojis are generated. The Supersonic app website declares: “Supersonic is what the telephone would be, if it was invented today.” Some users may beg to differ with a solitary review on the App Store complaining about how the app crashes, adding: “Support team doesn’t respond either. Embarrassing that this is harboured by Google.” Younger market If we put this down to teething problems, it leaves the second product to emerge, which is even more focused on a younger market, falling squarely within lifestyle. Tailor is a personal digital stylist and shopping assistant in the form of an iPhone app. The user signs up and is connected to a network of professional stylists who can help create a signature look by quizzing you on preferred styles and answering questions on proper attire for different occasions. Tailor seems like an unusual choice for an incubator whose predecessor spawned Gmail, AdSense, Google News and the soon-to-be-retired Google Talk but Area 120 is likely to have a more serious side: its co-founder and product manager is Paul Cole whose previous role at Google was on the SMB/enterprise side while working on a product incubation team in Google For Work. Another project co-founder is Dan Massey, formerly a manager for Google’s Customer Support Tools Team while former product manager for Google Inbox and the first Product Manager for Google Now, Gabor Cselle, was brought onboard the incubator as an operating partner. Area 120 even has Googlers coming over from its “moonshot factory” Google X where employees work on self-driving cars, solar energy kites and other futuristic technologies: Bradley Taylor is an Entrepreneur at Area 120, originally working as one of Google X’s senior staff software engineer. With scant details on what this internal innovation centre hopes to achieve in the future, it is difficult to predict whether it is the future home of disruptive web services following in the footsteps of Gmail and AdSense or if it will produce a slew of unoriginal social apps to entertain teens. Perhaps, in the entrepreneurial spirit of failing and failing better outside the confines of Google’s official product development process, it will have a chance to be a mixture of all these.       Topics: Chris Poole Dan Massey Don Harrison Gabor Cselle Larry Page Marie Boran Author Marissa Mayer Paul Cole Sergey Brin Sundar Pichai Taylor Bradley Adsense Google Yahoo ! YouTube Read More Samsung plans to sell refurbished Galaxy Note 7s Uber to shut down its business in Denmark Square launches in UK as it pushes for growth Musk’s new firm could merge computers with human brains Datalex revenues surge on back of moves into Chinese market Damovo to create 30 jobs in its Dublin global services centre BT fined £42m over delayed high-speed cable Review: Bellabeat Shell Baby Heartbeat Listener Could Paqsule mean the end of stinky gym bags?  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Construction Number of dwellings for sale in State falls to record low, figures show Technology Is the PC finally cool again? Sport The Morning Sports Briefing Innovation Black Twist’s coffee and whiskey blend targets millennials Sponsored Our trip North: ‘I couldn’t believe how much it had changed’ Who are the ‘Leaders of Tomorrow’? Ten things you don’t want to miss in Northern Ireland this year The Liberties, Newbridge and Mullingar capture the imagination of first-time buyers Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business Amazon founder Jeff Bezos is second richest man in the world 07:50 Lloyd’s of London confirms setting up of EU subsidiary in Brussels 07:38 Squarespace set to expand in Ireland as it opens new office 07:15 Arralis gets €50m from Hong Kong-based consortium 07:00 Writer urges users of ‘big data’ to consider impact on women 06:56 Tech Tools Could Paqsule mean the end of stinky gym bags? Tech Tools: High-tech bag uses UV technology to zap bacteria at the touch of a button Can Samsung’s QLED TVs give it the edge? Tech Tools: Be prepared to dig deep for Korean company’s latest 4K technology Review: Bellabeat Shell Baby Heartbeat Listener Tech Tools: Can your smartphone – plus add-on – really hear your baby? Control your home heating on the go with Hub Controller Tech Tools: Never come home to a cold house again thanks to new smart controller Most Read in Business 1 Prepare for post-Brexit worst, PwC warns Irish firms 2 Number of dwellings for sale in State falls to record low, figures show 3 Arralis gets €50m from Hong Kong-based consortium 4 Coillte signs €68m deal with BP and Accsys 5 The AI apocalypse: will the human race soon be terminated? 6 Dalkey fish restaurant The Guinea Pig on sale after 40 years 7 Is the PC finally cool again? 8 Solicitor at Gerald Kean law firm says her files on EBS loan case in order in 2008 9 Writer urges users of ‘big data’ to consider impact on women 10 Triggering of Brexit a tragedy for EU and Britain Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Is the PC finally cool again? Moleskine calendar app is stylish and smart Instagram adds safety and security features Bezos pilots robot, feels like Sigourney Weaver Why you feel compelled to check your smartphone Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Thu 30/3/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter This navigation is new. We'd appreciate your feedback. Share your thoughts here. UK US world science US politics business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › world › UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close UK security and counter-terrorism Amber Rudd to tell tech firms: do more to combat terrorism Home secretary summons Google, Microsoft, Twitter and Facebook for discussion on encrypted messages and extremist propaganda An encryption message as seen on the WhatsApp application on an iPhone. Photograph: Phil Noble/Reuters UK security and counter-terrorism Amber Rudd to tell tech firms: do more to combat terrorism Home secretary summons Google, Microsoft, Twitter and Facebook for discussion on encrypted messages and extremist propaganda Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Kevin Rawlinson Thursday 30 March 2017 01.00 EDT The home secretary, Amber Rudd, will tell tech bosses they must do more to tackle terrorism during a private meeting on Thursday. The firms, including Google, Microsoft, Twitter and Facebook, are being hauled before the home secretary days after she criticised some of them over their adoption of encryption techniques that mean users’ messages cannot be accessed. The move was prompted by the announcement by police that Khalid Masood had used one such app – WhatsApp – prior to carrying out the attack in Westminster that killed four people on Wednesday 22 March. Rudd has also accused tech firms of not doing enough to stop terrorists spreading propaganda on their platforms, while the foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, has also attacked firms over their “disgusting” failure to remove extremist material. The home secretary faced criticism herself, however, from those who said her demands on encryption betrayed a lack of basic understanding of the subject. Speaking to the BBC on Sunday, Rudd said it was “completely unacceptable” that the messages on Masood’s phone were encrypted and not easily accessible to police. She told Andrew Marr: “There should be no place for terrorists to hide.” Rudd added: “We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp – and there are plenty of others like that – don’t provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other.” She refused to rule out introducing legislation, though she hoped that it would not come to that. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Amber Rudd: ‘There should be no place for terrorists to hide.’ Photograph: Hannah Mckay/Reuters The latest version of the Facebook-owned WhatsApp routinely uses end-to-end encryption, meaning that the messages are made indecipherable when they leave the sender and can be decrypted only by the intended recipient. WhatsApp says it does not have access to plain-text versions of the messages at any stage. The messages would be legible to anyone able to access either person’s phone, however, meaning that officers investigating the Westminster attack would need to find a way past any security settings locking Masood’s phone. WhatsApp does not have any involvement with this. Encryption is widely used to provide security to consumers carrying out everyday tasks, such as online banking, and critics have pointed out that a dedicated weak point in the defences made especially for the security services would also be available to an attacker if they found it. It is understood that Rudd will chair a round-table discussion with the firms, as well as some smaller ones, to urge them to be more proactive in tackling terrorist propaganda on their sites. She wants them to come up with a plan to automatically identify and take down any terrorist content before it can be widely disseminated. She will also ask them to form an industry-wide body to take greater responsibility over the issue. The meeting, which is to take place in private late in the afternoon, is one of a series planned between Whitehall and senior tech executives. The home secretary also plans to raise her concerns about encryption during separate discussions. WhatsApp has said that it is “cooperating with law enforcement as they continue their investigations”. Topics UK security and counter-terrorism WhatsApp Westminster attack Amber Rudd Facebook Google news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world selected UK selected europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video World › UK News › UK security and counter-terrorism back to top UK US world science US politics business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Apps Apps News Google Translate App Now Unblocked in China  Simon Denyer, The Washington Post, 30 March 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Google launched an updated Translate app Wednesday aimed partly at Chinese users and accessible in the country, in what could be a sign of the company's continuing efforts to explore a partial re-entry into the market here. Google pulled its search engine from China in 2010 after refusing to submit to Chinese government censorship, and the company's products, including Gmail, Google Scholar, Google Play and YouTube, are blocked by China's system of Internet controls known as the Great Firewall of China. China has long maintained that foreign internet companies would only be welcome in the country if they "respect China's laws" - in other words, if they submit to censorship and are prepared to surrender users' data to the authorities. In a blog post, the company pointed out that its web-based translation system has been available in China for the past eight years at translate.google.cn - although it didn't mention that translate.google.com is blocked. With the introduction of a the new app, it appears to be the first time Chinese users will be able to download and use it on Android and iOS without using special software to bypass China's Internet controls. "With today's update, we're hoping to make the Translate experience better for Chinese users, helping break down language barriers by connecting people around the world," it said in its blog. The updated app also offers "instant visual translation" between English and Korean, Google wrote. Earlier this month, the South China Morning Post reported that Google was in talks with the Chinese government about returning to China, and that Google Scholar, a search engine for academic literature, was among the first services Beijing wanted back. Academics in China have long complained that their research was affected by their inability to use the service. "China has been in touch with Google through various channels," Liu Binjie, a standing committee member of the National People's Congress and former head of the General Administration of Press and Publication, told the SCMP. "The academic sector will be the first to get through. China's focus is on academic progress, such as academic exchanges as well as science and culture, instead of news, information or politics," he said. In 2015, Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Google's parent company Alphabet, was quoted as telling a tech conference in Beijing that the company was on regular contact with the Chinese government, and hoped to expand its presence here. The company sells advertising to Chinese companies who wish to advertise internationally, and has offices in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou, as well as Hong Kong and Taipei. Charlie Smith, a founder of GreatFire.org, an organization dedicated to combating online censorship in China, pointed out that Internet users could still not download the app on Google Play because that remains blocked. Smith, who uses a pseudonym for security reasons, said the app is only available for direct download via a Google site developed just for China and hosted in China. "This is super ironic - because of censorship, Google has decided to basically sidestep its own blocked Google Play store to make their app available via an 'unofficial' store," he wrote. "Google may feel that this is a victory but in actual fact they should feel embarrassed." "Google is spinning this as an opportunity to grow the market," he said, but argued it was "not a victory for the internet giant nor a victory for internet users in China. On the contrary, it sets the market entry bar higher for other companies as the authorities only need to point to the example set by Google executives." On March 13, China gave YouTube preliminary approval for registering its trademark here, more than 10 years since the company first applied, according to China's Trademark Office. However, it was unclear if this represented any softening in China's stance towards the company: long legal battles to register trademarks are not unusual here, especially when other people have previously registered similar trademarks. There are also huge obstacles to YouTube entering China, given that Chinese law specifies video-hosting websites have to be 100-percent locally owned. © 2017 The Washington Post Tags: VPN, Google China, China, Internet, Apps, Google Samsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+ Hands On Facebook to Pull Messaging Support From Older Versions of Its Apps Google Translate App Now Unblocked in China     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Micromax Dual 5 Itel Wish A41 Panasonic Eluga Ray X Panasonic Eluga Ray Max Datawind MoreGMax 3G6 Intex Aqua 4G Mini Micromax Spark Vdeo Zen Admire Swadesh Oppo F3 Plus Panasonic Eluga Pure Lava Z25 Lava Z10 ZTE Nubia N2 ZTE Nubia M2 Lite ZTE Nubia M2 Apple iPad (2017) Wi-Fi + Cellular Apple iPad (2017) Wi-Fi Karbonn Aura Note 4G Karbonn Aura Sleek 4G Sony Xperia L1 Popular Xiaomi Redmi 4A Moto G5 Plus Samsung Galaxy S8 Moto M Oppo A57 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Nokia 6 OnePlus 3T Lava Z25 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Gadgets 360 Hindi सैमसंग गैलेक्सी एस8 और सैमसंग गैलेक्सी एस8+ लॉन्च सैमसंग गैलेक्सी एस8 और गैलेक्सी एस8+ के टॉप फ़ीचर रिलायंस जियो की मुफ्त सेवाएं शुक्रवार तक, अब आगे क्या... Latest Videos 02:34 360 Daily: Truecaller Gets New Features, Moto G5, Sony Xperia XZs India Launch Dates, and More 03:16 Sponsored - OPPO F3 Plus: The Selfie-Expert with a Big Battery 02:12 Panasonic Eluga Ray Max, Eluga Ray X First Look 05:48 The Best Features of Android 7.0 Nougat 20:59 How to Make the Most of Android 7.0 Nougat More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Sanket Vijayasarathy Five Things to Look Forward to at the Samsung Galaxy S8 Launch Devika Chitnis The F-Word the Internet Doesn't Hear Gopal Sathe Iron Fist Is a Lot More Fun Than Most Critics Would Have You Believe Advertisement Recent Samsung's New Mesh Wi-Fi Routers Have SmartThings Integration SpaceX Poised to Launch First Used Rocket on Thursday Jaitley Responds to Aadhaar Hacking Concerns, Says Technology Is Vital Call Drops Have Come Down, Says Telecom Minister 8.7 Lakh Telecom Subscriber Forms Non-Compliant With Norms: Sinha Samsung Galaxy S8 First Smartphone With Bluetooth 5.0, Gigabit LTE Speed Xbox One Update Brings Beam Streaming, Updated Home, and More Reliance Jio Prime Subscribers Said to Have Crossed 50 Million Mark Samsung Galaxy S8 Pre-Orders Bundle a Gear VR With Touch Controller Samsung to Pack $99 AKG Earbuds With Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+ More News TRENDING Jio Prime Signups and Happy New Year Offer End Friday: What Happens Next? Amazon's Mobile Carnival Has Deals on OnePlus 3T, iPhone 7, and More Samsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+ With Bixby, Infinity Display Launched Samsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+ Hands On Reliance Jio Prime Subscribers Said to Have Crossed 50 Million Mark Xiaomi Redmi 4A Review Samsung Galaxy S8: Everything We Know Ahead of Wednesday's Launch Xiaomi Redmi 4A With 4G VoLTE Support Launched in India at Rs. 5,999 Micromax Dual 5 With 13-Megapixel Dual Rear Cameras Launched in India Samsung Galaxy S8 vs iPhone 7 Plus vs OnePlus 3T vs LG G6 Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS US Edition Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 LG G6 Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 VPN News Android could overtake Apple in overall app sales this year Android could overtake Apple in overall app sales this year By Harry Domanski World of tech   But Apple still dominates in dollar per download Shares  The projected sales of all Android apps could beat out earnings from Apple’s App Store for the first time ever this year, according to a forecast by specialised market research group App Annie. The report suggest that Apple’s App Store will pull in $40bn (£32bn, AU$52bn) by the end of 2017, an increase of $6bn from last year’s figures, while Google Play is looking at raking in $21bn (£17bn, AU$27bn). The combination of this rather strong projected earning from Google Play with other popular Android stores, such as Samsung’s and Amazon’s, is expected to bring that total up to $41bn.  Impressively, while the Apple App Store is predicted to double the earnings of the Play Store, the amount of the applications actually downloaded is only around a quarter of Google’s. This could indicate a number of things, amongst them is the possibility that Android users are more likely to download free apps and are less likely to splurge on in-app purchases, or that there are more free options. Also worth noting is the continuation of money-making potential that games tend to see over other apps, with less games being downloaded compared with the percentage of revenue they rake in, and this trend is expected to exaggerate over the next five years. App Annie’s study considers the market's growth up until 2021 and has predicted that Apple will keep its lead over Google regarding their respective stores, but that the margin between overall Apple to Android apps will continue increasing up to $18bn (£14bn, AU$23bn).  Apple shines the spotlight on indie games on the App Store Topics Android Related news Arizona Sunshine is one of the best VR games you’ve never heard of How the FCC internet privacy rules rollback puts a price tag on your data Facebook Live now supports 360-degree video for a more immersive view Google IO 2017: dates, rumors and news for Google's big developer conference See more World of tech news Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you need to know 2 Samsung Galaxy S8 launch live blog - as it happened 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 4 Samsung Galaxy S8 review 5 The 15 best laptops of 2017: the top laptops ranked 1 Samsung Galaxy S8 launch live blog - as it happened 2 The best Nintendo Switch mods we’ve seen...so far 3 Samsung Galaxy S8 user guide leak reveals pretty much everything 4 Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus review 5 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you need to know TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
/ Cloud Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Security Web Dev {{announcement.body}}{{announcement.title}} Let's be friends: AWS vs. Google: A Comparison of Free Tier Offerings DZone's Guide to AWS vs. Google: A Comparison of Free Tier Offerings This breakdown of AWS and Google Cloud covers their free offerings, aggregating the features developers will be interested in, such as analytics and object storage. by Nicolas Frankel · Mar. 30, 17 · Cloud Zone Free Resource Like (1) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free MongoDB Atlas is a database as a service that makes it easy to deploy, manage, and scale MongoDB. So you can focus on innovation, not operations. Brought to you in partnership with MongoDB. As a developer, you’re a pretty important resource for service providers. Without developers, service providers cannot make savings based on scale. Having developers also means higher chances of someone having a killer idea on top of your service, creating even more value. And, of course, developers attract more developers. In order to achieve that, service providers offer free services. In the cloud realm, both Google and Amazon have a packaged offer valid for a year. Once the grace period has expired, though, access to some limited free services is still available. This post tries to compare free services of those providers side-by-side. Common Offerings NoSQL database Product DynamoDB Cloud Datastore Description Fast and flexible NoSQL database with seamless scalability Highly-scalable NoSQL database Storage capacity 25GB 1GB # of reads 25 units 50k # of writes 25 units 20k # of deletes 20k Analytics Product Mobile Analytics BigQuery Description Fast, secure mobile app usage analytics Fully managed, petabyte scale, analytics data warehouse # of events 100 million # of queries 1 TB SCM Product CodeCommit Cloud Source Repositories Description Highly scalable, managed source control service Multiple private Git repositories hosted on Google Cloud Platform Storage capacity 50 GB 1 GB # of active users 5 # of requests 10k Serverless Product Lambda Cloud Functions Description Compute service that runs your code in response to events and automatically manages the compute resources A serverless environment to build and connect cloud services with code # of requests 1 million 2 millions (including HTTP & method invocation) Compute time 3.2 million seconds 400k GB.seconds, 200k GHz.seconds Storage Product Storage Gateway Google Cloud Storage Description Hybrid cloud storage with seamless local integration and optimized data transfer Best in class performance, reliability, and pricing for all your storage needs Capacity 100 GB 5 GB-months of Regional Storage Other 5k Class A Operations per month 50k Class B Operations per month 1 GB network egress from North America to all region destinations per month (excluding China and Australia) Provider-Specific Offerings Items are listed here because: Either the competitor doesn't provide a similar offering (e.g., Google Cloud Speech API). Or they do, but the offering isn't in the free tier (e.g., Google Compute Engine vs. Amazon EC2). Amazon Product Description Details Key Management Service Managed service that provides easy encryption with administrative controls 20k free requests per month Device Farm Test your iOS, Android and FireOS apps on real devices in the AWS cloud Free one-time trial of 250 Device Minutes Simple Notification Service Fast, flexible, fully managed push messaging service 1 million Publishes 100k HTTP/S Deliveries 1k Email Deliveries CodePipeline Continuous delivery service for fast and reliable application updates 1 Active Pipeline per month CloudWatch Monitoring for AWS cloud resources and applications 10 Custom Metrics and 10 Alarms 1 million API Requests 5 GB of Log Data Ingestion and 5 GB of Log Data Archive 3 Dashboards with up to 50 Metrics Each per Month Simple Email Service Cost-effective email service in the Cloud 62k Outbound Messages per month to any recipient when you call Amazon SES from an Amazon EC2 instance directly or through AWS Elastic Beanstalk. 1k Inbound Messages per month Simple Queue Service Scalable queue for storing messages as they travel between computers 1 million requests Simple Workflow Service Task coordination and state management service for Cloud applications 10k Activity Tasks 30k Workflow-Days 1k Initiated Executions Chime Amazon Chime is a modern unified communications service that offers frustration-free meetings with exceptional audio and video quality Basic subscription is free to use for as long you’d like CodeBuild Fully managed build service that builds and tests code in the cloud 100 build minutes per month of build.general1.small compute type usage Step Functions Coordinate components of distributed applications 4k state transitions per month X-Ray Analyze and debug your applications 100k traces recorded per month 1 million traces scanned or retrieved per month Database Migration Service Migrate databases with minimal downtime 750 Hours of Amazon DMS Single-AZ dms.t2.micro instance usage 50 GB of included General Purpose (SSD) storage Google Product Description Details Google Compute Engine Scalable, high-performance virtual machines 1 f1-micro instance per month (US regions only) 30 GB-months HDD, 5 GB-months snapshot 1 GB network egress from North America to all region destinations per month (excluding China and Australia) Google App Engine Platform for building scalable web applications and mobile backends 28 instance hours per day 5 GB Cloud Storage Shared memcache 1k search operations per day, 10 MB search indexing 100 emails/day Cloud Pub/Sub A global service for real-time and reliable messaging and streaming data 10 GB of messages per month Container Engine One-click container orchestration via Kubernetes clusters, managed by Google Basic cluster of 5 nodes or fewer The basic cluster is free but each node is charged at standard Compute Engine pricing Stackdriver Monitoring, logging, and diagnostics for applications on Cloud Platform and AWS 5 GB of logs with 7-day retention Read access API Basic email alerting Cloud Vision API Label detection, OCR, facial detection and more 1k units per month Cloud Speech API Speech to text transcription, the same that powers Google’s own products 60 minutes per month Cloud Natural Language API Derive insights from unstructured text using Google machine learning 5k units per month Cloud Shell Manage your infrastructure and applications from the command-line in any browser Free access to Cloud Shell, including 5 GB of persistent disk storage Cloud Container Builder Fast, consistent, reliable container builds on Google Cloud Platform 120 build-minutes per day MongoDB Atlas is the best way to run MongoDB on AWS — highly secure by default, highly available, and fully elastic. Get started free. Brought to you in partnership with MongoDB. Like This Article? Read More From DZone Google Cloud vs. AWS: Comparing DBaaS Solutions IoT Platform Selection: Azure vs. AWS vs. GCP Moving to the Cloud: Transforming Technology and the Team Free DZone Refcard Understanding Cloud Computing DOWNLOAD Topics: cloud ,aws ,google cloud ,cloud development Like (1) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Published at DZone with permission of Nicolas Frankel, DZone MVB. See the original article here. Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. Cloud Partner Resources Gartner Critical Capabilities in Operational Databases (Free Report) NuoDB MongoDB Atlas, the fastest growing NoSQL database. Delivered as a Service on AWS. Learn more. MongoDB MongoDB Atlas is a database as a service that makes it easy to deploy, manage, and scale MongoDB. So you can focus on innovation, not operations. Get started free. MongoDB The Holy Grail Of Database Management Systems (Free Technical White Paper) NuoDB The Secrets to Winning the Cloud Game NuoDB MongoDB Atlas is the best way to run MongoDB on AWS — highly secure by default, highly available, and fully elastic. Get started free. MongoDB The best of DZone straight to your inbox. SEE AN EXAMPLE SUBSCRIBE Please provide a valid email address. Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. Subscribe {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} Free {{node.type}} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Why Alphabet Inc Needs to Act Fast to Reassure Advertisers Some of the biggest household names are threatening to pull their ad spend from YouTube if the company fails to address the problem of objectionable content. Chris Hill (TMFWizard) Mar 29, 2017 at 10:58PM In this podcast, the Market Foolery team turns its attention to the latest controversy at YouTube as major advertisers have complained about their ads appearing next to objectionable videos. As the online advertising race between Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) intensifies, the internet giant has no choice but to address the issue quickly. To wrap up the show, the team also answers a listener question for Canadian investors before discussing the state of March Madness. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on March 27, 2017. Chris Hill: It's Monday, March 27th. Welcome to Market Foolery. I'm Chris Hill. Joining me in studio today, from Million Dollar Portfolio, Jason Moser; and from Stock Advisor Canada, Taylor Muckerman. Happy Monday! Jason Moser: Hey, now! Taylor Muckerman: We're doing it! Hill: We are doing it. Welcome back! You've been busy. Muckerman: Yeah, a couple weeks. You were at South by Southwest. We've been overlapping each other. Hill: There we go. It's good to have you back in the studio. Muckerman: It's good to be back. Hill: We're going to dip into the Fool mailbag. We have to start with a story that's been brewing for a little while. I'll be honest. This is a story, I saw a headline on this a week or two ago, and it registered like, huh, that's interesting, and it continues to balloon. This is the fact that a week ago, Google formally apologized for running customer's ads alongside objectionable videos. We've talked before about YouTube and how important it is in the world of search, and how it's one of the most popular places to search. And you see these stories about, if YouTube was a stand-alone company, it'd be worth somewhere in the neighborhood of $75 billion. Google makes this apology a week ago, and here we are a week later, and I guess, among other things, Jason, probably a reminder that YouTube is a really big place with lots of videos, and therefore it's hard even for the owners to monitor it. The Wall Street Journal had this big story about how Coca-Cola, Microsoft, Amazon, Procter & Gamble, these mainstream brands, are still seeing their ads alongside videos with racist content, anti-Semitic, all of this stuff where the advertisers, rightfully so, say, "I don't want my ads next to that." Moser: Yeah. We're going to hit a point here, sooner or later, it's going to be like you do with your kids, they can say sorry only so many times before you're like, "I get that you're sorry. Just don't do it again. I'm not looking for sorry anymore." So, I think with Google and YouTube, this is obviously something that's a big deal. It's not something that immediately impacts their bottom line. When we talk about the bread and butter for Google's money-making machine, it's search advertising. But, there's a good percentage, close to 20% of that money, comes through advertising with third-party customers. So, when ads go next to objectionable content, of course, those parties are going to express concern, they want to know what's going on, why is this happening, and what are you going to do to make it stop? Because there is no middle ground here. It's just, flat-out, "This is unacceptable, don't let it happen anymore." This is sort of one of those things with this age of automation, as we go more toward automating everything, particularly on the consumer-facing side, I think it's really difficult to ever fall back on the old, "Well, the algorithm did it, it wasn't our fault." Because, ultimately, someone built the algorithm.  I think what Google needs to figure out here is, what is happening to make this happen, and how do they fix it? And whether it is through technology, whether it's through humanizing it a little bit more, and actually bringing on more people to add a human touch to these customer relationships, they need to do something with this before this gets out of hand. We've talked about this a lot, especially in MDP, we own shares of Alphabet, and we own shares of Facebook: We own a far larger position in Facebook, and part of the reason for that is, when you look at the direction things are headed in social, and in internet behavior, there's no question that Facebook is becoming a place, not just Facebook, but its properties, whether it's WhatsApp or Instagram or whatever properties they buy in the future, that's a place where eyeballs go to hang out for a while. Google is more utilitarian in nature, right? You need some information, you find it on Google, and you go to your next place. Facebook is catching up very quickly. They've expressed some concerns that perhaps the last decade was the Google decade, and perhaps this next decade is the Facebook decade. If that is the case, and the numbers certainly point toward that, the argument could at least be made there, Google has got to figure out something yesterday as to how to address this and fix it, because blaming it on the technology is not going to fly. Muckerman: I'm pretty confident that they're going to figure out a way to fix it. Especially when you're talking about Facebook, they had the whole issue around the election with fake news on their site. And you had a group of college kids come out and make an algorithm that was able to identify fake news on the site, and they've been able -- not using their algorithm, but, Facebook has been able to address that. I'm confident that Google will. You talk about big headlines about this, but I'm waiting for the headline to come out that says, right now, people think that less than 1% of Google's revenue is at risk because of this. It's a $90 billion revenue company, I've seen headlines that say $750 million might come off of YouTube's revenue in 2017 because of this. Bigger fraction of YouTube's revenue, but you're not just an investor in YouTube when you buy a stock in Alphabet. So, I'm still confident that they'll figure it out. And between the two of them, Facebook and Google, they're pretty much the only two that are growing in the digital ad space. So, I find it hard to believe that advertisers are going to completely move away from Google. Right now, Facebook is really the only alternative, and that space would become far too crowded too quickly if there was a mass exodus from Google. I'm fairly confident that, because you said 20% of their revenue comes from that search advertising, they're going to figure this out. Hill: It is a small amount of money, and yet, when you look at the headline of Pepsi, Starbucks, General Motors, Wal-Mart have pulled some of their ad spend with YouTube. Those are big-name companies. I think, if you're Facebook, you're not throwing a parade over this, but I think if you're selling video advertising for Facebook, you're on the phone to different media agencies, and I also think television networks. If you're a broadcast network or cable network, to use your phrase, Jason, you're putting the human touch to work, and you're calling these companies and saying, "Listen, don't take a risk with the programmatic algorithm approach to YouTube. You know what you're going to get with our networks, and you're going to get something that associates well with your brand." Muckerman: With some of those companies you mentioned, those are companies that can afford to pull back for a week or two on advertising and make a statement. That's almost advertising in itself. They're still advertising using Google's name, just not using Google's platform. So, I think they'll come back eventually. Probably not too far down the line. Those brands are brands already. You're probably looking at the smaller players, questioning whether or not they can afford to back off of Google's platform a little bit more than Coke or Pepsi. Moser: Yeah, and I think it's also worth noting, for the longest time, YouTube has been synonymous with online video. That's what got this ball rolling. And they've enjoyed such a phenomenal competitive position for so long. What an acquisition Google made for ... what did they buy it for? Hill: $1.6 billion. Muckerman: Pennies on the current dollar. Hill: And the reason I remember it was $1.6 billion is because I was one of the people saying, "Boy, they sure did pay a lot of money for that." Moser: So, I think you fast forward today and you see how this competitive environment has changed, Google and YouTube are not the only players in the online video space. And you see all sorts of companies, from Facebook and Twitter to Verizon and AT&T developing their online video offerings. To your point, I think it's very easy to see these customers pulling back for a week, a month, and saying, "Hey, let's reasses what's going on here." Google and YouTube are too big to say, "We don't want to be a part of your environment." That's just foregoing a tremendous reach that anybody in their right mind would want to be a part of. But, what it could do is, it could result in some pricing competition. It can certainly make Google have to get in there and compete a bit more on pricing, lose a bit, perhaps, of that pricing power, particularly as we ship to mobile, and we know those mobile advertisements are not nearly as lucrative as the desktops were, from a real estate perspective. But, these are smart people running a very, very big company. The solution to this really is as simple as, listen to your customers and give them what they want. So, from that perspective, I don't see any reason why they can't fix it. I guess it's going to be interesting to see how they fix it, and how quickly they go about fixing it, because they don't enjoy that same competitive position that they enjoyed, perhaps, five years ago. Hill: Our email address is marketfoolery@fool.com. From Matt Saunders in Nestleton, Ontario. "I was hoping you could explain the effects of currency exchange on stock purchases. I'm in Canada and our dollar is quite low compared to the U.S. dollar. However, it wasn't too many years ago, we peaked a little higher than the U.S. dollar. My concern is that if I buy a U.S. company at this point and the dollar rises again, will that work against the value of the U.S. company that I purchased? Or does buying on the TSX compensate for that somehow? Thanks for all your help with this. P.S. please tell Steve Broido, we just made a trip to Orlando and had a great visit to an Olive Garden there. Definitely a fan." Steve will appreciate that, I'm sure. Muckerman: Yeah. Thanks for listening all the way from Ontario. This was a question that we receive quite often in Stock Advisor Canada, Pro Canada, and now Dividend Investor Canada. We put a special report about this a couple years back. Over those couple years, not much has changed. Remain to see the Canadian dollar still trading below the U.S. dollar. I think right now, it's around $0.75 to the U.S. dollar. As you did mention earlier in the 2000s, the Canadian dollar did peak around $1.20 to the U.S. dollar. That ramp-up really did cramp Canadian investors' returns when you look at it, from investing in the U.S. dollar. When the Canadian dollar does appreciate, you lose a little bit there when you sell back into the Canadian market. So, what we generally tell our members to do is, A) we absolutely recommend investing in the U.S. market, because when you look at the Canadian market, about two-thirds of it relies on the energy, financials, and the materials sector, two very volatile sectors, in the energy and materials sector and then financials, really, the bulk of that is driven by the big banks, TD, Scotia, CIBC, BMO, and RBC. They're very highly concentrated if you don't move outside of the Canadian market. When you look at the largest sector in the U.S., IT, I think that's around almost 22% of the S&P, it's 2.7% of the S&P TSX. So, you're missing out on a lot of potential growth there. And less than 1% of the S&P TSX is healthcare. If you think about that, you're missing out on some huge potential growth there. It was a little higher, but Valeant obviously reduced the share of that overall market when that fell precipitously over the last couple years.  But, the long-term average of the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar is right around $0.85. There's about 13% upside from where it is right now until it reaches the long-term average, I think we have information going back to 1971 on our site. That's over 30 to 40 years of data with the long-term average of $0.85 to the U.S. dollar. So, you're not far away from that. Compared to that $1.20 you saw in the early 2000s, we view that as a one-off event, especially with oil where it is these days, and the likelihood that remains subdued as compared to when it was over $100, which, coincidentally, timed very well with when it was peaking with the U.S. dollar there. So, we advocate people considering the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar exchange rate, but we don't say, "Just invest Canadian only." Put some dollars into a separate account, leave them there for the long-term so you don't have to pay the cost to exchange back and forth, because banks do charge for that. And you don't get charged if the company pays you a U.S. dollar dividend and you leave it in U.S. dollars. You don't get charged every time they deposit the dividend to your account. You only get charged if you put it back into CAD. So, if you're a long-term investor, we just say, create two accounts, one with Canadian dollars and one with U.S. dollars, and let it ride, because if you don't, you're going to miss out on tons of opportunity. TSX and TSX Venture stocks make up about 20% of the -- Hill: Toronto Stock Exchange. Muckerman: Yep. They make up about 20% of the total stocks available to you in U.S. markets. So, not only are you missing out on diversification, but you're missing out on opportunity, in terms of breadth of choices. So, don't let the currency fluctuations scare you away from it. That's our opinion. Hill: You've been to the Toronto Stock Exchange, haven't you? Muckerman: Yeah, it's pretty cool. We went there a few years ago, poked around when we were first launching Stock Advisor Canada in 2013. Been up there a couple times since, but to not the same fanfare that we went up there a few years back. Hill: Definitely a lot of fun. Fitting that I'm sitting with too proud sons of the Carolinas because, for any sports fans out there, the final four is set. We have Gonzaga, we have the University of North Carolina, we have Oregon, and we have, surprisingly, the University of South Carolina. And the potential for an all-Carolina final. Moser: Amazing. If you think about it this way, you had Clemson just win the National Championship in college football. There is still the potential, certainly, for the Gamecocks to go in there and win this thing in basketball. Which, I mean, there's no way that's ever been achieved before. Muckerman: They have to win this, because the likelihood of a potential rematch with North Carolina in the final, highly unlikely. Although, this could boost recruiting. Moser: About half of my graduating class in high school went to USC. The other half -- Hill: The other USC. Most people hear USC and they think University of Southern California. Moser: The East Coast, South Carolina. The other half went the Clemson. And I was the one lone straggler that went the opposite direction and went to a 15-person liberal arts college. Go, Wofford Terriers. Hill: Wait, isn't Wofford in North Carolina? Moser: Wofford is in South Carolina. You have Davidson that's in North Carolina. Muckerman: Steph Curry. Moser: But, wow, the finish to that game yesterday was ... Muckerman: The Carolina game? Yeah, my gosh. Moser: Yeah, it was unbelievable. I have to believe that right now, the Carolinas are figuring out a way to, perhaps, join together, erase that border. Hill: There was a story I read this morning -- and, obviously, there's so many millions of dollars involved in the NCAA basketball tournament. But one of the stories I read this morning was about the business impact in North and South Carolina. And, not surprisingly, bars and restaurants doing huge business over the weekend, and presumably will do it again next weekend. Moser: That'd be like one of those things in an earnings report where, that's one of those one-time events. So, when you're saying, "Well, we don't expect this next March, but we had a very robust beginning of 2017, thanks to ... " Hill: You're saying Jason's Barbecue and Sports Bar, in South Carolina, when it's reporting earnings in the spring of 2018, it's like, "Look, tough comp. Last year, we had the final four. We had Clemson in the football championship." Muckerman: Seriously. Clemson. USC has to catch up. Maybe think about extending Tobacco Road a little for their South. Hill: I don't know how big the concentration of Buffalo Wild Wings is in the Carolinas but I do remember -- Muckerman: There's quite a few. Hill: -- two years ago, when Tom Brady was first suspended by the NFL, and he was going to miss four games, and this was going into the fall of 2015, I do remember that on a conference call, there was an analyst who asked CEO Sally Smith, this analysts had the numbers and basically said, "Here's how many Buffalo Wild Wings locations are in New England. Tom Brady is going to miss," and he ended up appealing and not missing, but he missed the first four of this most recent season, but -- and I give credit to this analyst, he did his homework. It's just like, "Look, you have a bunch of Buffalo Wild Wings locations in New England. The star quarterback of the home team is going to miss the first four games. Are you factoring that?" Legit question. Moser: I guess my question here is, Oregon is with Under Armour, too. Hill: Wait a minute, Oregon? No, that's a Nike -- Moser: Is Oregon Nike? OK. I was just thinking, I saw something, I was looking at this headline, Oregon Signs Record-Breaking Apparel Deal With Under Armour, and -- Hill: Are you sure it's not Oregon State? Moser: No, it says Oregon. Hill: Because University of Oregon is Phil Knight's alma mater. Muckerman: Their football field is Nike sole turf. Moser: I'm aware! Let's go in and confirm this, but this is back from 2014, but Oregon signs record-breaking apparel deal with Under Armour. The deal was announced just hours after Phil Knight announced he would no longer allow Nike to be associated with Oregon, citing his frustration with a lack of national championships. Muckerman: This isn't The Onion? Moser: No, this is SB Nation. [laughs] I guess Phil Knight got sick of a bunch of losers! And he decided to bag it. If that's the case, how interesting that you would then have two representatives of Under Armour and two of Nike. Muckerman: So, Gonzaga and Carolina obviously -- Moser: Carolina is Nike, and I think Gonzaga is too. Oregon is the one I was questioning, because South Carolina is definitely Under Armour, and I think Oregon is, too. Muckerman: Michael Jordan hasn't eschewed Carolina just yet, I guess. Moser: That's pretty cool. Hill: Yes. And the University of Oregon women's team is in the regional final that's being played tonight. They're playing UConn. Muckerman: I'm so sorry for them. Moser: Right, I was going to say, why don't they just hand them the trophy? It's Connecticut, can they really ... Hill: You know what? That's what amazing Cinderella stories are made out of. Moser: At some point, everybody thought Kentucky was going to win, but Wisconsin, was it Wisconsin? Hill: Yeah, back in the day, a couple years ago. Look, if Goliath was undefeated, where's the fun in that? We need David to knock off Goliath every once in awhile. So who knows? The lady Ducks might get it done against UConn. Muckerman: Lady Ducks and the Gamecocks.  Hill: That's your lead story, by the way, if the UConn women don't end up winning the national championship. All right, Jason Moser, Taylor Muckerman thanks for being here, guys. Muckerman: Cheers! Moser: Thank you! Hill: As always, people on the program may have interests in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have recommendations for or against, so don't buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear. That's going to do it for this edition of Market Foolery. The show is mixed by Dan Boyd. I'm Chris Hill. Thanks for listening, we'll see you tomorrow! Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Chris Hill owns shares of Amazon, Coca-Cola, Starbucks, and Under Armour (C Shares). Jason Moser owns shares of Nike, Starbucks, Twitter, Under Armour (A Shares), and Under Armour (C Shares). Taylor Muckerman owns shares of Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, Starbucks, Twitter, and Under Armour (C Shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, Buffalo Wild Wings, Facebook, Nike, PepsiCo, Starbucks, Twitter, Under Armour (A Shares), Under Armour (C Shares), Valeant Pharmaceuticals, and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Hill (TMFWizard) Full-time host of the Motley Fool Money radio show, MarketFoolery podcast, and other things. Part-time connoisseur of movies, basketball & fine bourbon. Article Info Mar 29, 2017 at 10:58PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $849.87 up $9.24 (1.10%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $142.65 up $0.89 (0.63%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $831.41 up $10.49 (1.28%) Read More Facebook's New App Won't Kill Snap Stock The 3 Best Dividend Stocks in Computers Intel Accelerates Its Ongoing Transformation With Mobileye NV Acquisition Better Buy: Verizon Communications Inc. vs. AT&T The 3 Best Firewall Companies to Buy in 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Why Alphabet Inc Needs to Act Fast to Reassure Advertisers @themotleyfool #stocks $GOOGL, $FB, $GOOG
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 45 Plus 1 on G+ 60 Share on Facebook 62 Share on Twitter Total Shares167 Applications Google Google Home News Article Contents 1 Control by voice 2 Services 3 Control by app 4 Upcoming Google first talked about Google Home back at I/O, but the device became official at the recent October hardware event. The speakers didn't go into detail on all the apps and services that Home would work with, preferring instead to focus on a few specific demos. Now, Google has published a list of everything that works with Home, and we expect this will grow over time. Here's what Google has published so far on its support site for Home. Control by voice Audio Google Play Music YouTube Music Spotify Pandora TuneIn Smart home Nest Thermostats Phillips Hue Samsung SmartThings Honeywell Belkin Wemo IF by IFTTT Wink Insignia Wi-Fi Smart Plug LIFX Vivint TP-Link (smart bulbs and plugs) Frigidaire Geeni Anova First Alert Logitech (Harmony, Smart Lock, Smart Sprinklers) August Home Rachio Streaming Devices Google Chromecast Vizio Toshiba Philips Sony Bang & Olufson B&O PLAY Grundig Polk Audio TV and Audio (Chromecast or Google Cast TV required) YouTube Netflix Google Photos Tasks Google Calendar Google Keep Games and Fun Mad Libs Services 21 Blackjack Aeden at Westworld Akinator Anchor And Chill Argus Ask Jelly Ask Wonder Best Dad Jokes Brick Finder Brick info Busuu Buzzfeed CareGeneral Cat Lady City of Auburn CNBC Cool Events Domino's Eliza Elle Horoscopes FaithLife FitStar Food Network Friendly Librarian Genius Good code tips Headspace Huffpost Headline Quiz Inspirational Quotes Itcher KAYAK Lonely Planet Mental Math Miss Molecule's Favorite Molecule Mostly Harmless Quotes My Buddy NBC News NPR One Number Genie Plane Strike Pray Together Product Hunt Quora Quotery Random conversations Reverse Math Game Seattle Pools SG NextBus SongPop Spelling Master Star Wars Facts Sub War Tender The Animal Quiz The Bartender WSJ Todoist Trivia Blast Uber Upcoming Bollywood Movies Venturebeat News WebMD Control by app Any Cast-enabled audio app Upcoming Mercedes-Benz Hyundai iHeartRadio We'll update this post whenever Google adds more services, so stay tuned. Source: Google Support Tags apps assistant Google google home subscribe ... Previous Story The Galaxy S8 is the first phone with Bluetooth 5, can stream audio to two Bluetooth devices at once ... Next Story Samsung's new Gear 360 camera works on most Android and iOS phones Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments Mark01 Won't buy if you can't change that ridiculous Ok Google hotword nxtiak You'd rather say some weird name like Alexa or Siri? eazyean1 Echo is cool actually Abhishek Saral If it works just by saying "Google" it would be nice. Like in Amazon Echo we just have to say "Alexa". David Hyman Microsoft just recently changed the Xbox commands from Xbox to Cortona. Not only is it worse than before but I constantly say the old keyword. The thing with ok google is that it never really comes up during a normal conversation where as Siri and Alexa sound more like other names and leaves to false keyword activation XerBlade Having "Xbox" as the hotword was pretty much the dumbest idea they could've possibly had. Unless you are a lonely warrior who only plays video games by himself all the time (as game developers seem to think all gamers are these days since hardly anyone who isn't Nintendo builds local multiplayer anymore...), it is extremely likely that the word "Xbox" is going to come up in normal conversation extremely often while you are using the Xbox with your friends or family. In fact, I know from experience that it happens constantly. David Hyman True but my point was about the issues with changing hotwords, and the fact that Cortona is worse than what they had before Jarrett Lennon Kaufman In what way is it worse? "Hey Cortana" works pretty well for me on my computer and Xbox with NO false positives like before. trickinit It doesn't work very well for me. It's a lot slower to respond and it tends to get the command wrong a lot more than it used to with "Xbox". Anytime Cortana doesn't understand me, it switches to the browser to do a Bing search. That get pretty frustrating when I'm trying to record a game clip. David Hyman Yea! Try having Cortona try to find a TV show, that used to be solid with the old way and completely fails now Jarrett Lennon Kaufman That doesn't sound like a problem with the command, necessarily, but the software change overall. David Hyman It seems like it always has to phone home for even the simplest commands like turn off. It seems to fail to understand that command very often lzdking I keep switching back to Cortona after system updates because I really want to use it, but the lag time is too much. Very annoying to tell Cortona to pause a show and then have it take anywhere from 3 - 8 seconds to pause. I switched back to the Xbox commands because they are nearly instant. David Hyman Dude that's definitely a major issue. I keep using it so they get more data to hopefully improve it. I like the media capabilities of my Xbox more than Chromecast because I get hdmi pass through for my Comcast box and it has Amazon video. Two things that I can't get with a Chromecast XerBlade I wasn't going to correct you if you only said it once, but it's "Cortana." David Hyman Oh sorry auto correct Jarrett Lennon Kaufman That would be terrible. The word "Google" comes up a lot in conversation in 2016. No way I'd want that alone to be the keyword in my living room. Damodara Kovie [dkovie] It's 'Ok Google'. Do you really say those two words together outside of voice recognition interactions? Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Did you bother to read the comment I was replying to? Damodara Kovie [dkovie] I feel a fool. My apologies, good sir. enoch861 At least those sound much much better than Ok, Google. catalysto Yes, "Alexa" is very easy to say and makes it feel like I'm talking to an actual person. "OK, Google" is awkward and alienating, at best. Matt Cortana is probably the best name actually. It's easy to say and is different enough that you shouldn't get a lot of false positives. I imagine Alexa could get annoying in households where someone is named Alexa, Alexis, possibly even Alex. wjrandon I'm tired of saying "ok google" as well. Marko Šaric Yeah. I wish that could be changed. At least "Hey Google!", as was shown at Google io. Lateef Alabi-Oki You can use "Hey Google" also. XerBlade At which point tech podcasters everywhere will have to find a new substitute phrase to use when they want to talk about it without activating the devices of everyone listening en masse. Lateef Alabi-Oki Hopefully, the voice training technology improves in these devices so that only registered voices can trigger the hotword. blassster And they need to tie the person's registered voice and query to the proper Google account. Custom hotwords per user would help. Lateef Alabi-Oki I believe Dieter Bohn said they were working on that in today's Verge podcast. If true, that'd be really neat. blassster I've never had this problem after they rolled out the training model part of the setup so long ago. XerBlade I never had that problem until they did that. Actually, they rolled out the training part of the setup alongside the "OK Google everywhere" feature. Neither existed before the other. So I highly doubt very many people had the issue BEFORE they rolled out the training model part of the setup, because they would literally have to be sitting either on the Google Now screen or (in the case of Nexus devices only at the time) on the home screen at the time when the hotword was heard, the chances of which are kinda low. blassster Oh, I thought the training model came later. I remember after training it (or, probably re-training it if you are correct) that it was solved. Early on for me it was the worst! youareme7 really? that's a Home thing I missed? I mean I want custom but at least hey google rolls off a little easier than ok google. Lateef Alabi-Oki I doubt they'd make it customizable since "Ok, Google" is free marketing and brand awareness for them. youareme7 Yeah, don't disagree but still a bummer, that syllable salad is a minor annoyance Lateef Alabi-Oki Yeah, I can see how it may be difficult to pronounce for non-English speakers. Maison Pulaski I doubt they would change the name of their flagship phone because _Nexus_ is free.... Oh wait.... Nevermind. Lateef Alabi-Oki You're right. This is Google we're talking about. We might wake up tomorrow and the hotword would be "Hey, Giri". By the way they're going to change the name of the Google Cast app to Google Home. Not confusing at all. Arthur J. hey google doesn't work Tuck Choate You don't have a Google home to test it on, yet, do you? Arthur J. I was speaking about Nexus Tuck Choate This discussion is about Google home. Arthur J. yeah, but why the command would be this on a device and that on another Tuck Choate It's primarily a voice device. AP even did an article on an APK breakdown on how they might give more control to users for voice actions. http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/08/19/google-app-v6-3-suggests-google-assistant-may-launch-limited-language-support-expands-user-defined-actions-apk-teardown/ Arthur J. Forgot that one, that would so nice if they expand it to all devices. As Youareme7 said, 'OK' an extra syllable and "hey" would be more discreet. Especially when you say in English US in a non english country Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Yes, but more syllables was purposeful. More syllables makes it easier for the software to understand and gives you fewer false positives. Ryan Hey google works, I have one. Its not as reliable as OK google though. Lateef Alabi-Oki I believe "Hey, Google" worked in the demos. I may be wrong though, but I thought it did. Arthur J. I didn't payed attention to that Matt It just worked on my phone. 6p YaKillaCJ Just worked on my watch too. Hey Google is a lot more natural than ok Google. Still should be able to name your device. It's only natural since U can nickname/hotkey people. That way my Phone, Remote (older phone), Tablet, Watch, and now Home doesn't go off at once. drksilenc It does work i use it at home all the time. It doesnt work from cell phone which is done on purpose so you dont get multiple google devices activating at the same time. Justin W Hey Google works for me with my phone. Not sure if it's me just not saying it clearly enough or if it's actually a supported hotword though. Marko Šaric Works for me too (just tried it out). On my g watch and Nexus 5x. Cool. Markus Ressel Still kind of awkward imo dhamp2g Pretty silly reason to me, but to each his own. Marko Šaric Will Google Home work in Europe? (By Europe I mean Croatia). Lateef Alabi-Oki No, because the EU will find an excuse to sanction them for another monopoly abuse claim. Marko Šaric Seriously though. I was thinking about getting one. But I would like to know if I could actually use the thing and not just admire it. Lateef Alabi-Oki I think it's US only for now. It might come to Europe next year. They probably want to get multilingual issues sorted out first before they introduce it in Europe. Marko Šaric That's a bit disappointing if true. I would use it in English anyway. Lars Jeppesen Of course it will work if you import it. I'm planning to.. Marko Šaric I'm planning to also. However, I would like to not pay 3 times the price after shipping and taxes. Any tips for import sites where you may have purchased items previously. I've never imported from the states, as I merely use Amazon.de or UK. Lars Jeppesen Why would you think that? You think it checks your location and refuses to work if outside the US? Lateef Alabi-Oki Nope. I'm just speculating. I could competely wrong. Gregory It might not be sold in Europe, but will it work in Europe? I also don't mind using it in English. Matt I want to know this too. I might get my US friend to bring one with him in December to the UK, if it's going to work that is. Lateef Alabi-Oki If Google Assistant works in Europe, and I believe it does, I see no reason why Google Home wouldn't. I doubt Google would deliberately region lock Home. Jens Törnblad It doesn't work with Android TV? RedPandaAlex I'm pretty sure they confirmed that it will worth with Android TV using the Google Cast feature. Lateef Alabi-Oki It works with any Google Cast enabled device, including Android TV. Christofftofferson I assumed it would as android tv is a Chromecast receiver. komal You have a nice post and i liked very much http://www.printablecalendar2017.us/2016/07/march-2017-calendar.html XerBlade It will cast to an Android TV device, yes, but you can't use it (yet) to control the Android TV interface with voice commands like you can with one of the Android TV voice remotes. So it's kinda halfway supported. 2×4 Missing: - 8tracks? - TP-Link Kasa? - Ecobee? Lazy Tango All my standing lights are connected through TP-Link Kasa... Partially because Alexa connects to it, but mostly because I can't afford Hue lights. 2×4 in my case, I use Kasa because solutions that require a hub haven't worked reliably enough for me. CUEBALL Same here. Hope Kasa integrates with Home in the near future. Kevin Sauer No Ecobee? No Caseta Wireless Lutron? The smarthome space is so annoying right now. "Buy this thing! It may work with some other stuff. I dunno. Good luck." wjrandon "Ok Google, start the Rooma"? Kevin Sauer Sure that sounds good Philip Worthington Maybe, although I suspect what you got would be closer to this... https://youtu.be/g8v6cZ21vlc thomasguide2 Shouldn't the roomba be starting by itself? Phoenix I see what you did there Fatty Bunter You can do this with a Harmony Hub and IFTTT right now by issuing the appropriate IR command for a given voice keyword. Obviously that requires more $, but hey it's possible. enoch861 This is why you just buy the Echo. It works with mostly everything. catalysto Yeah, except the Amazon ecosystem is nowhere near as robust as Google's (e.g., Calendar, Maps, et cetera). Amazon has the upper hand on hardware integration at the moment, but I have no doubt that Google will quickly catch up -- especially with this fairly impressive launch list (remember Echo launched with none). Matt Maps "Ok Google, Navigate to the store." "You're in your house dumbfuck, but here's a map to the store on your TV." catalysto So... What exactly is your point? You know Alexa doesn't have this information, right? Cory S it actually can do all those things. Albeit badly, but it does. cabbieBot best comment on AP possibly ever. Brandon V. Fletcher Echo's support grew over time. So will Google Home's. Hector Diaz I have 3 echo so with Smartthings. Really like it but echo is not that smart. shadowdude777 It really bugs me that Play Music doesn't work with the Echo. And this is ALL GOOGLE'S FAULT. If they would just expose an API like Spotify does, we could have support for Play Music everywhere that we have Spotify. I'd ditch Play Music today, because Spotify has a better desktop client, better social features, an app that isn't a lagfest, and better family pricing now, but I'd lose out on Play Music's ability to upload my own tracks, which is sadly quite important to me. :( Cory S Amazon blocks Chromecast products from even being sold on their store, and you think they would work well with Google on this? BRB I need to get back to watch Prime video on my TV....oh wait its Android TV and I cant because actively AMAZON BLOCKS IT. shadowdude777 Amazon doesn't have to do ANYTHING if Google didn't provide such a bad service with a locked-down API; that's the point. If there were a Play Music API, a third-party dev could write the Echo Skill that integrates with it, with no work on Amazon's part. All of these walled gardens are infuriating; Google needs to learn to play nice with other ecosystems. It would solve a lot of their problems if they just made it possible to integrate their services with other systems. Andy J Did you really just suggest that Google doesn't open up everything they can for developers? You have seen https://developers.google.com/apis-explorer/#p/ right? shadowdude777 You're joking, right? Are you really defending them and saying that "they're doing the best they can"? If they were opening up everything they can for developers, why is there no music API? Spotify has one. Why is there no Hangouts API? Why is there no Allo API? These are all services that NEED APIs to be taken seriously. Give me one good reason why they can't expose an API for these services. Andy J OK - well..... Hangouts & Allo = proprietary, just like WhatsApp doesn't have an API, Facebook messenger doesn't have an API. The music service doesn't have an API for any number of reasons ranging from - they don't want to expose the service via an API to - the contracts they have agreed with the studios and labels may well disallow it, don't make the mistake that all the music services have identical agreements with the labels because that is far from the case. Finally - don't fall in to the trap that every service under the sun should/does have an API - Netflix doesn't provide an API allowing you to consume their paid for content outside of the Netflix ecosystem. Amazon TV doesn't have an API allowing you to consume their video content outside of their service. shadowdude777 Google Talk used standards (XMPP) while Hangouts doesn't, and Allo doesn't. Yes, other walled gardens also don't provide APIs, but you shouldn't pretend that Google is some bastion of developer/consumer-friendliness when they're just as bad as every other company that thinks they're above playing nice with others. Slack has an API, Discord has an API, Telegram has an API etc. There's no way that Google was able to negotiate an agreement allowing for a feature like users uploading their own songs to Play Music, but not negotiate an agreement allowing for API access for premium members like Spotify has. This is a decision they made, considering they obviously have the pull to make an API happen if they actually cared. Yes, video streaming services don't provide APIs, and I'm not asking for Google to open up a Play Movies streaming API. But Play Music has no reason not to have one, nor do Google's multiple failing messenger apps. Andy J "Yes, video streaming services don't provide APIs, and I'm not asking for Google to open up a Play Movies streaming API." This is my point - why? Why aren't you asking for that? Your entire argument is that Google don't have enough APIs - why stop at demanding Play Music? I'm not saying Google should not open up an Play Music API - there is obviously something because there are unofficial apps that use an undocumented API - but why do you think it would be OK to not open up a video streaming API too - after all - YouTube has one, why shouldn't Play Movies - especially considering it uses YouTube on the backend anyway. Josh Hoffman How is the Spotify family pricing better than Google All Access? Play music 6 users for 14.99 plus Youtube Red. Spotify is 14.99 for 6 users but spotify only. shadowdude777 Didn't realize it was you + 5 people for Play Music, I thought it was 5 people total (so you + 4 people). Yeah, I guess GPM's pricing is better. Pranav Check IFTTT, they have a lot of connections that solve this issue Savage Alien Ecobee commands are HomeKit based. atlharry Not just HomeKit. Smartthings works as well so you could get to the Ecobee through Smartthings. Savage Alien Oh, okay. Thanks for clarifying that. youareme7 These are just the launch (pre-launch?) partners, it'll expand exponentially when they open it up in December. I use Wink for instance and I know they're working on it but weren't a "launch partner". dhamp2g They have some big ones on the list. It works with chrome cast, text , and Play music.....I'm in Lars Jeppesen Never heard of those products.... Ryan IFTTT gives you control over all of that. The setup kind of sucks, Ill admit, but the plus side you can customize the phrases that trigger things to something that is more "human" or fun. Kevin Sauer Thanks for your reply. I have already done all of that through IFTTT, but as you point out, it's a pain in the ass. I would prefer the manufacturers bake it into their product directly. YaKillaCJ @Ryan I did the same here. I just setup a lot using IFTTT, Pushbullet & Tasker. Sure U have to manually make the word commands but it works. Nothing like saying "Hey Google" and control nearly everything. Ryan Yeah, its definitely tedious. But odds are I will keep doing it after makers like Wemo and Lutron plug in because, what I have seen so far with 3rd party services, their actions are really limited. While I had to set it up its nice to be able to say "Hey Google, start a fire" to have it turn on my fireplace instead of something more literal. BAlGaInTl I paired mine with a Samsung SmartThings hub that was on sale for $50. I can control my Ecobee seamlessly through that. I don't think there is Lutron support yet though. MicroNix This is why Echo > Google Home right now and probably for some time. Android sites are hyping Google Home like its some great thing. It barely works with anything in a smart home right now. Let's revisit in a year or so. Until then, umm, no thanks. Gregg Long I hope Caseta comes through soon. A much better solution for lights that aren't table lamps. Gregg Long Yes much better - and they still offer a wall wart plug in for table lamps. And unlike solutions like Hue, you can use a caseta wall switch which works with regular decora plates to turn on and off the lights while still having retaining control through your app. With Wifi lights, when you turn them off at the switch your remote control turns off with them. eazyean1 Sonos? Lateef Alabi-Oki If you can connect the Audio Chromecast to Sonos, it might be able to work. I don't have a Sonos, but I heard someone talk about it on an IOT podcast yesterday. Christofftofferson Most of the sonos speakers don't have audio in jacks (only the play 5 does). Sonos does accept google cast from Google play if you have sonos on the android phone you're casting from. Also they annouced they're working with Alexa to get voice control in 2017... so hopefully they remain fairly agnostic between Google, Amazon and others. Lateef Alabi-Oki Honestly, I see no reason why Sonos can't write some actions for Google Assistant and Google Home. They'd be foolish not to, since it looks like Google wants Assistant and Home to be an open platform for developers. op12 They're definitely thinking about it, but who knows how long it'll be considering the Amazon Alexa integration took months... https://twitter.com/JohnLMacFarlane/status/733013734625415168 Benoit Bourdua Plex seems like something people would want to see there. Corbin Davenport If it had Plex support, at least for audio, I would buy one. Benoit Bourdua I play my music using Plex on Synology + Chromecast Audio. Not sure I'll buy one, but if there is no support for that combo it's a sure thing I won't. MicroNix Synology, what a great NAS. Worth every penny. Blake Mitchell I'm starting to regret getting a QNAP. komal You have a nice thought and very creative and awesome http://www.printablecalendar2017.us/2016/07/february-2017-calendar.html Soundjudgment Plex just finished its app update-release for iOS and iPhone/iPad. Google Home should be next. Morten Ulv Not before December when Actions on Google comes. Mike Marshall Senior director of Yahoo!, is telling visitors to start off "Work at home" practice, that People have been doing for more than a year now. This season only, I generated about $36k already with nothing but my laptop or computer as well as some leisure time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to five job. Even most people new at all to this, can make $50/per h undoubtedly and the income might be even very high in the long run... This is how i started >> http://adultadda.net/2Y3 Fatty Bunter WHAT ELSE DO YOU KNOW? TELL ME IMMEDIATELY. But seriously, this would be by far the biggest jump in capability for me and many others I know. Would love this so much, cant wait. Aaron Geier You can cast to the Google Home from the Plex app in Android. Chris McGrath they just released alexa support, i imagine google home isn't far behind it Mark555055 i would be shocked if Plex did not interface with Google home in the near future. Alinekgaray Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !ac474f: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !ac474f: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash664MarketStudyGetPay$97Hour... ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!ac474f:....,...... Matt I'd say they left it out so they could push their own stuff, but Play Movies isn't even on there. theProffer It sort of is because you can watch your purchases via YouTube iantrich There is a Plex service now named Flex TV Gabriel Dalposso "The speakers didn't go into detail" Ha! Was that a pun? SmashleyFC How does this differentiate accounts? Can anyone just add shit to my calendar? youareme7 as of today the best we know is it only supports one account. I'm guessing that'll change but who knows when Abhishek Saral Wait so if I am watching something on YouTube or listening to something on Spotify on an iPhone. And I say "Play this on my TV". Will it work? Even with an iPhone? Boolean Corporation Netflix or bust Angst They (At the event on October 4th) said that Netflix was already on-board with making integration in the 'very near' future JSo So anything that works with the Chromecast should work with the Nexus Player, right? João Dias So does this mean that Google keep is getting an api? :D Andrew Gallagher Any idea how it will work in a multiple Google account household? Andy J Yup....... until they implement something - you know - sensible.... currently you have to find out who is logged in, find them, ask them to log out (using their phone), log in and perform whatever it was you wanted to do (which you could of done 10 times over with just your phone by the time you get logged in to it). I wish they had resolved this issue BEFORE selling it.... scasmflop Video list seems a bit light... I would guess that Google Play Movies should be in there as well. I thought I remembered them calling up "Stranger Things" during the on stage demo to insinuate netflix also working in some capacity. Thomas Paulsen After the I/O event I was expecting that we would see some cunning home automation examples. Google is full of engineers that like to cook-up some awesome things. But we didn't see that. The only native home automation partner appears to be Nest. No word on the level of integration. Say an object moves into the Nest camera view. Let me see a live stream on my Android TV. Instead we are getting SmartThings support. SM had horrible latency at one point. So not only does my command have to go through Google but also through SM and back. Not to mention SM security concerns. No word on Brillo and Weave standards. Very concerning. I'd by a Google Home supported door lock right away. Smart door locks have been a disappointment so far actually. Defenestratus Smart things no longer has horrible latency. surethom Hopefully by the time Google Home comes to the UK next Summer or later, I hope Wemo & lifx are supported, & also able to select Hot word, even Hey Google is better than Ok Google. trent Why no voice calls over hangouts. Seems like a perfect use case. Oh right ... Hangouts is now a class B deprecated product! sasidhar79 any chance of Google Assistant becoming available for devices other than Pixel? Lars Jeppesen Allo MrCalifornia I wonder if there will be two user support. Would be awesome if it could recognize the difference between my wife and I and let us use different calendars, etc. steelew Whose user account does it use? In a house with 4 people, separation is a must. They haven't made any mention of it, so I'm guessing it's just one account. Andy J yup (at a time). Andy J I hope to see Logitech Media Center on here - it already supports Chromecasts so I expect they will do something..... Defenestratus I use a harmony hub through smartThings which is integrated with Home so I can control my heat pumps. Greg DePasse I (and 100's of others - https://goo.gl/KVWzkI) would like to know if Google Home (and Assistant for that matter) will work with GSuite accounts (the new Google Apps for Domain/Work etc). Assistant currently access personal details in Allo for instance, so it's not promising for those of us that pay for GSuite accounts for our families. mcdonsco Hopefully Google doesn't pull an Amazon and exclude ecobee because of nest; so far it looks that way :-/ Dn Bro I think you could try using ifttt Đức Thành Would love to see some good podcast apps on that list. TuneIn is "Meh". Beast TuneIn is great for internet radio, I use it all the time :) Đức Thành I used to use TuneIn frequently, but then Pocket Casts happened. It's not perfect but it offers a significantly better experience. You should give it a try. Defenestratus Google Play Music does podcasts. Đức Thành I'm aware, but it does not in my country. xanok No Ecobee? doom Alexa can turn the temperature up or down on a Nest but can't turn the heat or cool on if it is set to off. If Google Home can do that, I'll switch right away. Beast I expect since Google bought Nest they will have full app integration as part of Google Home :) Emanuele Ricci I would really love to see an integration with Netatmo. Do you know if Google home has open APIs so I will be able to develop by my self an integration? Wikiwix I really hope Inbox comes for reminders... royrov Hoping for PocketCasts Alinekgaray Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !ac474f: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !ac474f: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash664MarketStudyGetPay$97Hour... ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!ac474f:....,....... sam1331 Hey Android Police, how about an article about which outlet plugs work? I have a TP-Link, which works fine with their app, but I've been holding off on buying anything more until I know it's compatible with Google Home. Having to unlock my phone, open the app, and then change the lights is too many steps for me to do with a smart device like lights. dhamp2g People are All these services with with very small followings when compared to google Eco system many of which who have never heard of in the general from non tech community this is aimed at the general population bill875 Support for Insteon would be nice. I have SmartThings as well for my Schlage locks, but Insteon controls some of the lighting in my house. DongoDongo Not trying to be negative but, can someone remind me why you need to "aumotate" your home, especially by voice? I can probably toggle the switch more than 10 times before you're done with a voice command. Adam Margeson Are you asking about reality, or what they're trying to sell me? They're selling me the ability to turn on/off the lights from the couch without having to get up. Not having to get up is not worth my health or however much they want for this and a couple of "smart lights". Beast Or in fact the total home automation, i.e. when you leave the house the lights turn off, when you come back they turn on, music can start to play when you come home, etc, etc. It isn't about convenience, it is about a new technological era.... :) Marko Šaric Is this an intentional oversimplification? Adam Margeson A little bit. I use Tasker to do all sorts of little automations of settings or interactions on my phone. But I'm not the average person - I like taking time to tweak and program things to make future interaction easier for myself. Most people aren't that enthusiastic about programming automation or will get frustrated with setting up rules that fit most situations properly. Example: "Arm my alarm system when I leave the house" -> the wife is still home when you walk out, the system still arms itself. "Do what I mean, not what I say," is something that comes to mind for how users want automation to work. When computer AI and sensing technology get to a much better state, we might be able to do that, but right now, proper automation takes a *lot* of patience to set up. Marko Šaric Fair enough. Defenestratus Because I can turn lights on and off without leaving my chair. For example, I Just told my Google Home "Hey Google turn on the christmas tree" and voila, its on. Its equally as useful when you want to turn on a whole room full of lights at the same time. in my Kitchen I have four different light switches that I'd need to tap in order to turn on all the lights. Instead I just say "Ok Google turn on all the kitchen lights" and bam. On. Likewise its great for dimming them. "Hey google dim the kitchen lights to 25%" Letting the dog out the back door, I go "OK google, turn on all the outside lights" turns on all of the fixtures outside. Now that I've lived with it for a few months, I don't know how I lived without it. (I have all of my switches linked through SmartThings) Leonardo Baez You don't "need" Its an option. Think of that disabled people who can switch lights, set temperature o turn on a tv just with their voice Tucker Sferro how convenient for Google that my Nexus 6 Google now voice activation from any screen is no longer available!! it visibly toggles itself off in settings, and other Nexus 6 owners have had the same issue for quite some time now. Beast Would be nice to get Hive integration, proper Cast to Sonos would be the selling point for me. Angus Marshall Your list is out of date already... Gerardo Sarabia Now if only they unified Assistant on Home and the Pixel... not gonna happen. Gotta keep things as inconsistent as possible, because Google. ChilZeg what kind of unification are you thinking??? Gerardo Sarabia Having the option of controlling other devices (chromecast, chromecast audio or chromecast built-in devices, for example) with Assistant on Pixel. Stenso Has anyone figured out how to use Reminders? "Okay Google, remind me to take the dog out?" "Okay, when would you like to be reminded? Say a place or time." "When I arrive home." "Your reminder has been set." Jon Fridman You can't use reminders via Google Home yet. I'm sure it's being worked on for a future release, or at least I hope so. Stenso This really disappointed me. I just kind of assumed this would work since it has Keep and Calendar hooks. It was a big reason I jumped ship from Echo. Fingers crossed it makes it in soon. Jon Fridman Due to an NDA I can't really comment on what Google is planning for the home in that regard. I have high hopes for my Google home and it's future abilities. BierKerl Doesn't your dog remind you to take it out quite aggressively when you get home? ;-) Leonardo Baez Lol 😂 Alec M Mine has serious issues streaming Netflix on my Asus Nexus Player. Has anyone else had the same experience with maybe a Roku or something similar? madmaglio Works fine with my gen 1 chromecast. The Home just start the stream. It's the device that would be having the issue. Alec M Yeah, I have some friends that have the small chromecasts and they work fine. I have a feeling that the issue is having a device that has Netflix as a standalone app installed. Bill Anderson Shouldn't Android TV be on this list? I know it's kind of covered by Chromecast, but then it wasn't supported until a day ago. Garrett Penfield Mine STILL doesn't work with Spotify... mrlex You spelt Philips wrong (only one l) YaKillaCJ Enabling IFTTT was a big 1. Thru this I am able to use Google Home to control Hook Automation which controls any RF device. It's making me spoiled. Vladimir Only Murica. Right? Any rumors when should it come overseas? Adam Carl Aren't you forgetting Uber? I can link my Uber account to my home Abhinav You can ask question on Quora too. JG Is there a way to get it to prefer one service over another? I haven't linked Netflix to the account the Home in the living room is connected to. Yet when I asked it to play "How the Grinch Stole Christmas" it only looks on Netflix for it. It use to have no problem pulling the album from Google Play Music (which is linked to the account). [The album BTW is basically an audio book if you don't have any video casting devices online] I got it to work after specifying GPM, but that's a bit of a mouth full. And since there is me Netflix account linked to it... Shouldn't it attempt to use an it has access to first? madmaglio I think if you say "listen to..." i think it will assume its music and not the film and use Play Music. Gregg Long There is a serious bug going on with Nest Thermostats. The Google Home can't find it - keeps saying it's unavailable. Even though Google Now can control it fine when you are out of the house. shayden Google home + Smartthings + Harmony Hub + IFTT for custom commands is all the home control I could ever want. I have an HDMI matrix and 4 TVs. I can just say "ok google set the secondary TV to Xbox" or "ok google set the sound to chromecast". And of course I can control all the lighting with my voice. And the one thing for me that puts google home far above the echo is my ability to play whole home audio with google home and chromecast audios. "ok google play my favorite music on first floor". Boom, done. PerhapsNever Ooooohhhh!!! How are you doing the input commands? I've been DYING to figure out how to expose actual Harmony controls to my GH. My setup is 3 Harmony Hubs, ST, Hue lights, and IFTTT. shayden You use IFTTT to bridge the home and the hub. The catch is whatever command you are trying to accomplish with the harmony hub has to be an activity. so I have made a ton of different activities just to do simple things like switch inputs or adjust volume. You setup IFTTT using google assistant as the "if". You can choose whatever activation command you want and can also put in different ways of saying it as well as a custom response back from the google home. you make the "then" the harmony activity that you want to run once the custom command is heard. PerhapsNever Ahhhh, gotcha. I only have about 5 activities on each of my hubs, but I never thought about making activities for a single action. GENIUS! Thanks for the reply! shayden I recommend using the desktop app vs the phone app when setting up all the activities. much easier and quicker to work with a mouse and keyboard. NoConcussion The Google Home app has been updated to include more than 50 "service" apps. Too many to list and probably memorize. Apps like games, psychotherapist, search capability, local events, social media, language training, news trends, pizza ordering, personal trainer and more. abc I'll check out Home in a few years. Let the fanboys do the full-retail price beta testing. dhamp2g Love to. Vandale Gentry You can order Domino's pizza from the Google Home! PorchSong BTW, it's "Continually" updated, not "continuously." But thank you for maintaining this list. Emanuele Ricci Still waiting for Netatmo :'( Abdulgader Badkook You forgot to mention akinator. It is available by saying "let me speak to akinator" Shahul Hameed Akbar Why isn't Shield not listed in streaming devices? I am able to cast music and YT videos from Google Home to it since December. Kevin Brosseau So the New Shield is not supported yet with casting Netflix to the box? Ruperto17 Netflix does not work with Google TV, only Chromecast at the moment. Google Home will tell me if I try to send anything to my Nexus Player. pookietookie Google Home can set calendar reminders now? dcdttu Do the Honeywell thermostats require SmartThings? (As in, are they Z-Wave?) If so, should they be a subset of SmartThings? If not, nvrmnd. Artem Russakovskii No, they're just Wi-Fi, like Nest. dcdttu Well that makes sense then. :-) Now I'm just waiting patiently for Wink to get the green light. Roy So am I missing something or is Android TV seriously not supported? Kostas 💪🎩 It's Bang & Olufsen James Ogle You've added Belkin Wemo, but it doesn't support their lightbulbs. Only their switches and power outlets. I've tried it, it doesn't recognise the Wemo Link hub or anything connected to it. bigwill_420 I see they didn't bother putting nvidia shield tv on the list. 😢 Leonardo Baez How do I use the services? mustbepbs Still can't add time to an existing timer. keithzg Remains only available in the US and UK. Dammit, Google, Canada is right here, on the same continent, and if you were worried about the spelling of "colour" on the packaging or something then you've already handled that with the UK, so what's the delay? iantrich You're missing quite a few services and iHeartRadio is already integrated Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 14 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 203 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 4 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 28 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 66 1 Year Ago Today Amazon Updates Its Policies To Ban USB Type-C Cables That Are Not Fully Spec Compliant 2016/03/29 8:29pm PDTMar 29, 2016 95 2 Years Ago Today Upbeat Monsters Icon Pack Fills Your Homescreen With Adorable Googly-Eyed Apps 2015/03/29 11:57am PDTMar 29, 2015 79 3 Years Ago Today Rumor: Google Now Will Help You Remember, Pay Your Bills [APK Teardown] 2014/03/29 11:55am PDTMar 29, 2014 69 4 Years Ago Today [New App] BBQScreen Mirrors Your Display On A Computer At 25FPS (Root Only) 2013/03/29 7:31pm PDTMar 29, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today WSJ: Google To Open Online Store This Year, Will Sell Tablets Independently Of Retailers (Perhaps With The Launch Of Jellybean) 2012/03/29 8:56pm PDTMar 29, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today Get Your Credit Cards Ready - Android In-App Billing System Now Live (P.S. Devs, No More Separate Lite/Paid Apps, Please) 2011/03/29 8:34pm PDTMar 29, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Upgrade Your Android Phone's External Storage With A-Data Turbo 16GB Class 6 MicroSD Card - Review And Benchmarks 2010/03/29 11:15pm PDTMar 29, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 63 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 105 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 63 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 105 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 115 queries | 0.542s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Apps  |  News  | Truecaller partners with Airtel, ICICI, and Google Duo Truecaller partners with Airtel, ICICI, and Google Duo The partnership with Airtel will bring Truecaller app to feature phones in India By: Priyanka Dua Updated: Tuesday, March 28, 2017, 17:22 [IST] The Stockholm, Sweden-based company, Truecaller has announced Truecaller 8 with a completely new redesign and new features like SMS, flash messaging, and Truecaller Pay. The company has also announced three partnership ie Google, ICICI and with the country's largest telecom service provider, Airtel. According to Alan Mamedi, CEO and Co-founder, Truecaller said, "Spam SMS account for 15 percent of all SMS messages sent globally, and represents 1.2 trillion spam messages each year. On average every spam call is about 40 seconds long, so we will help save a lot of time." "We are venturing into a territory that goes beyond knowing who is calling, but once again, it's an adventure that touches millions of users." Truecaller users can also send flash messages with two taps-send quick pre-defined messages to any Truecaller user to let them know if they are stuck in traffic, or send them their location, or that they have reached home. The partnership with Airtel will bring Truecaller app to feature phones in India, while a new Truecaller payments service has been announced in collaboration with ICICI bank and Google Duo has been integrated into the Truecaller app, allowing users to make video calls directly from it. All feature phone users with Airtel mobile service can now use "Airtel Truecaller ID" to see who's calling. This first of its kind service is set to provide online experience to offline users, helping them take the right call and to make their communication safer and more efficient. This subscription-based service that will ease a user's life from unwanted spam calls without having to subscribe to data service or buying a smartphone. Raj Pudipeddi, Director of Consumer Business & Chief Marketing Officer at Airtel said, "Airtel and Truecaller will enable millions of feature phone users to enjoy a 'smartphone like' experience in offline mode and add to their mobile experience. We hope this partnership will encourage other global developers to innovate for the feature phone segment, which still forms a large part of the overall market in countries like India." As per IDC, about 65 percent of India's more than one billion mobile phone subscribers still use feature phones, providing more opportunities as ever for users to explore the world of Truecaller. The company has also announced a new service called Truecaller Pay, where Android users in India can now send or receive money securely over their mobile phone, thanks to a new partnership with ICICI Bank. "This is based on the feedback received from the market that users wanted to be able to make a transaction straight from their Truecaller app, said Nami Zarringhalam chief security officer and co-founder of Truecaller. The users will be able to create their unique Virtual Payment Address (VPA) in the app, and can instantly send or receive money using any Unified Payments Interface (UPI) supported bank. In addition, users can also do prepaid and postpaid recharges. This feature will be available to the ICICI & non-ICICI users as well. The service powered by ICICI bank is absolutely secure and follows two-factor authentication as per RBI guidelines. SEE ALSO: Airtel started the trial version of VoLTE According to Abonty Banerjee, senior general manager, and head, digital channels, ICICI Bank: "We are delighted to offer our UPI platform to Truecaller which is one of India's most widely used mobile application. With this new service, users will get the benefit of making quick and easy payments to any mobile number registered with the BHIM app, thereby enabling them to reach out to a wider section of people. Additionally, users can also undertake payments for utility services such as pre-paid recharges and postpaid mobile bills at the click of a button. We believe this association shall make UPI payments seamless for a larger audience and will also play a crucial role in strengthening the government's 'Digital India' mission." Truecaller has also tied up with Google for a global partnership to improve video calling. In this Google Duo, Google's video calling service will be integrated within the Truecaller app. Truecaller integration with Google Duo will be available in the coming months for Android and iOS as a permission-based service, where users will be able to opt-in and out at any time. "Video calling should work for everybody, regardless of what platform they are on. Our aim is to make video calling simple, fast, and available to everyone," said Amit Fulay, head, Google Duo. "These partnerships will make Truecaller a one-stop shop for all communication and will help Truecaller evolve from an app to a platform, said Zarringhalam. The company said that "Truecaller integration with Google Duo will be available in the coming months for Android and iOS as a permission-based service, where users will be able to opt-in and out at any time." Read More About telecom news | truecaller | airtel | google Story first published: Tuesday, March 28, 2017, 16:31 [IST] Other articles published on Mar 28, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Android co-creator teases a new bezel less smartphone on Twitter iOS 10.3 macOS, watchOS and tvOS updates released Jio Prime vs Airtel offers: Which one is best for you? Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Microsoft offers new calling features to Skype for Business Galaxy S8 have been launched: A threat to the high-end smartphones Apple now rejects app with price in their name Xiaomi files patent for a foldable smartphone; Samsung has a rival BSNL and Nokia to develop 5G ecosystem in India Aircel app witnesses 20% surge in downloads in the last quarter HTC U with Edge Sense launch pegged for April How Android Nougat protects you from Ransomware Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ launched: Features, Specifications and more Micromax Dual 5 with 13+13MP dual rear camera launched at Rs. 24,999 Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Type to Search Flight Cars Culture Home How To Military Science Reviews Reviews Apps Gadgets Gear Tools Space Technology The Code Subscribe Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Podcasts Newsletter Popular Mechanics STEM Experience Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ pinterest youtube instagram Promotions Win Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter PopMech Follow Us On Pinterest Popular Mechanics Page-1 Cars How To Adventure Tech Flight Follow Subscribe Give A Gift Digital Edition Get Smart Learn to Code on the Cheap With This Complete Guide PM_Logo Created with Sketch. 110 Predictions For the Next 110 Years It's never easy to predict the future. But as PM's 110th anniversary celebration draws to a close, we've decided to try. Here are 110 ambitious ideas for the decades ahead. More From The Best of Popular Mechanics 17 articles How to Parallel Park The 100 Hottest Cars of All Time 75 Mobile Games You Should Be Playing Right Now Getty Author Copy Created with Sketch. By PM Editors Dec 10, 2012 2012—2022 · People will be fluent in every language. With DARPA and Google racing to perfect instant translation, it won't be long until your cellphone speaks Swahili on your behalf. · Software will predict traffic jams before they occur. Using archived data, roadside sensors, and GPS, IBM has come up with a modeling program that anticipates bumper-to-bumper congestion a full hour before it begins. Better yet, the idea proved successful in early tests—even on the Jersey Turnpike. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below · Climate-controlled jackets will protect soldiers from extreme heat and cold. The secret to all-weather clothing, according to former MIT student Kranthi Vistakula, is Peltier plates, which can be used to warm you up or cool you down by sending an electric current across the junction between two different metals. U.S. soldiers have put the lightweight tech to the test. So have soldiers in India. Based on early reviews, it won't be long until others enlist. More From The Best of Popular Mechanics 17 articles How to Parallel Park The 100 Hottest Cars of All Time 75 Mobile Games You Should Be Playing Right Now The 51 Coolest Trucks Of All Time The 100 Best Sci-Fi Movies of All Time · Nanoparticles will make chemotherapy far more effective. By delivering tiny doses of cisplatin and docetaxel right to cancerous cells, the mini messengers will significantly reduce the pain and side effects of today's treatments. · Electric cars will roam (some) highways. Who says you can't road-trip in a Tesla? In a few years, the 1350-mile stretch of Interstate 5 spanning Washington, Oregon, and California will be lined with fast-charging stations—each no more than 60 miles apart. In some areas you will find stations to the east and west too. Don't get any bright ideas, though. If you try to cross the country, you won't get much farther than Tucson. · Athletes will employ robotic trainers. Picture a rotor-propelled drone that tracks a pattern on your T-shirt with an onboard camera. Now imagine it flying in front of you at world-record pace. That's just the start—a simple concept developed by researchers in Australia. · Bridges will repair themselves with self-healing concrete. Invented by University of Michigan engineer Victor Li, the new composite is laced with microfibers that bend without breaking. Hairline fractures mend themselves within days when calcium ions in the mix react with rainwater and carbon dioxide to create a calcium carbonate patch. · Digital "ants" will protect the U.S. power grid from cyber attacks. Programmed to wander networks in search of threats, the high-tech sleuths in this software, developed by Wake Forest University security expert Errin Fulp, leave behind a digital trail modeled after the scent streams of their real-life cousins. When a digital ant designed to perform a task spots a problem, others rush to the location to do their own analysis. If operators see a swarm, they know there's trouble. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below · Scrolls will replace tablets. Researchers have already reproduced words and images on thin plastic digital displays. If they want those displays to compete with the iPad, they need to fine-tune the color and refine the screens so you can put your feet up and watch LeBron throw down on YouTube. Your Car Will Be Truly Connected · It will communicate with traffic lights to improve traffic flow. · It will interact with other vehicles to prevent accidents. · It will let you drag and drop a playlist from your home network. · It will find the gas station with the deepest discount and handle the payment. · It will notify you when someone dents your door and supply footage of the incident. • As we branch out as a species, it's quite reasonable to think that we'll send 3D printers to other planets to print habitats for humans prior to our arrival. — Dave Evans, Chief Technology Officer and Resident Futurist, Cisco Systems · Your genome will be sequenced before you are born. Researchers led by Jay Shendure of the University of Washington recently reconstructed the genome of a fetus using saliva from the father and a blood sample from the mother (which yielded free-floating DNA from the child). Blood from the umbilical cord later confirmed that the sequencing was 98 percent accurate. Once the price declines, this procedure will allow us to do noninvasive prenatal testing. · Radiation sickness will be cured by injection. Thanks to interest from the Department of Defense, several treatment options are now vying for FDA approval. In clinical trials, one of them, Ex-Rad, has not only prevented long-term cell damage but also promoted bone marrow recovery. · That car part you need will be sculpted inside a 3D printer. Dentists are already using this modern tech wonder to transform laser scans of your mouth into custom-fit appliances for your teeth. But that's a fraction of what the machine can do. When a 3D printer costs the same as, say, an HDTV, you will use one of your own to download all sorts of useful things, marveling as it creates each item layer by layer from plastic, rubber, titanium—you name it. Just imagine your future self printing a birthday cake, a Rolex, or a catalytic converter for the car. In time you'll even be able to download prescription medicine. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below · Drugs will be tested on "organ chips" that mimic the human body. Now undergoing trials in 15 research institutions, the new silicon chips feature channels that house living kidney or lung cells, above. Simulated blood and oxygen flow allows them to mirror the actions of real organs, reducing the need for animal testing and speeding up drug development—in the midst of a pandemic, that would be crucial. · Passwords will be obsolete. IBM says it will happen in five years. Who are we to disagree? Apple and Google are designing face-recognition software for cellphones. DARPA is researching the dynamics of keystrokes. Others are looking into retinal scans, voiceprints, and heartbeats. The big question, it seems, is what will you do with all that time you used to spend dreaming up new ways to say JZRulz24/7! Most Popular · Car tires will be brewed by bacteria. Isoprene—a key ingredient in rubber—is produced naturally by many plants but not at great enough volume to keep pace with the world's demand for tires. It can also be extracted from oil. But biotech firm Genencor has engineered E. coli microbes that produce gobs of the stuff as a by-product of metabolizing plant sugars. Goodyear, a partner in the study, is already testing prototypes of these bio-isoprene tires. · Self-cleaning buildings will help us fight smog. When sunlight strikes their aluminum skin, a titanium dioxide coating releases free radicals, which break down the grime and convert toxic nitrogen oxide molecules in the air into a harmless nitrate. Everything washes away in the rain. · Your clothes will clean themselves too. Engineers in China have developed a titanium dioxide coating that helps cotton shed stains and eliminate odor-producing bacteria. To revive your lucky shirt after a night of poker, you need only step into the sun. · Drones will protect endangered species. Guarding at-risk animals from poachers with foot patrols is expensive and dangerous. This summer rangers in Nepal's Chitwan National Park previewed a savvy solution: Hand-launched drones armed with cameras and GPS provided aerial surveillance of threatened Indian rhinos. · Data will be measured in zettabytes. According to the International Data Corporation, the volume of digital content created on the planet in 2010 exceeded a zettabyte for the first time in history. By the end of this year, the annual figure will have reached 2.7 zettabytes. What exactly does a zettabyte look like? Well, if each byte were a grain of sand, the sum total would allow you to build 400 Hoover Dams. · Rescuers will use electronic noses to locate disaster victims. Some devices will use an array of sensors to rapidly detect carbon dioxide, ammonia, and acetone released into the rubble via breath, sweat, and skin. Others sniff out chemical compounds from human remains buried 3 feet underground. All keep working long after the dogs have retired to their kennels. · Genetic testing will be used to halt epidemics. A year ago, investigators at the National Human Genome Research Institute teamed with doctors in Maryland to track the outbreak of a deadly bacterial infection. The big breakthrough? Real-time genome sequencing, which helped them identify minute mutations in the microbe, determine how it spread, and quickly stop it. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below · Vaccines will wipe out drug addiction. The human immune system is supremely adept at detecting and neutralizing foreign substances. Why not train it to target illicit ones? That's the idea behind addiction vaccines: Persuade the body to produce antibodies that shut down drug molecules before they get to the brain. The concept works in mice. Human trials are under way. · Smart homes will itemize electric, water, and gas bills by fixture and appliance. Shwetak Patel, a 30-year-old MacArthur Fellow, is working on low-cost sensors that monitor electrical variations in power lines to detect each appliance's signature. He has already used pressure changes to do the same for gas lines and water pipes. It's up to you to pinpoint where the savings lie. · Vegetarians and carnivores will dine together on synthetic meats. We're not talking about tofu. We're talking about nutritious, low-cost substitutes that look and taste just like the real thing. Twitter co-founder Biz Stone has already invested in Beyond Meat, which makes plant-based chicken strips so convincing they almost fooled New York Times food writer Mark Bittman. 2023—2062 · Contact lenses will grant us Terminator vision. When miniaturization reaches its full potential, achieving superhuman eyesight will be as simple as placing a soft lens on your eye. Early prototypes feature wirelessly powered LEDs. But circuits and antennas can also be grafted onto flexible polymer, enabling zooming, night vision, and visible data fields. · Checkups will be conducted by cellphone. The technology is no problem. Scientists are hard at work trying to perfect apps that can measure your heart and respiration rates, perform blood and saliva tests—even evaluate your cough. Question is how long will it take the medical industry to embrace them. · All 130 million books on the planet will be digitized. In 2010 Google planned to complete the job by decade's end, but as of March it still had 110 million tomes to go, so we're adding wiggle room. You might use the time to shop for storage, because given today's options and the average size of an e-book (3 MB), you'll need 124 3-terabyte drives to carry the library of humanity with you. It won't fit into a backpack, but it's small enough to schlep in a hockey bag. · Nurse Jackie will be a robot. By 2045, when seniors (60-plus) outnumber the planet's youth (15 and under) for the first time in history, hospitals will use robots to solve chronic staffing issues. Expect to find the new Nightingales lifting patients and pushing food carts. Engineers at Purdue University are thinking even bolder—designing mechanical scrub nurses that respond to hand gestures during surgery. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below · Supersonic jets will return—for good this time. The limit on supersonic flight is not one of engineering but of economics. Aircraft that break the speed of sound guzzle fuel, so new jet engines will have to be efficient. One solution—the pulse detonation engine, which uses a fuel—air mixture—was tested at the Mojave Air & Space Port in 2008. By 2030 a successor will power that fabled 2-hour hop from New York to London. Your Home Will Be Truly Connected · The refrigerator will place your grocery order. · The carpet will detect intruders and summon help if you fall. · Lawn sensors will tell you which part of your yard to fertilize. Most Popular · The electric meter will monitor local power consumption and help you make full use of off-peak rates. · The thermostat will learn your preferences and adjust the climate in each room as soon as you enter. • Within 30 years humans will begin augmenting their brains by plugging the power of tomorrow's cellphones directly into their heads. — Shawn Carlson, founder of the Society for Amateur Scientists · Highways will handle three times as many cars. According to researchers at Columbia University, vehicles driven by humans use at best 5 percent of a highway's road surface at any given time. If we let technology take the wheel, we could significantly increase the volume of traffic. In one example, Volvo's semiautonomous road train wirelessly connects a stream of cars to a truck driven by a professional. The self-driving cars mimic the speed and steering of the lead vehicle, safely decreasing the gaps while increasing fuel efficiency. · Farmers will grow caffeine-free coffee beans. Taking caffeine out of coffee is no easy chemical feat, which is why decaf lacks the rich flavor of the high-test stuff. After years of research, Brazilian scientists have discovered a mutant strain of coffee that's naturally low in caffeine. They won't rest until they learn how to remove every last drop of the sleep-retarding stimulant. · Supercomputers will be the size of sugar cubes. The trick is to redesign the computer chip. Instead of the standard side-by-side model in use today, IBM researchers believe they can stack and link tomorrow's chips via droplets of nanoparticle-infused liquid. This would eliminate wires and draw away heat. What it won't do is help you remember where you left your tiny computer before you went to bed. • We will find life beyond Earth. There's a horse race going on right now, and one of those horses is going to cross the finish line in the next two decades. — Seth Shostak, senior astronomer, SETI · A virtual lawyer will help you plan your estate. "I don't mean avatars," Cisco's Dave Evans says. "I mean virtual people—self-contained, thinking organisms indistinguishable from humans." Sounds crazy, right? But surely you've seen the magic of CGI. What's to say you can't attach a lifelike visage to an interface fronting the crowdsourced wisdom of the Internet? Give it a nice head of hair, teach it how to smile, and you're looking at a brilliant legal eagle with awesome people skills. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below · Vertical farms will feed cities. There will be 9 billion people on the planet in 2050, seven out of 10 of them in urban areas, and everyone's got to eat. Future food production will depend on farmscrapers that grow pesticide-free crops year-round—making it much simpler to eat local. · Connecticut will feed the world. To keep up with all the hungry mouths, we may just have to rethink food. The folks at tech startup Pronutria claim to have discovered an industrious single-cell organism that converts sunlight, CO2 and water into low-cost nutrients. It works in tight quarters too. Instead of a few thousand pounds of crops per acre a year, we'd be looking at 100,000, according to the company's research. In other words, the planet's protein could be produced in an area half the size of Connecticut. · Scientists will discover direct evidence of dark matter. It may account for 23 percent of the mass in the universe, yet we haven't confirmed that dark matter exists. Why? "It's like a hidden magnet," says Dr. Fred Calef of the Mars Science Laboratory. "You can see what it pulls but can't see the source." Theoretical physicist Michio Kaku believes the proof we seek could arrive within 15 years, helping us to unlock the origins of our universe, and maybe even open the door to another one. · Navy SEALs will be able to hold their breath for 4 hours. Advances in nanotechnology will help us overcome not only illness but also the limits of being human. For example, robotic red blood cells called respirocytes could each hold 200 times the oxygen of their natural counterparts, enabling a man on a mission to, say, hide out underwater for half a day without a scuba tank. · Tuna will be raised on farms. Ah, the bluefin—powerful, dangerous, graceful ... and delicious served raw. Long reproduction cycles and a migratory lifestyle make it hard to tame, though. Pioneering fish farms in Mexico are now raising the species, fattening tons of fish in massive underwater pens. Similar efforts are underway in the U.S., Japan, and the Mediterranean. 2063—2122 · Robots will rule the LV games! China started hosting the International Humanoid Robot Olympic Games in 2010, and inventor Dean Kamen is pushing for high-tech competitors in Rio de Janeiro in the summer of 2016. "The original Olympic skill sets were javelin throws, wrestling, and fighting skills that countries needed for defense," he says. "In the 21st century, sports should require modern skills like programming and mechanical prowess." We say let's get started. By 2100 we hope to design the android version of Michael Phelps. · The Pentagon will say goodbye to large submarines. With the steady improvement in sonar technology, our subs are already hard-pressed to evade detection. In the future, underwater robots with laser radar or other nonacoustic sensors will make the seas virtually transparent. So how will we deploy our nukes? Hypersonic missiles launched from our own shores will reach any target in the world within 1 hour. • We're all gonna die. — MythBusters host Jamie Hyneman · An ion engine will reach the stars. If you're thinking of making the trip to Alpha Centauri, pack plenty of snacks. At 25.8 trillion miles, the voyage requires more than four years of travel at light speed, and you won't be going nearly that fast. To complete the journey, you'll have to rely on a scaled-up version of the engine on the Deep Space 1 probe, launched in 1998. Instead of liquid or solid fuel, the craft was propelled by ions of xenon gas accelerated by an electric field. Your Body Will Be Truly Connected · Doctors will check your vital signs around the clock via tiny sensors. · Stomach chips will monitor your diet to help you lose weight. · Spinal cord implants will reverse paralysis. · Brain chips will let you absorb data while you sleep. · Brain interfaces will help you fully inhabit virtual worlds. · Scientists will map the quadrillion connections between the brain's neurons. Quadrillion sounds like a made-up number, but we assure you it's real. Those connections hold the answers to questions about mental illness, learning, and the whole nature versus nurture issue. If every one of them were a penny, you could stack them and build a tower 963 million miles high. It would stretch past Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn and stop roughly halfway to Uranus. · One of us will celebrate a 150th birthday. Our money's on Keith Richards. Given recent advances in health, technology, and medicine and the rise of genome science, it's only a matter of time until someone gets to blow out all those candles—especially if you toss in a breakthrough on the scale of antibiotics, says David Ewing Duncan, author of When I'm 164. What are your odds of living to see our predictions come true? There are more than 300,000 centenarians on the globe already—and one hearty soul has reached the age of 122. THE PM BRAIN TRUST SAYS: WITHIN 20 YEARS... Self-driving cars will hit the mainstream market. Battles will be waged without direct human participation (think robots or unmanned aerial vehicles). The first fully functional brain-controlled bionic limb will arrive. WITHIN 30 YEARS... All-purpose robots will help us with household chores. Space travel will become as affordable as a round-the-world plane ticket. Soldiers will use exoskeletons to enhance battlefield performance. WITHIN 40 YEARS... Nanobots will perform medical procedures inside our bodies. WITHIN 50 YEARS... We will have a colony on Mars. Doctors will successfully transplant a lab-grown human heart. We will fly the friendly skies without pilots onboard. And renewable energy sources will surpass fossil fuels in electricity generation. WITHIN 60 YEARS... Digital data (texts, songs, etc.) will be zapped directly into our brains. We will activate the first fusion power plant. And we will wage the first battle in space. WITHIN 100 YEARS... The last gasoline-powered car will come off the assembly line. More from Popular Mechanics: More From The Best of Popular Mechanics Trucks Share The 51 Coolest Trucks Of All Time Movies Share 100 Best Sci Fi Movies Ever Projects and Plans Share How to Make & Brew Beer GIF Robots Share 61 Incredible Things Robots Can Now Do Science Share 50 Killer Science Desktop Wallpapers Cars Share Wedge of Tomorrow: 20 of the Greatest Sports Cars of the '70s and '80s Space Share How to Mine an Asteroid Gaming Share The 100 Greatest Video Games of All Time Movies Share The 50 Greatest Sci-Fi TV Shows Ever Cars Share Million-Mile Club: The World's Longest-Lived Cars The Best of Popular Mechanics New Technology technology engineering research medicine future engineering genetics predictions robotics engineering research How PopMech Predicted the Next 110 Years 10 Things That Will Never Change... Ever! 10 Things That Will Disappear in the Next 110 Years Scientists Create Synthetic Yeast Chromosome (And Unlock the Future of Beer) Every Future Ferrari Engine Will Be a Turbo or a Hybrid Live From the DARPA Robotics Challenge More From The Best of Popular Mechanics PM_Logo Created with Sketch. Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Media Kit Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Thursday, March 30, 2017 As of 5:18 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video News Google launches new product designed to defy fake health information By Frenalyn Wilson on March 30 2017 2:22 PM 0 0 0 0 Attendees wait for the program to begin during the presentation of new Google hardware in San Francisco, California, U.S. October 4, 2016. Reuters/Beck Diefenbach Google is launching a new product that seeks to lead Kiwis towards "high quality" health information. Health cards that carry information on 900 commonly searched conditions, such as flu, asthma and diabetes, are being rolled out in New Zealand this week. The company said the new product also aims to bring the control back to the medical community amid false and misleading health information. According to Google health programme manager Isobel Solaqua​, one in 20 Google searches were health related, to which the search engine provides comprehensive health information. However, not all searches were supported by solid medical evidence. "There are lots of rabbit holes that users can go down in terms of finding not good health information, getting led astray by websites that might be popular but might not be rigorous medical information that their doctor would want them looking at,” Solaqua warned. She assured that the newly developed Google health cards were each examined by at least 10 medical doctors and took years to accomplish. Solaqua added that they have worked hard on the product’s medical rigour to ensure that doctors would feel fine about it. Health cards will be displayed at the top of a Google search and will offer information regarding cover symptoms, treatment options, and prevalence according to age for each condition. But Solaqua clarified that the new Google health cards are "informational only" and is not intended to replace consulting a health expert. Although she does not think that the health cards will serve as an end solution in and of itself, Solaqua said it would be a step forward in providing accurate, clinical information which she thinks has been a challenge in the past. Royal New Zealand College of General Practitioners medical director and GP Dr Richard Medlicott has commended the clinically-based information on the cards, saying it was positive. However, the advice provided, he said, seemed a bit light. “I just think they may want to tease out some of the risks here and be a bit more clear cut in terms of warning signs if patients are going to use this as a diagnosis,” Stuff quotes him. Medlicott has supported Solaqua’s statement, saying most people would realise that they would need to see an expert for a diagnosis, though he acknowledged that the internet is a “fantastic wealth of information.”Meanwhile, Dr Tony Bartone, Australian Medical Association federal vice-president, said health information should not be a substitute for a qualified medical opinion, Courier Mail reported. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Google Chrome to gradually 'distrust' Symantec-certified websites amid Google, Symantec feud Google updates Drive to better support businesses Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Australian mining jobs expected to grow 0 Shares 2 'Curb Your Enthusiasm season 9' will cause a lot of controversy, assures Mary Steenburgen 0 Shares 3 ‘Ghostbusters VR: Now Hiring’ requires PS4, VR headset and Move controllers 0 Shares 4 London tech startup aims to disrupt the digital rewards and loyalty landscape 0 Shares 5 Cannabis stocks rise by significant margin 0 Shares 6 OnePlus 5 and OnePlus 3T update 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Diana Gabaldon heading to South Africa 0 Shares 8 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Jamie’s pig will appear next year 0 Shares 9 Joint patrols by Australia, Indonesia in South China Sea 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Ivar and Bjorn will ‘explode in time’; The Boneless ‘doesn’t recognise boundaries’ 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Spotify acquires MightyTV, helps users decide what to watch European retailer TK Maxx chose 303 MullenLowe Qantas and Slingshot Venture Fund tap startups for airline innovation Fair Work Ombudsman launches Record My Hours app Woolworths: Pick date to pack date for supermarket produce Amazon to collect sales tax in Hawaii, Idaho, Maine and New Mexico on April 1 More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance European businesses call for post-Brexit settlement, Japan’s Keidanren to take issue on ‘no Brexit deal is better than a bad deal’ US travel ‘falls off a cliff’ according to a search site ALDI, Kroger, Publix warn customers of fake discount coupons Queensland amends medicinal cannabis laws Analysis suggests US Tourism may lose US$18B, Trump travel ban to be blamed Politicians divided over cannabis legalisation More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Roger Federer commits 32 unforced errors but advances to Miami Open quarters Detroit Pistons likely to shut down Reggie Jackson for the season NBA Draft 2017: Lonzo Ball says 'I'm better than Markelle Fultz' NFL News: Denver Broncos could still tap veteran QB Tony Romo Golden State Warriors vs San Antonio Spurs live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Paul George lashes out at Indiana Pacers teammates after latest loss More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Google Pixel C vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Tesla Model 3 praised by Morgan Stanley analyst Facebook Messenger to add ‘dislike’ button but will stop support for older versions of Android, iOS and Windows app Elon Musk backs brain-computer interface venture Xbox One and 360 Deals With Gold until April 3 announced Microsoft Surface Pro 5 and Surface Book 2 not expected anytime soon More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design Chris Hemsworth workout secrets revealed: Trainer tells all details of diet and exercise ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’: Gary Barlow casting confirmed 'Days Of Our Lives' spoilers for March 29: A big decision puts an end to two men’s agony; a murder case is revisited Adele may never tour again, says 'applause makes me feel a bit vulnerable' ‘MasterChef Junior’ Season 5 Episode 8 spoilers: Two eliminated young cooks earn a spot back in the competition [VIDEO] ‘The Bold And The Beautiful’ spoilers for March 29: Brooke refuses to marry a 'wandering eye', keeps Eric in the dark about his wife and son’s infidelity More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... The option to save your parking location has disappeared from Google Maps Rita El Khoury Follow View All Posts 2017/03/29 2:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 38 Plus 1 on G+ 64 Share on Facebook 40 Share on Twitter Total Shares142 Applications Google News A few days ago, we reported one unofficial feature in Google Maps 9.49 beta that allowed you to manually save your parking location for future reference. Unlike Google's automatic parking saving that guesses the location based on where you approximately stopped driving and surfaces the info in your Feed, this one was a more manual and more accurate way of pinning down your parking spot. It also let you add notes, set a time limit for metered parkings, and attach photos for your reference. That was saved as a notification you could tap when you had to go back to your car. All of this is so you never risk reliving that episode of Seinfeld. But the option sadly disappeared from Google Maps a few days ago (server-side switch or due to the update to 9.49.1 beta or 9.49.2, I'm not sure) and hasn't been back since. In its place when you tap the blue dot, there's the new location sharing option that went live yesterday. When it was available, saving your parking (left) was right where location sharing is now (right). Saving parking wasn't officially announced as a Maps feature and was part of the beta app version, so it's probably still a work in progress. Maybe the team didn't intend for the feature to go live then or maybe they discovered a bug and had to disable it momentarily. I do hope it comes back soon though because it was very handy. Tags google maps parking location save your parking saving parking subscribe ... Previous Story [Neat] Google Keep can autocomplete movie and TV show titles ... Next Story [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, ... Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments roberto.elena I never had that feature. I hate that even enrolling on the betas doesn't mean getting the latest features, slow roll out sucks. Mark Slavin I had the feature and hope they bring it back (or add an option to the Now card to add an expiry time). Denholm Willmer How dare they? andy_o I ran into some kind of bug that placed the parking location right on the destination spot (pin), and not on the actual parking spot, when setting it from the navigation arrival screen. Hopefully it is a bug-fixing delay. ddevito It's still there in the iOS version lorenzobjuarez Everything is ALWAYS on the iOS version! CBMR Yup, I just saw it last night C64 OMG , now we have to use our brains and think for ourselves https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4e8ae68acafbb8369fca8a9423ff78105cc9f6c103df72386a68d55e6461d6a4.jpg Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google's software motto should be, "Now you see it, now you don't." Willie Chalmers III This is why we can't have good things. Régis Knechtel https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b233b197af44ffa3889225d58263d87e1147fc4914911082a34095ae43e065d1.gif F4LL0U7 Must have been a server side switch. I'm on the beta version and i played around with it the day it came out, then showed it to my wife that evening. The next morning (did not receive an update) the feature was gone. VAVAMk_2 Brace yourselves! 3 new messaging apps inbound! AQ Could always just mark your location mmanuallly with a label of parking spot or something, maybe throw in the date in case you forget to delete it? Bewear Google giveth, Google taketh. Aldo72 I believe the reason they remove it was because once in parking, you couldn't unlock it.. I tried to remove my parking location but I wasn't able to do so.. So I wrote to support Jon Cooper Since when did google care what consumers want? Classic maps was so good they stopped us using it. Now it's all about the bloat. Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 14 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 199 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 4 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 28 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 66 1 Year Ago Today Amazon Updates Its Policies To Ban USB Type-C Cables That Are Not Fully Spec Compliant 2016/03/29 8:29pm PDTMar 29, 2016 95 2 Years Ago Today Upbeat Monsters Icon Pack Fills Your Homescreen With Adorable Googly-Eyed Apps 2015/03/29 11:57am PDTMar 29, 2015 79 3 Years Ago Today Rumor: Google Now Will Help You Remember, Pay Your Bills [APK Teardown] 2014/03/29 11:55am PDTMar 29, 2014 69 4 Years Ago Today [New App] BBQScreen Mirrors Your Display On A Computer At 25FPS (Root Only) 2013/03/29 7:31pm PDTMar 29, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today WSJ: Google To Open Online Store This Year, Will Sell Tablets Independently Of Retailers (Perhaps With The Launch Of Jellybean) 2012/03/29 8:56pm PDTMar 29, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today Get Your Credit Cards Ready - Android In-App Billing System Now Live (P.S. Devs, No More Separate Lite/Paid Apps, Please) 2011/03/29 8:34pm PDTMar 29, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Upgrade Your Android Phone's External Storage With A-Data Turbo 16GB Class 6 MicroSD Card - Review And Benchmarks 2010/03/29 11:15pm PDTMar 29, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 106 queries | 0.303s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 71 Share on Facebook 56 Share on Twitter Total Shares146 Galaxy S8 News Phone Reviews Videos The Galaxy S6 was, by all accounts, a truly transformational moment for Samsung's industrial design. After years of building plastic phones constantly lambasted for their "cheapness," Samsung made radical changes in an attempt to completely redefine its smartphone brand. Those changes were generally well received, but it always felt like they stopped short: the software was still slow, bloated, and the battery life surprisingly poor. With the Note5 and S6 edge+ we saw significant refinement of that reinvention "moment," but not until the S7 and S7 edge did Samsung really build the concept I think they set out to with those first metal and glass sandwiches. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are Samsung's attempt to show us that they can do more than just iterate on that "Eureka" moment they had in 2015, even if those iterations have generally been quite good. And after the Note7 disaster last year, they really need to make good on that promise. After spending some time with the phones last week, I'm still on the fence as to whether Samsung has truly succeeded - but I think the pieces for success are there. Even if I don't think they're all terribly obvious, and even if the phones don't take any real big risks. The hardware Take what you loved about the Galaxy S7 edge and Note7, then just imagine it all being better. More refined, more coherent, more polished. As to that final point: literally. The Galaxy S8 siblings now feature polished aluminum mid-frames, as opposed to the matte anodized finish of years past. In particular - at least in my opinion - this looks good on the Midnight Black version of the phone, which features a shiny black mid-frame to match. The whole phone visually sort of looks like a deep black stone - it's a very interesting and striking effect Samsung has achieved here. As you'd expect of Samsung, the attention to detail is impeccable. The glass meets the aluminum in a very natural, near-seamless way, and the various body colors all have a distinct character. The front of the phones, however, do not: unlike years past, all colors of the Galaxy S8 and S8+ will feature black surrounds on the display side of the phone, to accentuate Samsung's "infinity display" and its minimal bezel. I absolutely agree with this design decision, because it brings the canvas - the screen - out as the sole focal point of the front of the device. You're drawn to the screen, and everything surrounding it just sort of falls away. Samsung has been paying attention to the little stuff, too. Everything from the design of the camera module (it now has more of stylized "lens" effect) to the smooth USB-C cutout seems carefully considered and manufactured with precision. The phones scream quality, and I am continually impressed by Samsung's ability to iterate in this area. Samsung clearly spends a lot of time and energy on its design and manufacturing processes, and it shows. Perhaps most notably, these phones mark the end of one of the last vestigial elements of the Galaxy brand: capacitive navigation keys and the physical home button. It really makes the S8 and S8+ the cleanest-looking handsets Samsung's ever produced. Above the display sit the standard array of sensors, including a new 8MP front-facing camera with software-simulated autofocus (we'll see how that goes) and the iris scanner array. Out back, Samsung says the 12MP rear camera is basically unchanged physically from last year's, with most optimizations happening on the photo processing side. I'm certainly curious to see how photos compare to last year's phones, then. You still get IP68 waterproofing, and 64GB of storage is now standard (with microSD expansion available). Samsung has retained the headphone jack, but made the switch to USB-C it began with the Note7 last year. Wireless charging is intact, too. As to the deceptively giant displays, at 5.8 and 6.2", respectively, the phones are considerably taller this year. But they're also narrowed, meaning they're easier to get a grip on, and they really aren't especially heavy or unwieldy. Ceding so much of what was previously bezel space to the expanded display seems an obvious choice in retrospect, but to me it definitely necessitated the end of the capacitive keys, otherwise all that extra height tends to feel a bit wasted. Speaking of those keys. The software To answer your first and greatest question: Yes, you can switch the order of the navigation keys. You can either have them in Samsung (read: wrong) order, or change them to the standard Android layout of back, home, and recent apps (left to right). Samsung also lets you customize the color of the navigation bar background, which is nice. Sure, the iconography is nowhere near stock, but I couldn't really give a damn what the buttons look like as long as they do what I expect them to. And no, Bixby is not mapped to long-pressing the home key: that's 100% Google Assistant. (Bixby's functional overlap with Assistant is actually quite minimal - for now.) The latest version of I-Can't-Believe-It's-Not-TouchWiz is based on Android 7.0 (not 7.1, sigh) and feels basically similar to what we had on the Note7 and now have on the Galaxy S7 phones. "Grace UX" is the easiest on the eyes TouchWiz has ever been, and while there are still a bunch of old features in there I hardly think warrant the real estate in the settings app, Samsung continues to provide its own useful additions. I didn't spend much time with the software in-depth, as I really didn't have time. And Samsung's Bixby assistant was only demoed to us in a controlled, scripted test environment, which is useless from an evaluation perspective. I can give you the overview, though: it's basically Google Goggles meets Google Now meets voice-powered accessibility controls. It's definitely an interesting mesh of features, though Samsung's hardest push seems to be around the idea that people will want to use their voice to control things like their screen brightness, toggling the hotspot, picking a camera mode or filter, and generally controlling their device. I am, to put it bluntly, unconvinced anyone will use this. But maybe it'll win me over when our review units come in and I actually have a chance to put it to the test. But, if you were worried that Bixby was an attempt to subvert Google Assistant and replace it: please, don't be. Not yet, at least. Google Assistant and Bixby happily coexist on the Galaxy S8, and are frankly rather different products. Oh, and this is kind of interesting, I guess: Samsung has also implemented the fingerprint scanner gesture to bring down the notification bar. It's off by default, I think, but it's there. Like the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge after their respective Nougat updates, the S8 and S8+ don't actually display in their native, physical resolutions by default (they're set to full HD mode). I remain very divided on this choice: while I know the vast majority of people who own these phones will never, ever notice and reap considerable battery life returns as a result, why put in these more expensive ultra-high-res panels in the first place? Samsung's answer, of course, relies heavily on VR, because you need that Quad HD display mode to provide a good VR experience. But I don't think anyone, even Samsung, has actually produced compelling evidence that consumers care about VR (apart from the companies making VR products). I guess it comes down to the question of how much more a Quad HD panel of this type would cost to produce than a 1080p version. If it's not a big difference, then I guess I get where Samsung is coming from. One feature I found quite interesting is the new home button wake gesture. Simply press your finger on the home button that is shown in the always-on display mode for a moment, and the screen will wake, indicated by a light burst of haptic feedback. While obviously you won't get far if you have a fingerprint scanner lock set, you might be more likely to use Samsung's iris scan or face unlock features (the latter is new to the S8). Given rumors that Samsung intended to place the fingerprint scanner inside the display itself with the S8 but failed to achieve the necessary yields, I have to wonder if this is the compromise they've settled on: pushing customers away from the ubiquitous fingerprint scanner, for now, until their more impressive technology is ready for primetime. As for me, I probably wouldn't use the home button wake regardless - the fingerprint scanner is simply my preferred mode of authentication. The reader is definitely a bit of a reach on these phones, though, and even with my relatively long fingers I found the S8+ would definitely take some getting used to in terms of default hand positioning. Samsung's iris scanner tech is fast and very accurate, but I'm not always looking at my phone when I unlock it. Performance on the phones is not something I feel comfortable expressing any definitive opinion on at this time. They felt fine - not crazy fast, not particularly slow - but given the notoriety Samsung's phones have achieved for slowing down over time, my experience in a controlled demo environment is simply not going to be helpful in assessing these things. It's probably better for me to end that discussion here and save the extended thoughts for our review. I obviously can't judge battery life yet, but Samsung shared an interesting figure with me: the new batteries in the Galaxy S8 and S8+ feature much better cycle longevity than the ones in last year's phones. Whereas after a year of typical charge and discharge cycles last year's Galaxy S7 and S7 edge would see around 20% of their effective capacity lost, Samsung says that figure is more like 5% of capacity lost over a year on the S8 and S8+. That's definitely encouraging. Final thoughts The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are big, beautiful phones. The larger displays are absolutely great, and the switch to virtual navigation keys is long overdue. I'm sure they'll have great cameras, and I expect battery life will probably be largely comparable to last year's phones (i.e., good). TouchWiz is, as far as user experience goes, the best it's ever been. That may not be saying much for some of you, but I generally find Samsung's UI modifications at the very least aesthetically palatable nowadays, and some of the added features are genuinely useful. A switch to 64GB of storage as standard is absolutely welcome and, I think, should be the bar to meet for any flagship phone in 2017. Bixby, despite the fears of many (myself included), doesn't really seem meant to displace Google Assistant or search on your phone. The Snapdragon 835 version of the S8 and S8+ we'll get here in the US packs a lot of new and potent technology, too - it's not just faster than the 820 and 821, it's more efficient and more capable. What am I not loving yet? Launching with Android 7.0 feels oh so typical Samsung: they can preach all they want about how they test their software endlessly in order to ensure updates are smooth and low on bugs, but I just can't shake the feeling that Samsung really has no intention of changing its approach to Android platform updates. Performance is going to be a big question, too (and it's one Samsung seems uninterested in discussing). I won't even be able to conclusively come to an answer in our review, simply due to the amount of time we'll have to use the phones before publishing. That'll take weeks and months of additional testing. Finally, there's a lot of uncertainty remaining around the value proposition these phones will offer, and without pricing, that's hard to comment on just yet. There's also a lingering feeling that the S8 and S8+ feel iterative in terms of actual user experience versus being showcases for advancements in industrial design and engineering. Samsung itself seems very eager to present the reduced bezel and larger displays as the raison d'etre for the Galaxy S8. But it's hard to tell if beauty is more than skin deep with these phones. Why is the screen curved? Because it's pretty (fragile, and the edge UI experience sucks). Why is the aluminum frame now polished? Because it's pretty (and will get scratched). Why aren't the batteries any bigger? Because thin phones are pretty (even though everyone wants bigger batteries). These are thoughts that I've had a harder time shaking than I expected. There's no doubt the Galaxy S8 and S8+ are exceptional achievements from the standpoint of design and phone-building knowhow, but I think I can distill my feelings about them down to this: I'm really unsure why I'd want one of these that much more than a Galaxy S7 edge or, if it still existed, a Note7. If there's some major improvement to performance I missed, maybe that could be it, but on most other fronts - aside from the switch to virtual nav keys - I'm left scratching my head a bit. But, maybe that's just a result of not having enough time with them. Hopefully, we'll be reviewing these phones soon enough, as I'm eager to get a deeper sense of the changes Samsung's made and how they translate into a real-world product experience. Tags galaxy 8 galaxy s8 galaxy s8 hands on galaxy s8 review s8 S8 Plus video subscribe ... Previous Story The Galaxy S8's new battery will degrade less quickly than the Galaxy S7's ... Next Story A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments Bedirhan SAVAS Cool phone except the finger print sensor Toss3 Looks like decent phones, but not enough of an upgrade to switch from the s7/s7e. As for android 7.1 it really doesn't matter as samsung usually incorporates a lot of the new features long before they are available on newer android versions. Eagerly looking forward to the Note 8 though (4K screen for VR is going to be a much needed upgrade). Taylor Vaughn I freelance online, performing basic jobs which simply requires from you a laptop or computer as well as internet accessibility and it is a life-saver for me personally... After 6 months on this job opportunity and i gained so far total of 36,000 dollars... Basicly i make about eighty bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hour most of the days.And marvelous thing about this job is that you can easily manage time while you work and for how long as you like and you get paid weekly >> http://v15.uk/xbRHM MJ I agree 4K is much needed for VR but I would question 4K or VR on a phone. LOL Toss3 Why? Works much better on phones as they aren't tethered to anything. Personally only use it for watching movies on planes or in bed when the gf is sleeping. MJ That is your only use cases? It's more useless than I thought. I watch movies on my big screen TV on my sweet couch when the GF is sleeping. No heavy BDSM head gear needed. Toss3 Pretty much. Never liked watching movies on a TV as TVs are always really small (unless you buy one of those 40k ones that are 100"<). I had a projector (with a 120" screen), but I sold it when I moved to another country, and because I don't watch TV that often a "big-screen" TV just doesn't feel that useful. I also like being thoroughly engrossed in the movies I watch without any distractions and only the Gear VR has offered me anything like that thus far. It's also the first private movie-theater that you can take with you wherever you go. The low resolution is the only thing that could be improved (and the straps of course). MJ Sure if it works for you but I don't like things strapped to my head and face. It must be a pain to unstrap when need a drink, snack, or take a piss. Toss3 You either lift the device (similar to ski goggles or snorkel) or you use the built-in pass-through mode. And there's really no need to unstrap anything when going for a piss. MJ I didn't mean literally unstrap but none of that sounds convenient or practical at all. LOL It must be me... MJ Samsung has made a product I would almost consider buying by cleaning up the UX, going with on-screen buttons, better aspect ratio, and minimizing the edge gimmick (next just get rid of it) while keeping the headphone jack and wireless charging BUT... The placement of the fingerprint is just horrible. David, you went on how Samsung pays attention to the details but they just randomly place the fingerprint reader? OK... They still make me wary of getting timely OS updates. Android 7.0? Really? I like to see if they follow up on their promise of monthly security updates on their unlocked phones. Cristian-Teodor TATOIU My S7 Edge, unlocked, Romania, received Nougat but still on freaking January security update! How bout dat? MJ That sucks but didn't they just make that promise a couple of weeks ago? Cristian-Teodor TATOIU They made that promise months ago but with the new top dog in tow... They'll make good on S8, no doubt, for the first 6-7 months. Then, they'll have the S9 to keep them busy. And so on, and so on... Really, really, really want/need timely security updates? Pixel or whatever Google brings out is the way to go. Not freaking out cause of some security vulnerabilities going unpatched for months? Samsung is an option then... They'll update, sooner or... Jordan L my friend, who is kind of paranoid about security, loves the Galaxy series of phones(probably because they look great). From a data security prospective; do you think Pixel or Galaxy is "more secure". He's worried less about hacks on old versions of the OS, he's worried about his cloud data. I vote for Pixel because you are only logging in with your Google account, and not also logging into your phone with a "Samsung" account. to use features. yes, Google tracks everything you do, but they are a US based company. Samsung is not, ... just a thought. I would THINK he would HATE the fact that he logs into his phone with Samsung account too. (you do have to use a Samsung account to fully use a Galaxy phone, right?) Justin You don't have to log in to Samsung's account to use the phone, but you lose out on things like Samsung Pay if you don't. EcE You don't need a Samsung account unless you want Samsung Pay, themes ( and their crapstore) or VR. Even then, they are two different accounts and AFAIK you don't need to share any private information to the Samsung account unless you use Samsung Pay. Vivek Rameses A non us company is much safer and private. Muh americans love garbage made in the US. dabug91 The Pixel would be the superior choice, as they will get monthly security updates through October 2019 at least. Max Johnson Battery size is concerning, but maybe that's something to do with precaution with the fire issue. Lawrence Fail!: It is way too tall, fingerprint sensor on the back, small battery, new bixie assistant with dedicated button, same old camera. Win. 64gb storage, looks cool. Biga173rd So what's a win in your book that can compare to this new phone? Zsolt V The same phone with a fruity fruit logo Biga173rd Ehhhh lno lol Lawrence Thanks for asking : the S7 and S7 edge... Better battery/size ratio same camera, same ram. Front fingerprint, and they can be hold by humans. Biga173rd Good point I personally will wait for the Note 8. Toss3 Agreed on the fingerprint sensor, but it does have face-unlock which should be a useful alternative (it is on Win 10 devices). I seriously don't understand why these companies are forcing AI assistans on us? Do people really use them? AI is useful, but not for phones. Camera is already good enough; use pro mode and it's amazing. Really can't expect better in a phone right now unless you start increasing the sensor size. EcE " this looks good on the Midnight Black version of the phone, which features a shiny black mid-frame to match" Glad to see the black phone is black on the sides, that chrome version looks horrible. Marcel Mayer hä? the device will show on 5pm? why you publish the article? PhillipeFelut so, whats the actual resolution of the display itself? DeathWolfGaming They are set to 1080p to save battery life. PhillipeFelut 2960x1440 is the number i was looking for. Jesse Lee Samsung is really receptive to their markets; a completely opposite direction from years past and from that being employed by Google Inc. The results are phones that continue to get better and better and more practical. Looks great! Timbets Linux 4.4 kernel Ishimaru I'm surprised. Even Google is still on 3.x. ProductFRED I'm not jumping to sell my S7 Edge Exynos just yet. Gotmilo waiting for the note 8 JD It's a damn solid phone. I wouldn't jump unless I pooped money and was having a bad case of the runs. Winston I'm upgrading from my flat S7 to the small S8. Why? Battery has deteriorated, and Samsung usually does really lucrative trade in deals with older phones, of which I still have an S4. John New smartphone releases are beginning to be as exciting as new dishwasher releases. That's a good thing as it means we can hold on to our phones for longer, smaller manufacturers can catch up to the big boys, and there will be more price competition rather than feature competition. Samsung seems to realize this which is why they're making a big push to differentiate on software. We would benefit from more alternatives to Google's software. I'm just skeptical that Samsung is capable. BC Um, why no images of the Dialer App's interface? It's something that I always want to know but never can readily find. David Ruddock Because I had an hour with the phones total and that wasn't really on my priority list. Sorry. BC It's cool, I'm just a weirdo that likes to know what all the interfaces I'll be interacting with regularly look within OEM apps. Cakefish Just look up the S7 Nougat update UI. I am pretty sure it'll be very similar to that, the rest of the S8's UI is. BC Not good enough for me, though I'll likely preorder the device...I'll be able to see it firsthand this way. Cakefish Check out the bajillion youtube hands-on videos, I'm sure one of them has what you're looking for :) BC I can only hope, though I have a feeling nobody will even care about the Dialer App. Cakefish Found one for ya! Look at 2:12 in the video: https://youtu.be/sZvp4L52QzQ BC Thank you! I had begun the scanning of videos to catch a hint of that app interface. Phone_Addiction Time to ditch my ip7 plus for the gs8+ brararsh Thinking of same. Adil Tajgeer i'm in the same boat but with the regular S8, it seems to be a great blend of big screen in a small package. but will just keep my iphone around. I NEED ALL THE SHINY THINGS. Biga173rd Wow!! that is one gorgeous phone. The build quality is incredible damn Sammy knocked it out of the park. And that metal frame... Nuno G. "You can either have them in Samsung (read: wrong)" Although it's not the standard order for Android, for me it's the natural order, specially for right handed persons!!! When I hold the phone, I hold normally with my right hand, so my thumb finger is the finger that is most near the screen on the right side of it. so it's normal for me to have the back button cause that's the one that I use more.. Miku is Best Vocaloid "Right handed persons" all have different preferences, I am right handed and I use the back button on the left. Middlefinger Im a lefty and Samsungs is still the better positioning. Google just have it wrong but the fanbois on here would never disagree with their Google god. JD Gotta say it wasn't until the S7e that I started to look at Samsung and that Samsung actually got me excited about Android Hardware again. I used to be a Nexus Diehard and when Google and other OEMs just all made glass rectangles, some with really bad software decisions I just gave up. But the S7e was something interesting. The S8 is a really lovely piece of Industrial engineering, like what the OG iPhone and iPhone 4 did to the industry when everyone was doing more of the same. jonzey231 I love that they continue to include wireless charging. iKon It's not even wireless... False advertising more like. jonzey231 Kay. Sharky I've been on Nexus for 5 years but I'm going to give this a go. The bezel-less screen makes it look like something genuinely new, I really wish the Pixel had looked this. I'm still skeptical about Samsung's UI skin but the move to virtual (& customizable!) buttons alleviates that a bit. Hopefully this will encourage Google to step up their efforts with the next Pixel, but it's going to take a big jump from last year's model to get me back. Jay The skin has not been a concern since s7. The whole look can be altered with one click via the theme store. I use one that makes it either look like native android or a jet black theme, that's so enjoyable on these amoled screens. Daniel Tiberius I'm looking forward to playing around with those themes. Middlefinger *S6. Sharky Admittedly the skin does looks quite nice now, I certainly hope I'm converted now I've shelled out $850 on this thing. Kevin Chaos I'm using the S7 and I really want the S8... but I'm going to force myself to wait and at least see what Apple has to offer with their next iPhone. That or Google needs to fix the Android messaging clusterfuck they've created. I've been using Android phones since the Nexus One but iPhones have come a long way and iMessage is starting to look really good. Toss3 Not sure why anyone with an S7/S7E would feel the urge to upgrade. Why not use something like Telegram, Whatsapp, etc. instead of SMS? Kevin Chaos I have a problem with wanting new toys constantly, haha. I think I've gotten a new phone every 6 months. Almost everyone I know uses SMS here. I am also using Google Voice myself. I just don't have enough friends who use those apps. At least that's my case in the United States. Toss3 I used to be like that, but now that Android has matured and caught up with the iPhone in terms of smoothness, I really don't feel the urge to upgrade as often as I used to. Only thing I want right now is an HDR 4K screen for the Note 8 and I'll be happy. Adil Tajgeer iMessage has kept my pixel and OP3 in a drawer for most of their time with me. but the S8 is so pretty i will probably bite the bullet and face the shame of the green bubble. fijisiv Why is the screen curved? Because it's pretty... Why is the aluminum frame now polished? Because it's pretty... Why aren't the batteries any bigger? Because thin phones are pretty... While most AP readers probably do a LOT of research before buying a phone, I'd wager a huge majority of phone purchases are done by people who walk into the store and say "oh that one looks pretty." Toss3 Thankfully we still have the Note-series that should cater to a different audience (hopefully). Adnoxaei It's beautiful, but I'll be skipping it it :/ The fingerprint scanned is just in a terrible spot for my normal usage. I hope one of those scanner techs that can go through the screen can get implimented in the next couple generations. Winston It was reportedly very close to being in the S8, but they couldn't quite get something good enough for it to be signed off. So, Note 8? Adnoxaei The note line got the iris scanner, so it is possible. I already think the S8 is a bit big (really, just too tall), so maybe it can be in the S9 and I'll get it then. At least my bank account will be happuer this year haha. Rann Xeroxx Once you use a scanner on the back of the phone, it actually turns out to be better as that is where your fingers typically are when holding the device. The only problem I can see is if you have it on a table or something and want to use the scanner. (I never do this as I rarely will leave my phone on a table). Miguel Fernandes How can it be better with that limitation? Jan Ibrahim Because in most circumstances for a lot of people , you unlock as you remove from your pocket. This is a lot easier with it on the back. Furthermore, it also means you can achieve a nice clean look on the front of the phone. But no solution is perfect, because the downside is desk use. But i find on the odd occasion I'm using my phone on my desk then pattern lock is fine. But I'd rather have on the back with that limitation than the other way around. Look how ugly the fingerprint scanners look on the front of some of the HTC and oneplus phones for example. John My problem with the S8 is not that the scanner is on the back, which is fine, but that it's all the way up next to the camera. Below the camera would have made more sense. iKon It's only good on the back, if it's in the middle like Huawei devices. Samsung has the worst position out of everyone. My name is…. Google needs to take lessons on how to make pretty phones. Who's gonna prefer a pixel to this? Crazy fanboys only. saf1927 People who actually want a phone. No flat display, no good. My name is…. Pixel was a joke of a phone, i cant believe that Google gave that thing iphone price, so ridiculous. Im sure S8 will be better in every aspect. asian_slaw if you are solely hating on the phone because of the price, you definitely dont understand or have experienced the pixel to it's full potential My name is…. I had a pixel on my hands. i also was an owner of all Nexus phones (after Nexus 4) I would never buy a pixel. There are better phones out there that are better. saf1927 Yes, after coming out half a year later, it doesn't take that much to get a better phone out. By the way, the iPhone 7 will still outperform the S8. it’s me tim-cock. Dude calm your tits. This phone puts the garbage looking iphone and pixel to shame. Your move crapple. saf1927 Come again when Samsung actually puts out a phone that is better than an iPhone in all aspects. A high-res display is nothing to flash your ass out for. Lars Jeppesen Yeah, much better display, more ram, better waterproofness, more freedom (default app anyone? ), wireless charging, fast charging, iris scanner, much higher screen-to-phone ratio, SD card support, bluetooth 5, wifi direct, VR, better assistant (Google Assistant/Bixby),, OH YEAH_, the iPhone sure is better... /s Rann Xeroxx Why on Earth would you pay the absurd price for the Pixel compared to a phone like this? Heck, the Pixel is ugly to boot. And purely from an enterprise standpoint, it has real problems with MDM and ActiveSync configurations to where Samsung goes out of their way to make sure it works perfectly on corporate solutions. saf1927 I actually have an iPhone 7 too, which of course is better than anything Samsung puts out. Looks are subjective. I hate edge displays, so this phone is as ugly as it gets. someone755 Agreed, keep it flat so I can put a normal screen protector on it. JohnyNoLegs Can't even do that on the pixel. These days are over New_Guy Somebody just dropped some world-class knowledge. Kudos h4rr4r Good you can fix the keys! Can you change the settings menu to be normal? Winston Nope, from my time with the S7. And I imagine that will soon be the new normal. Android O DP already has a similar design. So it will soon become normal. h4rr4r Please google, stop moving shit around for the sake of moving shit around. Winston You are the one moving shit around. I don't know what the hell the incentive is for lying, but I have a Galaxy S7. I have a Fast Charger. I have tried both turning the fast charger off in software, AND using a different cable. They both kept my phone cool while charging when using it, and with fast charging on it would heat up. h4rr4r I did not decide to move the buttons around at random or change the settings to some touchwiz crap. I have no idea what you are talking about with the charger. I said nothing about fast chargers. Of course fast chargers make the phone hotter. How do you think this all works? Winston It's not "considerable battery gains". They're actually fairly small: within 10-15 mins SOT in my experience. Samsung itself said, moving from the 5.7 1080p of the Note 3 to the 1440p of the 4, that the power usage delta was 3.5%. That's in hardware. Imagine how little the change is in software. lsh99 The build and design of this phone is exactly what I've been waiting for: premium finishes with a huge screen-to-body ratio. That said, I'm waiting for the Note 8. Cristian-Teodor TATOIU Pricing, for Europe - 799EUR for S8, 899EUR for S8+. These should translate 1:1 to USD + taxes, for US. Of course, unlocked. Turb0wned The question is, if I ordered the US unlocked version from Best Buy, will Samsung screw me out of updates like they did with the unlocked S7E? Trysta After a major Samsung phone reveal, I usually spend the first couple days trying to rationalize how I could buy it even though touchwiz scares me, because the hardware is just so lust-worthy. But this time...not so much. It looks very fancy obviously, and I love the increased screen to body ratio (hopefully all other OEMs....*cough* Google *cough* are paying attention!). But I thought the Note 7, with the extra subtle curves was really the maximum amount of screen curve I was willing to deal with. The curve of the S8/S8+ seems to be going back towards obnoxious taking over 20% of the screen with glare again. Wish they had kept the curved edges the way they were on the Note 7. Batteries are too small, although I understand why they wanted to be careful this year. After my Nexus 6p disappointment, battery life is basically my number one feature for my next phone. And the fingerprint sensor placement is just awful, for seemingly no other reason than to be different from everyone else who has a back fingerprint sensor. I don't want to use iris scanning or face detection. Fingerprint sensors work really well for turning on my phone quickly. This is a major feature of all current flagships. Why did they think this was something that was ok to experiment with/mess up? But in the end, just like every year, I was never going to buy this phone anyway. I hope that it is a great phone for Samsung fans (I'm sure it will be). Shame-sung C.E.O Absolutely horrible looking phone.that it lacks innovation and nothing but gimmicky features. Dominic D ok it’s me tim-cock. As if anyone expect anything diffraction from you. Shame-sung C.E.O Why would anyone expect anything positive from a CORRUPT, thief company? Middlefinger Doesnt do thieving Apple or LG much harm though, or HTC with their new iPhone rip-offs. Shame-sung C.E.O You are mistaken the Corrupt Swinesung Machine that has been sued by. Apple,Dyson,BlackBerry,Microsoft,LG,TSMC And countless other manufactures for stealing. Hmm you sound like those Swinesung guys that were getting paid to Shill and got caught. You can only wish that Apple and LG and anyone else was as horrible as corrupt company as Swinesung. But unlike you i stand by Facts, go ahead and get upset. Not going to change history. : ) Middlefinger Selectively sued in countries with crap IP laws where you can patent anything vague and sue for it even if you never actually made the thing yourself. They failed to sue in countries with reasonable laws. Samsung also counter sued and won, so whatever... Shame-sung C.E.O That's a beautiful excuse. But not a good one. Funny how Swinesung has lost multiple times and agrees to settle after it has uses stolen designs and software and technology. Swingeing has lost all across the world from its home country to the the US. This is the problem with the fanboy mentality. They make poor excuses but everything is online. Swinesung has convicted 2 times of corruption in south korea alone. From Racketeering, Tax Evasion. Fraud and Embezzlement and countless other charges. Also they have the highest return in TV's in the industry with defects. Heck in the S7 and S6,5,4 have all suffered from low quality screens and having image retention issues (again all the information is online if you search) to burn in issues and lets not forget the exploding issues because they choose quantity over quality. Shamesung will always be just that. A low quality company who cares about numbers then quality. Middlefinger You're just a troll, yuor username proves that all by itself. Most of the thing Samsung have been sued for related directly to Android itself, so is Googles fault if anything, not anything they have done. You know this but just troll this site because you are a child with nothing better to do. Dont bother replying, your blocked as of now. Shame-sung C.E.O AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH Facts hurt and hurt so dam much . Man how pathetic. Jay Not sure how your kind of comments continue to survive on this site. Shame-sung C.E.O Because people are entitled to facts and opinions. Just because Swinesung is a horrible corrupt company does not mean bling ignorance does not exist. I mean i like Android and think its amazing and useful, And i feel the same way about Apple , Microsoft LG ect. But Swinesung... Naw i draw the line on the most corrupt company in the tech industry by Parsec's. Dominic D I just wish Samsung would update all their devices at the same time like Apple. Okay, maybe not all... but definitely their S series of devices. It's holding me back from purchasing a Samsung phone again. My AT&T S6 Edge was beautiful but didn't receive Marshmallow for a year. It was nearly unusable on Lollipop with barely an hour and a half of screen-on time. I love my 6P and I'm soon looking to upgrade, but I'm nervous about purchasing another Samsung device. Berkay Wait for the pixel 2 Ilya Kushnir Linux Kernel 4.4.16. This happened! Maha Rashtrian TAKE MY MONEY NOW! How much does it cost though? Mix If Samsung made a phone with stock Android, that had Google's updates I would be in love. My Pixel is nice but Samsung phones just feel nicer. JSo Remember Google Play Edition devices? Those were the days. Mix I do not! My first was Android was a Nexus 4 and I came from a BB Bold! Nexus 4, Nexus 5, Galaxy S6, Pixel Xl, Pixel Xl, Pixel Xl....(I am on my third Pixel, lol) JSo Well other OEMs used to make versions of there devices with stock android on it and they were sold in the Play Store. The Galaxy S4 was one of them. Jaime May I ask why? Were your phones faulty? Mix Mic died on the 1st Pixel and the 2nd one bricked and both were RMA'd through the play store for brand new devices. someone755 "The Pixel is totally worth it, it's a great investment." You alone are proof of the contrary. Mix Just pop on over to GooglePixel on Reddit. Some people are on their 5th phone...when it works it works but my experience? This is the worst Android phone I have ever owned! My 3rd one has been great though so fingers crossed I am done RMA'ing it. someone755 Exactly. There are so many apologists out there of this phone that keep saying that the phone is worth its price, that other phones are just as flawed etc. Meanwhile there are hundreds if not thousands of customers like you. VAVAMk_2 Why? 2kool4skool Agreed, google gets their software right but their hardware could use a lot of improvement. JohnyNoLegs Yea like messenger, allo, duo, hangouts. And pixel now has apps you can't uninstall. Google will be the next Samsung! 2kool4skool Well, should I say partly right, then? JohnyNoLegs Let's just say Samsung does it better than google recently, and that's saying something. Btw I'm on pixel xl coming from note 7. iKon Any phone looks better than the Pixels because #Bezels Bojan Radovanović well, that is true, but it's not a picture to stand in front of it and admire how it looks... Ra1nb0wD4sh DE On my pictures the bezels (aka frames) are mostly wanted though... Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ If Samsung made the phone with stock Android, nobody except a bunch of geeks would buy it. Consumers want the features Samsung adds to Android. Mix Would the average user and purchaser of Samsung phones even know they had stock Android device? Probably not. Samsung makes mach better hardware but their updates and support after the sale freaking suck. Took something like 8 months for my SG6 phone to get an update since Google gives it to Samsung to add shit, then Telus gets to add shit, then I get it. That type of update system is pure trash. theProffer It's the same group of people that can't tell the difference between the new iPhones. You know, the ones Jimmy Kimmel makes fun of once a year. Middlefinger Samsung have to fix Googles mess first, because lets face it, Stock android is a buggy unreliable mess. You cant blame the OEMs for wanting to wait until the software is viable before they risk putting it on their customers devices. Google doesn't care, that's why the Nexus didnt sell well, and the pixel has needed fix after fix after fix. whispy_snippet No. Middlefinger Yes, but Google shills dont like to hear it. whispy_snippet Still no! Middlefinger Denial is pretty powerful. whispy_snippet Well, no. Every average Joe consumer would buy it PLUS a heap of stock Android nerds. Average consumers don't have a freakin clue what TouchWiz or stock Android even are. Who gives a shit anyway. It's never going to happen. Middlefinger Oh god no. Bargain basement software that isnt reliable isnt what people want. Im sure even a stock S8 would have less issues than the trouble prone Nexus and Pixel phones, but even so, it would be commercial suicide for Samsung to rely on an unfiltered Google experience. someone755 It would net them a few thousand customers though. I know I'd be switching to a Samsung if they only made some AOSP-style software possible. Middlefinger Apple could probably sell more iPhones if they had an Android version, but it still doesnt mean it will happen. It would cheapen the Samsung brand to launch an AOSP version, and the only people that would care could just run a custom ROM anyway. someone755 Agreed on all but that last part -- That's why I'm not already a Samsung customer, as they make great efforts to prevent people from running custom ROMs. Middlefinger and yet suck ROM exist, so.. xyz It was called a Galaxy Nexus. JohnyNoLegs I prefer Samsung software. My pixel xl is barron, has nothing in comparison. Can't wait to sell and get the s8 Cakefish The fact that I'm currently unemplyed will prevent me from giving in to my uncontrollable urges to always have the latest tech. S8 looks great. Switchable nav keys, 10nm processors, batteries that lose significantly less of their capacity over time. narrower dimensions for one-handed use, 64GB storage, and a Samsung equivalent to Google's HDR+ camera processing are my personal highlights. Cakefish P.S. for UK users you can get it on the 19th April if you preorder (8 days early). Also, UK pricing: S8 = £689.00, S8+ = £779.00 Middlefinger Yeah but will be cheap enough on contract which is how most people buy phones. Cakefish But I prefer to buy unlocked :( Lars Jeppesen Blame Brexit for that.. the phones are the same prices as the S7 for me here in Denmark Cakefish I do blame Brexit :( ddevito Nice phone, but no thanks. Perfectly comfy with my OP3. Then again I've never owned a Samsuck and never will james fuston jeeeesus the price point. S8 is anywhere from 720-750 and the S8+ is 850? We are getting dangerously close to breaking the 1K mark with standard configurations for phones. I can't justify paying twice the street price of an S7/S7E for one of these. This will be a hard pass for me. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ The LG G6 is $750 and the Pixel XL is $869, and those two phones look pitiful compared to the S8 and S8 Plus. What are you complaining about? Cakefish 21% (S8 vs S7) and 22% (S8+ vs S7 edge) price rises for UK (thanks Brexit) hkklife Pixel XL is the biggest rip-off on the market that's not made by Apple. Google was redefining the $/performance ratio back in 2012 and 2013 with the Nexus 4/5 and Nexus 7s. And then they got greedy and cozied back up to the carriers and went sky-high with their pricing. I'd love to see the BoM for HTC and Google on the Pixels. Gotta give Samsung credit for not jettisoning important features while truly redefining what a rectangular slab handset should be. I still think that the S8 line is one step from greatness---an unlocked model updated in a timely fashion with a 6/128GB RAM/storage variant for all markets and a 500mAh battery boost would make it a world-beater. David Williams I agree. The price point should not be surprising to anyone. james fuston The Pixel XL is $779. Not sure where you're pulling that extra $100 from. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ The 128 GB model is $869. There is no 64GB model. Regardless, the price differences aren't very big either way, and the Pixel XL doesn't hold a candle to the S8 Plus in terms of form OR function. james fuston Yeah, you're either entirely missing or intentionally glossing over the "standard configuration" part. Either way, I can tell you're all aboard the hype train for new technology by the amount of hyperbole you're spouting. Not sure why you felt like chiming in on my comment about the cost/value of the S8 vs the S7, but I think we're done here. Diego Kaku Why no one talks about the stupid position of the fingerprint scanner? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I hate the location of the fingerprint scanner on the S8/Plus. Absolutely despise it. But the rest of the phone is f'in amazing. And it's possible I'd end up using iris or facial recognition anyway. I'm not buying one, but that's only because I'm waiting for the Note 8. Fresh360 Well that was depressing, has all of those leaks left us jaded? What if there were no leaks and only whispers and then we saw a nearly bezel-less phone with a massive screen in a small body? I really think this preview would have had a very different tone. Suresh Aryal Nothing about speakers yet. GSMArena says it has stereo speakers. invinciblegod OH GOD MY OCD!! Those ports are not centered!!!!!!! Groud Frank Samsung Mobile is maturing as a tech company. It's no longer "Let's just copy Apple and cram features into our phones to compete with the iPhone." From Samsung Pass to Samsung Pay to Bixby to DeX, this is a beautiful phone with useful features. I can actually see this phone making my life easier, especially in the password management department. Less navigating, less touching, a focus on user experience and practicality - well done Samsung. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I think Samsung is going to break sales records with these phones. Max Gromada Well, they just "copied" those features: - google's HDR+, - the next iphone's screen proportions; - apple pay, - modern ai voice assistant (they've bought the company that had made the Siri), - apple's augmented reality tech - Nokia's / MS iris scanner. They're welcome to implement a feature-rich phone, but those innovations did not come from Samsung. Tech Writer -Combining multiple photos into one has been a thing much before google did it. Does anyone remember OPPO's 50MP super hi-def mode? Plus I'm sure the implementation is different than Pixel's HDR+. For example, this one works without HDR, and with HDR too. -Next iPhone's screen proportions? Dude, are you kidding me. Samsung is the one who is going to provide those screens to Apple. Plus, this phone is probably in development much before the iPhone. -Apple pay: No. Samsung pay uses MST, not NFC. It's a unique patented tech by looppay, which Samsung acquired. Apple can't even use it and hence Apple pay can't operate in legacy terminals. -modern ai voice assistant: Bixby is not a voice assistant. The phone has google assistant for that. Bixby is more of helper and tells you what is around you. It isn't meant to tell you a joke or search things, you have assistant for that. -apple's augmented reality tech: I really don't know what you are talking about. -Iris scanner: I'll give you that. Most of these are Samsung's own innovations, or acquisitions which are patented. Middlefinger Quite a bit of salt in this article. Samsungs nav buttons are not in the 'wrong' order, Googles are. Argue all you like but the fact remains its subjective and not objective. Im glad Samsung doesnt use Googles staid UX. and you cant complain about Samsung not being as innovative in the software as they are in the hardware and simultaneously get snarky about them not using Googles way of doing things. Google hasnt innovated a damn thing since ICS so if they did make a stock S8 it would be worse, based on your own claim. dabug91 Actually, you're wrong. When you use just about any web browser on the planet, where is the back button located? Top Left. Same for when you use just about any file explorer: Top Left. Same for when you use iOS devices, where do they generally place the back button? Top Left. It makes perfect sense for the back button to be on the left side of the device, because that IS the ergonomically and aesthetically superior place for it. You're wrong, get over yourself. Middlefinger Use with a mouse is different than touch use, and 2 handed touch use is different than one. You are comparing completely different UI element, so your point is invalid. dabug91 Actually, people's thumbs can very easily reach the bottom left hand side of their device, so your distraction about UI's is invalid and you're still wrong. Kys. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I hold my phone in my left hand, and use it with my right hand. The position of the back button makes no difference to me, but I like it on the right. It's not an objective thing. Give up trying to make it so. Middlefinger Right is still better for the most often used function. Given the option most people I know have that set up. Google cant be trusted to know whats best in a UI. This is the company that gave us material design, an admittedly pretty interface that gives you hardly any information per page. Its cumbersome, and this is proven by the fact that they cant even keep it consistent in their own apps, because it just doesnt work properly. Max Gromada Regarding 2-handed touch use, find the "Esc" key on your keyboard ) But, imho, when you're doing it all with your thumb, it does not matter what side the "back" key is placed. I was comfortable with the both layouts. AbbyZFresh I'm sure that this new phone will be a hot commodity likurges I was about to make a joke about the bezzels but there are none.. unlike on the pixel where I have parked my airplane, built a house and a f1 track with some space left. SAM While improvements are welcomed, battery and camera didn't get much attention this year. Lets hope after everything other is taken care of this year, battery and camera will be next. I have a feeling that with what google achieved in pixel's camera, next iPhone(maybe) and pixel 2 will blow the shit out of competition. Max Gromada Actually, the camera is improverd in S8: there is a multi-exposure mode, aka pixel's HDR+, a very welcome feature. SAM I really wish this is the case. They didn't talk much about camera in live stream. Ace Time to buy gs7 _jsw_ Is that the new Gear 360 I see in the background? It's in the image of the S8+ on the stand. Max Gromada Yes, they've introduced the new Gear 360 someone755 That's all great and all, but these prices are getting ridiculous. r0xp0x Too bad even the regular sized one is a tad bit too big for me, and I don't like having a fingerprint scanner on the back of the phone, but it sure is gorgeous. whispy_snippet The headline feature is a big, bezzeless display. Meh. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yeah, never mind the 835, the two types of wireless charging, the Samsung Pay, the HDR screen, the... oh, never mind. You wouldn't care, anyway. whispy_snippet No. I don't. They're just iterations on stuff Samsung always offers. They bring very little to the table that wasn't already there. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Then buy a Pixel. You'll love its football field sized bezels, and the wonderful halos in its pictures. Yeah, I keep hearing that halos are rare. Another site just published a comparison of 22 pictures between the LG G6 and the Pixel. 4 of the 22 Pixel pictures had halos. None of the G6 pictures had halos. So it's not so rare, unless you think 18% of photos is rare. whispy_snippet I have a Pixel. I've experienced the halo effect maybe twice ever. I barely see it because you don't generally shoot straight into strong light sources because it results in crappy shots with any camera. The most important thing for me is user experience. What's the device like to use and own on a daily basis? The Pixel is exceptional in this metric. Great software, great ergonomics, great camera, regular updates, excellent performance. The S8 looks really beautiful, but I see UX compromises everywhere. The off centre, rear mounted fingerprint scanner next to the camera; the glass back; the curved edge display; two voice assistants (yes, they don't fully overlap but Samsung's end goal will be to bump Google Assistant). The S8 is just another new phone. Semianonymous Having voice control over the camera can actually be pretty useful. I have the speak to capture feature enabled on my S7 and it's enabled me to capture some tricky shots that might not have turned out as nicely if I had moved my hand to take the shot. If it's intelligent enough to do stuff like recognize the target and focus/zoom etc, then that could be potentially be really cool. Renan I'd wish Samsung would made a flat version of this... I find the Edge... edges useless. mchalakov Dear Samsung, Just because you think that a curved screen is really cool(it is but just for a presentation) doesn't mean that everybody will like it. Also who the fuck decided it's a good idea to put the fingerprint reader there? Best wishes and less explosions, Yours (some) part of the Internet PVL_93_RU To think that if Samsung didn't keep the archaic home and capacitive buttons for as long as they did - many more of their devices could look just as beautiful as S8 Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 12 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 199 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 240 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 3 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 22 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 66 1 Year Ago Today Amazon Updates Its Policies To Ban USB Type-C Cables That Are Not Fully Spec Compliant 2016/03/29 8:29pm PDTMar 29, 2016 95 2 Years Ago Today Upbeat Monsters Icon Pack Fills Your Homescreen With Adorable Googly-Eyed Apps 2015/03/29 11:57am PDTMar 29, 2015 79 3 Years Ago Today Rumor: Google Now Will Help You Remember, Pay Your Bills [APK Teardown] 2014/03/29 11:55am PDTMar 29, 2014 69 4 Years Ago Today [New App] BBQScreen Mirrors Your Display On A Computer At 25FPS (Root Only) 2013/03/29 7:31pm PDTMar 29, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today WSJ: Google To Open Online Store This Year, Will Sell Tablets Independently Of Retailers (Perhaps With The Launch Of Jellybean) 2012/03/29 8:56pm PDTMar 29, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today Get Your Credit Cards Ready - Android In-App Billing System Now Live (P.S. Devs, No More Separate Lite/Paid Apps, Please) 2011/03/29 8:34pm PDTMar 29, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Upgrade Your Android Phone's External Storage With A-Data Turbo 16GB Class 6 MicroSD Card - Review And Benchmarks 2010/03/29 11:15pm PDTMar 29, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 110 queries | 0.490s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Fitness News / Android Wear 2.0 rollout is finally under way - but why only 3 watches? Android Wear 2.0 rollout is finally under way - but why only 3 watches? by Chris Smith 12 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Google officially launched Android Wear 2.0 with the LG Watch and LG Watch Sport back in February, but the promised update for legacy devices has remained on the back burner since. Now, Google has announced the update is coming top a few select watches. Three to be precise. If you’re then lucky owner of the Casio Smart Outdoor Watch or the Fossil Q Founder or the exceptionally lucky owner of the Tag Heuer Connected then you should receive Android Wear 2.0 by April 4 (via Ars). Related: Android Wear 2.0 - supported watches and release dates Google has received an extensive list of those devices scheduled to receive the update, but there’s no news on when the further roll out will take place. The company has announced these watches thus far: ASUS ZenWatch 2 Asus ZenWatch 3 Casio Smart Outdoor Watch Casio PRO TREK Smart Fossil Q Founder Fossil Q Marshal Fossil Q Wander Huawei Watch LG G Watch R LG Watch Urbane LG Watch Urbane 2nd Edition LTE Michael Kors Access Smartwatches Moto 360 2nd Gen Moto 360 for Women Moto 360 Sport New Balance RunIQ Nixon Mission Polar M600 TAG Heuer Connected So, what’s the hold up, Google? Of course, this will be no surprise to those gadget fans used to Android software updates. The Android O Developer Preview just arrived with Android Nougat currently being enjoyed by under 3% of users. A flood of Android Wear 2.0 devices were announced at MWC 2017 and the recent Baselworld expo. Perhaps Google is just hoping people get fed up and buy new watches? Are you fed up of the Android ecosystem's inability to get you the latest features on a reasonable timescale? Share your frustrations in the comments below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum All Products 3D Printers Antivirus Baby Monitors Bluetooth Speakers Cameras (360 Degrees) Cameras (Action) Cameras (All) Cameras (Bridge) Cameras (Compact) Cameras (DSLR) Cameras (Home Security) Cameras (Mirrorless) Cameras (Phone) Cameras (Waterproof) Cloud Backup Services Computers (All-in-One) Drones Fitness Trackers Game Controllers (PC) Gaming Headsets Gaming Keyboards Gaming Mice Gaming Monitors Gaming PCs Gift Ideas Golf Tech GPS Watches Headphones ID Theft Protection iPhone Lenses iPhone Trade-In Deals Key Finders Keyboards (Ergonomic) Kid Trackers (GPS) Kitchen Tech Laptops Mini PCs Mobile Network Modems Online Fax Services Parental Control Apps Phone Carriers Phone Plans Photo Books Photo Calendars Photo Storage Sites Photo-Editing Software Portable Chargers Printers Robot Vacuums Routers Screen Mirroring Devices Smart Home Hubs Smart Home Tech Smart Locks Smart Scales Smart Thermostats Smartphones Smartwatches Soundbars Speakers (Outdoor) Streaming Players Streaming Services TV Antennas TVs TVs (4K/Ultra HD) Virtual Reality Headsets Wi-Fi-Extenders MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Routers Review Linksys Velop: Powerful But Erratic Mesh Router by Brian Nadel Mar 29, 2017, 3:24 PM Linksys Velop in Best Wi-Fi Routers 2017 The good Dedicated connection between devices Strong throughput at medium range Uses latest Wi-Fi technologies The bad Inconsistent results during lab tests Expensive Lacks USB port Verdict The Linksys Velop is pretty powerful, but it's also pricey and delivered inconsistent test results. 7/10 Very good - The Linksys Velop mesh-router system can turn a large home into a Wi-Fi playground, with a far-reaching network that delivers high-speed data to every corner. At medium range, it had the most powerful throughput of any mesh-router system we've tested. But the Velop system is more expensive than many of its peers, and the performance of its mesh network was less than dependable in our lab tests. At the Velop's price range, we prefer the similar, but more consistent Netgear Orbi. Pricing and What You Get The $500 kit I evaluated contained three Velop units, each of which could act as either the host router or a satellite node; Linksys rates each node to cover 2,000 square feet by itself. There is also a $350 Velop two pack and a $200 single Velop unit. (In our tests, the router by itself had a long range.) Design The Velop's squarish, white tower units are 7.5 inches tall and 3 inches wide and deep, smaller than the Netgear Orbi units but much larger than theLuma or Google Wifi hockey pucks. The Velop towers can be hidden fairly easily, yet they're kind of interesting-looking and could be left out as conversation starters. Credit: LinksysEach Velop tower has a single LED on top that unobtrusively glows blue when everything is working properly. The LED turns yellow when the unit has lost contact and red when there's no internet connection. Like the Orbi system, which it resembles in many ways, the Velop system has a tri-band design, creating a single 2.4-GHz network and a pair of 5-GHz networks on different sections of the bandwidth range. Whereas the Orbi's backhaul (communication between router nodes) is fixed to one of the 5-GHz bands, the Velop dynamically switches the backhaul between the two 5-GHz bands to optimize connection speeds. (You can use Ethernet for the Velop backhaul instead, freeing up even more wireless bandwidth, if you have enough cable.) Credit: LinksysOn the bottom of each Velop unit, you'll find a power connection, an on-off switch, a reset button and a pair of gigabit Ethernet ports. On the unit acting as the router, one of the Ethernet ports connects with the broadband modem. All the other Ethernet ports on the devices can connect to a networked appliance (such as a storage drive) or to other Velop devices. However, there are no USB ports, so connecting a local printer is out. There's also an oddity hiding inside the Velop devices: Each has a ZigBee radio for controlling home-automation devices, but it's inactive for now. A Linksys representative told us that the company is working on enabling the radio. Specs Wi-Fi Spec: 802.11ac/Tri-Band Router-Extender kit Number of Antennas/Removable: 6/No Ports: Two 1Gbps LAN, power Processor: Quad-core ARM 710MHz Memory/Storage: 512MB/4GB WiFi Chip: Qualcomm IPQ4019 plus QCA 9886 for data backhaul channel Peak 802.11ac Performance: 527.1Mbps (at 15-feet) Range: 90 feet, router only Size: 3.0 x 3.0 x 7.5 inches Features The Linksys Velop kit creates a 2 x 2 802.11ac limited mesh network, theoretically capable of 2.2-Gbps performance. Unlike the Netgear Orbi, the Velop units create a true mesh arrangement among themselves. This means the nodes can be "daisy-chained" to pass data from one to the next without having to go back through the central router. Credit: LinksysEach Velop system is based on the Qualcomm IPQ4019 Wi-Fi control chip and radio and has a 710-MHz quad-core ARM-based processor, 512MB of RAM and 4GB of solid-state storage space. They are fed with data from the host router via a Qualcomm QCA 9886 chip. Inside, each Velop unit has six antennas, two for each network, as well as a Bluetooth radio used for configuring the system. (The three Wi-Fi networks all have the same SSID and will be viewed as a single network by client devices.) You can link up to 10 Velop devices to cover an enormous home. Each Velop unit uses MU-MIMO (multiuser, multiple input, multiple output) technology to deliver concurrent streams of data to several clients at once. Not all mesh-router systems support MU-MIMO, which can make a noticeable difference with new laptops and smartphones. MORE:Best Wi-Fi Routers Performance In Purch Labs' real-world testing with IxChariot software, a single Velop unit, acting as a router, pushed an average throughput of 527.1 Mbps at 15 feet from our laptop. That's slightly off the Orbi's top average speed, which was 552.1 Mbps at 5 feet. Router Performance Compared (in Mbps)* AmpliFi HD Google Wifi Linksys Velop Netgear Orbi 5 feet 368.17 464.36 412.34 552.11 15 feet 377.73 +2.6% 440.90 -5.1% 527.10 +30% 510.90 -7.5% 50 feet 350.83 -4.7% 389.74 -16% 459.35 +11% 447.13 -19% 100 feet 293.82 -20% 227.22 -51% 330.06 -20% 371.42 -33% 150 feet 230.86 -37% 33.79 -93% 288.42 -30% 229.07 -58% * Line-of-sight testing with a single router point. Percentages indicate change from 5-foot measurement on same device. Unfortunately, as our test laptop moved closer to the Velop, performance dropped off sharply to 412.3 Mbps at 5 feet, one of the biggest proximity drop-offs we've seen. At that distance, you might want to plug into the free Ethernet port instead. At greater line-of-sight distances, the Velop did better. It pushed 459.4 Mbps at 50 feet, 330.1 Mbps at 100 feet and 288.4 Mbps at 150 feet. The latter score compares favorably to the Orbi's 229.1 Mbps and Google WiFi's 33.8 Mbps at the same distance. Still, be warned that Velop was one of the most inconsistent router kits we've reviewed. It was unreliable in certain complicated topologies, such as if the signal travels through or around several obstacles. Readings taken in the same configurations on different days varied widely. We did not see similar issues with the Google Wifi or Netgear Orbi. In 15-foot material-penetration tests, the Velop's powerful Wi-Fi transmitter was able to punch through a wall lined with metal shelves, showing 560.0 Mbps of throughput emerging on the other side, versus Orbi's 455.7 Mbps on the same test. (The metal-shelved wall even improved on the Velop's 15-foot line-of-sight throughput.) Data Penetration Compared (in Mbps)* AmpliFi HD Google Wifi Linksys Velop Netgear Orbi Metal 343.45 -9.1% 396.39 -10% 559.95 +6.2% 455.70 -11% Soundboard 369.51 -2.2% 402.55 -8.7% 381.66 -28% 549.99 +7.7% Ceiling 390.21 +3.3% 425.2 -3.6% 67.80 -87% 424.12 -17% *Throughput from a single router point passing through ceiling and walls of different compositions. Percentages indicate change from 15-foot line-of-sight measurement. However, a wood-beamed ceiling cut the Velop's throughput by a whopping 87 percent, to a measly 67.8 Mbps. We saw nothing like that from the AmpliFi HD, Google Wifi or Orbi. Adding a Velop relay unit between the router unit and our test laptop, our single-hop test, didn't improve throughput noticeably, whereas the Orbi's was boosted in this configuration. Adding two Velop relays, the double-hop test, actually decreased throughput. Single-Line Extension Hop Test (in Mbps)* AmpliFi HD Google Wifi Linksys Velop Netgear Orbi Single Hop (100 feet) 219.93 -25% 175.57 -23% 331.62 +0.5% 475.87 +28% Double Hop (150 feet) n/a 128.90 +282% 223.22 -23% n/a *Extensions placed every 50 feet between router and endpoint. Percentages indicate change from line-of-sight tests at same distances without extensions. By contrast, a single relay decreased the Google Wifi's throughput, but two relays nearly tripled it. Unlike the Velop or the Orbi, the Google Wifi has to split its bandwidth between backhaul communications and communications to client devices. But as a weaker device overall, the Google Wifi benefits from having more relays at medium distances, while the stronger Velop units may be interfering with each other. In the most complicated Purch Lab tests, a two-unit Velop system grabbed a signal sent 30 feet through two walls, then bounced it 15 feet up to the floor above, showing a throughput of 427.0 Mbps. That's a boost of 250 percent over the single-unit Velop score with the endpoints in the same locations, and roughly on a par with Orbi's 429.1Mbps, but much better than Google Wifi's 189.9Mbps. 3D Extension Hop Tests (in Mbps)* AmpliFi HD Google Wifi Linksys Velop Netgear Orbi 30 feet thru 2 walls (point A to point B) 393.32 251.09 371.03 333.64 33 feet thru wall, ceiling (A to point C) 192.47 36.75 121.81 119.99 48 feet thru 2 walls, ceiling (A to point D) 99.72 4.42 40.29 47.35 One hop, 45 feet thru ceiling, 2 walls (A to B to C) 202.08 +5.0% 189.92 +417% 427.00 +250% 429.13 +258% One hop, 68 feet thru ceiling, 4 walls (A to B to D) 158.01 +58% 73.23 +1,557% 332.79 +726% 245.66 +419% Two hops, 80 feet thru ceiling, 4 walls (A to B to C to D) n/a 56.63 +1,181% 145.41 +261% n/a *First three tests involve direct router-to-client communication, with client laptop moving to new rooms and floors. Second three tests add extensions to same configurations. Percentages indicate change in data throughput between two sets. When the client laptop was moved even farther away, the Velop stayed strong, beating out the Orbi easily, but adding a second Velop satellite node cut the throughput in half. In an old, three-story, suburban house, a single Velop node stayed connected to an endpoint device for 90 feet. This makes it better for a large home than the Luma, with its 65-foot range, but worse than the Netgear Orbi router and its 125-foot range. An Orbi two-unit system would likely roughly equal out with the Velop's daisy-chaining three-pack. Using three nodes, the Velop system conquered the 3,500-square-foot home and doled out between 47 Mbps and 114 Mbps of a broadband connection rated at 100 Mbps. The Velop system passed our informal saturation test, which simultaneously involvesApple iPad Pro andMicrosoft Surface Pro 3 tablets playing videos, aSamsung Tab Pro S playing an internet radio station, and aMacBook Air moving data onto and off of a network-attached storage system. All the audio and video came through without any glitches. Setup, Warranty and Support While it doesn't presume that you know anything about networking or Wi-Fi, the Velop setup process is tedious. The devices are not pre-paired with each other, and you need to install the iOS or Android Linksys app, which until recently was called the Smart Wi-Fi app. (Don't use the Linksys Connect app, which is for "dumber" Linksys routers.) There's no browser-based setup process available; the Orbi is one of the few mesh routers that offer this. The Velop startup sequence is peppered with illustrations that show what needs to be plugged into what, which color the device's LED should be and how to change your mobile device's Wi-Fi connection, which is something you'll need to do twice. At the end of the process, you can change your network's name and password. Once the router is running, you can click to add a node, which starts the software's search for the extension. If you're lucky, it'll find the node. If the node is too far away, the app will tell you to move the node closer to the router. Once the connection is made, the router sends its configuration data to the node and the node restarts. Setting up three devices took 20 minutes. Velop devices each come with a three-year warranty, which leaves the Google Wifi's, Ubiquiti Amplifi HD's and Luma's single years of coverage in the dust. Linksys offers 24/7 access to support technicians via email or phone. There's also an excellent manual in the box that explains how Velop devices connect and how to make the most of them. MORE: What Is a Mesh Router, and Do You Need One? Customization Regardless of whether you use the Android or the iOS app, the software runs in portrait mode, as do the apps for the Netgear Orbi, Luma, Ubiquiti AmpliFi HD and Google Wifi. The Dashboard shows a good overview of the network, displaying internet status, the number of devices connected, and whether parental controls are on or off. The Administration page shows the firmware version and a way to automatically update it. The firmware updates are encrypted during delivery, but the firmware doesn't self-authenticate during startup. You can select up to three client devices on your network that will get top data priority. If you think your network connection is flagging, the app's Speed Test page measures its latency, upload speed and download speed. The software also lets you set up port forwarding, IPv6 addressing and a guest network, and you can have the system email you when a node disconnects. On the downside, you can't adjust the transmission level or the channel width. The Velop doesn't support static IP addressing, but you can use the system's DHCP reservations to achieve the same effect. Smart Home Integration Like many of its mesh-system rivals, the Linksys Velop works with Amazon's Alexa voice assistant, although for the moment it can only turn a guest network on or off and reveal the access passwords for the main and guest networks. Credit: LinksysAs we noted earlier, each Velop has a built-in but currently dormant ZigBee radio, which promises much wider integration with smart-home devices in the future. MORE: Smart Home: A Guide to Products, Services and Security Security and Parental Controls Each Velop device comes with a preprinted label underneath with its semi-random network name, password and recovery code. Each of these should be safe to use while setting up the system, but should be changed at the first opportunity. The Velop uses WPA or WPA2 encryption for connecting with client devices. The older WEP encryption standard is not supported, and you may have to use Ethernet to connect some pre-2003 devices. The Velop does support Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS), which creates a limited security risk but also makes it much easier for less-tech-savvy people to use the system. The Linksys app's parental controls are a step up from Google Wifi's. You can "pause" the internet feed so the family can concentrate on, well, the family, but you can't set that up to occur on a daily or weekly schedule. The app can block websites based on categories or individual sites, but it lacks the Luma app's easy-to-understand G, PG, PG-13 and R ratings. Bottom Line The Linksys Velop can easily fill a large home with Wi-Fi signals, but it  isn't the cheapest, the fastest or the most consistent router system. You'll need to use your phone or tablet to set it up, and at $500 for three units, it's among the most expensive mesh kits available. Overall, we prefer the similar, and equally expensive, Netgear Orbi system, which was more consistent and easier to set up. 7/10 Quick Take The tri-band Linksys Velop router system creates a wide-reaching Wi-Fi network and delivers lots of throughput at medium range. But it's expensive and was inconsistent in our lab tests. For the same price, consider the excellent Netgear Orbi; for less money, try the Ubiquiti AmpliFi or Google Wifi. - About the author Brian Nadel @nadelbrian Brian Nadel is a freelance writer and editor who specializes in technology reporting and reviewing. He works out of the suburban New York City area and has covered topics from nuclear power plants and Wi-Fi routers to cars and tablets. Read more Routers Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Off-Topic / General Discussion forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish No comments yet Your comment Comment Firstname Submit Latest in Routers News Netgear Unveils Two Cheaper Orbi Mesh Routers Best Picks Best Wi-Fi Routers 2017 by Brian Nadel Mar 20, 2017, 2:40 PM Review Netgear Orbi Review: The Mesh Router to Beat by Brian Nadel Mar 20, 2017, 1:54 PM Reference Modem vs. Router: How They're Different and What They Do by Anthony Domanico Mar 12, 2017, 10:00 AM Reference What Is a Mesh Router, and Do You Need One? by Sarah Brown Mar 5, 2017, 6:00 AM News F-Secure's Router Promises to Protect Your Smart Home by Paul Wagenseil Feb 16, 2017, 1:28 PM News Not Again! These 31 Netgear Routers Need Fixes ASAP by Henry T. Casey Jan 31, 2017, 8:10 AM The Latest On Tom’s Guide Round-Up 7 hr 20 Best Music Apps Round-Up 8 hr iOS 10.3 Arrives: Here Are the Top New Features News 8 hr Galaxy S8 Pricing Revealed: What It Costs From Every Ca... Review 8 hr Linksys Velop: Powerful But Erratic Mesh Router News 9 hr Revamped $129 Gear VR Gets New Look Inside and Out News 10 hr Samsung Planning High-End VR Headset for Gamers Round-Up 10 hr Best Big Phones: Top Picks 5.5 Inches or Larger Best Picks 10 hr Best Smartphone Cameras 2017 Deals 10 hr Garmin Forerunner 230 Just Dropped to Lowest Price Yet Round-Up 11 hr Most Anticipated Phones of 2017 Hands-On 12 hr Galaxy S8 Hands-on: Return of the King News 12 hr Galaxy S8 vs. GalaxyS8+: Which Phone Should You Get? Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: The Pixel Launcher is getting a revamped look for some users Newsby John Callaham4 hours ago 24 279 11 When the Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones launched in October, they also came with the Pixel Launcher. It did away with the traditional Google search bar, and instead presented owners with a redesigned Google “pill” widget on the left and a weather and date widget on the right. Now, there’s word that a new version of the Pixel Launcher has started appearing on some Pixel phones, and it seems to be going back to its roots. See also: Problems with the Google Pixel and Pixel XL and how to fix them 2 weeks ago The new look of the Pixel Launcher, as first reported by Android Police, ditches the weather and date widget and turns the Google widget into a full search bar again that extends to most of the display. There’s no word as to why Google is making this change, but if we were to speculate, we would guess that many users prefer seeing the simple search bar on top compared to the somewhat more complicated design it originally had. If you own a Pixel phone and want to get the new Launcher design immediately, you can do so by clearing the data in the app. Be aware this move will wipe out your home screen layouts. Alternatively, you can just wait until Google rolls out this new design automatically. What do you think of this revamped Pixel Launcher? Do you like it or do you prefer the original look. Let us know in the comments! News Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, Pixel Launcher Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, Pixel Launcher  Android Police John Callaham John was a newspaper reporter before becoming a technology and video/PC gaming writer in 2000. He lives in Greer, SC with his wife and five cats. Show 24 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago60 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News App Annie: For the first time, Android app spending will be higher than iOS i... 18 minutes ago The Pixel Launcher is getting a revamped look for some users 4 hours ago Ubisoft reveals Tom Clancy’s ShadowBreak shooter-strategy game for Android 7 hours ago Samsung Galaxy S8 feature focus: Bixby 8 hours ago The Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus’ displays are Full HD by default, but can be ... 8 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Official] Google Keyboard is now Gboard with v6.0 update—includes integrated search, dedicated number row, multiple active languages, and more [APK Download] Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2016/12/17 2:10am PDTDec 17, 2016 81 Plus 1 on G+ 242 Share on Facebook 83 Share on Twitter Total Shares406 Applications Google News Update 1: 2016/12/17 2:43am PST GBoard is now official. Google announced it on its Keyword blog, focusing on the new search and share options, multilingual support, and GIF insertion. Google released a keyboard app for the iPhone some months back called Gboard, and everyone was wondering if it would come to Android. Well, now it has as the v6.0 update to Google Keyboard. It's not only a name change, though. There are a few important new features, including a search shortcut and true multi-language support. The update is still rolling out, and Google has not yet posted an official changelog. Here's what we've spotted so far. G button (enabled in settings) offers quick access to search from the keyboard Pop-out toolbar (when G button not enabled) provides access to themes, settings, one-handed mode, and search Optional dedicated number row Up to three active languages with preference for one (previously had to switch) Gesture typing is now called Glide typing. Search for emoji Rearranged emoji panel with group selection at bottom Emoji have bright halo effect around them GIF button is always shown, but disabled in apps without support. We'll update if we spot anything else, but this should be most of it. Keep in mind, the G button is optional because you can still access integrated search from the toolbar pop-out. It's just one extra step. It's up to you if you prefer to just have the button. That's cool and all, but the dedicated number row will make a lot more people happy. You have to turn that on in settings as well. Those on the team who speak multiple languages seem quite excited about the multiple language support too. You can actually type in up to three of them without manually switching keyboard modes. This is similar to the way SwiftKey does it. The update is just starting to roll out, but we've got the new version on APK Mirror (Android 4.2 and higher). Note, it's in a different area of APK Mirror than the old Google Keyboard, but it is just an update. Update 1: 2016/12/17 2:43am PST GBoard is now official. Google announced it on its Keyword blog, focusing on the new search and share options, multilingual support, and GIF insertion. End of Update Download: Gboard (Play Store) Tags apk apk download apps gboard Google Keyboard subscribe ... Previous Story Most Wanted: Android Police's five favorite accessories from 2016 ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Anki Overdrive Starter Kit is down to $99.99 on Amazon ($50 off) Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments Avieshek Rajkhowa Any news oF SD660? Fan guy Rita will be happy for that number row :P Someone iOS got it first couple months ago if I remember correctly. Brad "Google released a keyboard app for the iPhone some months back called Gboard, and everyone was wondering if it would come to Android. Well, now it has as the v6.0 update to Google Keyboard. " AbbyZFresh iOS users barely even use Swiftkey. Let alone Gboard. K.P. Smith Good info. Ryan should include that in the very first sentence of this article that your commenting on ... Marko Šaric Great. Now I'm smearing egg on my phone screen cause I can't wait until I finish eating. Downloaded. Robert Trance You could have used voice control if ON?!! Marko Šaric It's not a big deal. It got wiped off. Robert Trance What phone if i might ask...? Marko Šaric Nexus 5x. jesuguru Knuckles (for screen)? Fork and knife (for eggs)? Marko Šaric Hand for dipping bread in egg yolk. Dominic81 "multiple active languages" FINALLY!!! WORPspeed THIS!!! SO much this! I was excited for gboard, but lack of this was holding me back, but reading that it is now included, I can say ADIOS SWIFTKEY! Or maybe it doesn't work as good :P Swiftkey isn't bad, just excited about gboard :D motoridersd Same! I love SwiftKey, but it can do some annoying things from time to time. I'm definitely going to be check out this new Gboard. WORPspeed And I already switched back to swiftkey. The delete swipe gesture on gboard is just horrible, it should just delete 1 word per swipe, not every either 1 letter or the whole sentence.....needs an undo button. The layout...well I'm just used to Swiftkey's layout and the way swiftkey is smart enough to isnert a space after a comma....small things that make gboard a horrible experience for me. I do keep it around incase I want to sent a gif/meme image, it's easier switching keyboards then apps :D motoridersd Yeah, the placement of the question and exclamation marks on Gboard is awful. Too many taps to get to them (they're probably hiding behind another key, but I didn't go hunting for them). Not getting a space after a comma, or getting a space after a word when putting in a question mark was annoying. The delete gesture is definitely not good on Gboard. Jordan Long press m or n is too many taps for question marks and exclamation points? Or press and slide on the period key? They're all very easy to get to. Also the slide-to-delete action is great. I don't know of any keyboard that does it in a significantly better way. motoridersd Turns out I had the symbol setting turned off, so I didn't see any of the characters on the letters or the period. The slide to delete on Swiftkey works very well because it works on the whole keyboard, not just on the backspace key. I've been spoiled by just swiping anywhere to delete a typo. You have to disable flow typing for this to work, but I don't miss that feature. Zorkos You don´t need an undo button. After you delete something the deleted text will appear as a suggestion Urs Müller It also doesn't seem to predict the next word. Instead it shows options for the currently swyped word... Also back to Swiftkey for now. Rapper_skull My dream came true. Rod Our* Rod What? Like in Swiftkey? rauldzmartin Exactly. Mario Porfírio Souza I hope that feature works well, because in swiftkey dont work well HARAMBE It doesn't even correct italian words with some french shit! GLORIOUS Vincent Bye bye SwiftKey samiazza Can somebody explain how does this work? Georgiy Alexandrov I guess it will predict words for both languages depend on what you type in, without need of switching languages manually. Apps By Usman basically what swype provided years ago :) (it's good to see google adapt it) bat0nas Exactly. Been using multiple language in Swype for years. HaltestelleLuitpolthafen I text in both German and English, but 75% of the time in English. I don't have to go into settings and manually switch it from English to Germany anymore, I can have it do it on the fly and set it to prefer English since that is what I predominantly speak. Felix /Offtopic When I interpret your username right you're from Mannheim? Why do you speak English predominantly? ;) mitchilin You don't have to go into settings. Just press the world icon on the keyboard and it changes language instantly. I've been doing this for years with German. snoop doge what do you exactly mean by it? Ashish Bogawat It is a good start, but Swiftkey has quite a headstart with support for many more languages. It (Swiftkey) even does English & Hindi, even though they use different scripts. I type in English and it suggests matching Hindi words along with the English suggestions. Ash Google has that as well, but that keyboard is Google Indic keyboard prediscover no asian language support though :( Ash Hindi, Tamil etc are Asian language. Fir Chinese there is seperate keyboard prediscover I thought Hindi had a separate keyboard too jenderalcilik I too excited for this. I installed right away after reading that sentences. I mean I always loved Swiftkey, but sometimes I hate it when it loads so slow when I switch from app to app. I hope this worked well. Eddy Nelson Lopez This is so épico ahora puedo change languages sin tener que touch the world icono 😂😂 Total Insecurity Hahaha^^ Robert Trance LOL, you so won this thread.... Avishek Jajajajaja Lord Argyris One upvote, duly earned. El_Big_CHRIS My main reason for sticking to SwiftKey, maybe I'll finally ditch it iiku it is also available for chrome spellchecking. Vratislav Jindra "multiple active languages" I HATE IT SO MUCH!!! I've never used it on other keyboards which had this feature. When I'm tapping, the keyboard usually guesses the language correctly. But when I start the text with swiping, it's more like 50:50 - sometimes it guesses the correct word, but very often it also offers me a word from a different language. I'd rather keep pressing the "switch language" button on my keyboard to switch languages manually instead of relying on a technology which fails half the time. bidou I don't like it either. It always writes the wrong word from the wrong language. You can disable it in the keyboard options and go back to the normal "press the switch language icon" type. Vratislav Jindra You're right, I must have missed that setting. Thank you very much! Hamilton Jimenez Vasquez It's happening!! Aleluya! I've been waiting eagerly for this feature since Google Keyboard supports Gif images. Sorry Swiftkey but now is time to move on. HopTzop Too bad it doesn't work well, at least here it's a pain in the arse. Also sometimes doesn't get the whole sliding and gives just a letter, sometimes it gives a totally different word that has nothing to do with what you slide, but happens to start with that letter. They just made me buy Swype which feels like it's reading my mind and runs buttery smooth. Bewear ARM64 only :c aSquard http://www.apkmirror.com/apk/google-inc/gboard/gboard-6-0-65-141378828-release/gboard-6-0-65-141378828-armeabi-v7a-android-apk-download/ Bewear Thanks. Brian ARM64 though :( Phoenix FUUUUDGE Andy Roid Whaaaa Adrianus AJ Nadeak There's an ARM version available. Michael Carr Can't say I'm a fan of the name change, but the new features sound cool. Downloading! Phoenix OMG is this really happening ? is this really happening ? FINALLY Carson Saldanha Ohh yeah... https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4f2ee8ed9e24df5ba9a662d9616186472912325d74b164a358934193cba8e8ef.gif Phoenix I spoke too soon, it's still not happening for ARM owners lol just ARM64 Carson Saldanha Hopefully APKMirror will have the arm version soon. Artem Russakovskii Up now. Volodesi A number row? Finally. I can stop using SwiftKey. k0n And symbols hinting! I can have it set up almost exactly like SwiftKey now, but with added benefits and no extra app required :) FrozenHotChocolate Trying this right away!. But will still need a lot of improvements on the predictions front to pull me away from Swiftkey though. Michael Schaap Neat. Looks like it finally has most of the features I'm using Swiftkey for. (Number 1: multiple languages simultaneously – I tend to type in meerdere talen tegelijk; number 2: number row.) I guess I'll have to try it out and see if it beats Swiftkey yet. (Its prediction is still scarily accurate, though.) Rod It's been said here that it now supports multiple languages simultaneously. Michael Schaap Indeed. That's what I'm saying. Rod It's like a dream came true, until I saw the arm64 requisite.. Comediante "Optional dedicated number row" - It was about time! Only thing I miss is the hability to theme choosing colors (primary/accent) from a material color pallete and not just choose from a limited theme gallery. Jaime Andres Salame Borja Does it have Gif search? AdamH Yup, only works in Hangouts tho.. Artem Russakovskii Not only. In Messenger too. Badouken And Allo :P Abhilash Bingi Yup, but the app has to support it. Only Messenger and Hangouts do as of now. Rod No love for 32 bit. :( Baalinooo Not available for Nexus 6 then? :( Ten Bears not yet anyway... Rod Nope. CD RW ARM apk now available ntomka You don't have to wait for long. I got it through Google play update to my Honor 6 Plus, which is a 32bit phone. 😃 Rapper_skull Then upload the APK to APKMirror. EDIT: Never mind, it has already been uploaded. Rod Excellent news. Thanks! Carson Saldanha https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9835dd11c8683e36c4fcf70d1cd5c1ccbb48c6158a3019cd0c72fdcb6fce9949.gif Carson Saldanha https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4f2ee8ed9e24df5ba9a662d9616186472912325d74b164a358934193cba8e8ef.gif mx3 But no emoji prediction :( Caleb Lee ☹️ someone755 This guy does not use Gboard. cowboysfanzz Use Textra with Gboard it's heaven mx3 This has nothing to do with emoji prediction. cowboysfanzz Yes. Textra has emoji prediction XerBlade But it's a single SMS app, not something that magically adds stuff to the keyboard, so it doesn't help you in literally every other app on your device. wade_county I must be blind, where in the settings is emoji prediction in Textra? Corey Kinard If only Textra would use, or allow as an option, stock Android's quick reply in the notifications (where it sticks) and also added the stock inline reply option in heads up messages. It feels so cluncky to have their huge "quick reply" screen pop up now. I guess they could slim the app a bit by dropping the GIFs too since it's in Gboard. Marcus Clendenin You can search in the emoji keyboard. It's not as nice as the emoji prediction in Swiftkey but it does help when trying to find an emoji Cakefish Emoji search doesn't work for me. Just says "data for emoji search is not available". Weird. Checked permissions. Checked internet connectivity. Marcus Clendenin I saw a reddit comment that said the initial download needs to happen on WiFi? So maybe try doing that. I haven't been on WiFi today so I can't confirm whether that works Cakefish You sir, are a gentlemen and a scholar! Thanks! Jacques Ligier Can anyone confirm whether it works? Robert Trance I can predict for you... Marko Šaric Poll: What was your first search ever with gboard for android? AfrodanJ Pictures of Santa PHLAK What about gif support? Kyle Gospodnetich It's been there for months. Aaron I see it but it's crossed out here. Guess it only works on apps that support it. Artem Russakovskii Yeah, the button is now permanent, just disabled in app that don't support it, which is different than the previously confusing contextual GIF button. JSo You can now do a search with the keyboard which will pull up gifs in the results like it does by hitting the "gif" button. I tried it in Inbox but it inserts the link and not the gif itself. Anthony Castanza Its actually happening!! But what are we going to complain about now?! Oh wait, Allo. Nevermind. Michael Kennedy Fuckin' Allo... :( rauldzmartin Is it not killed by Google yet? Cesar Something something no sms fallback... Rapper_skull Multi-language is not exactly what I wanted. I now see IT - EN - ES, meaning that I will receive suggestions for Italian, English and Spanish. But what I really wanted was scrolling the spacebar to switch language, so that I can type Greek letters while writing. Unfortunately writing math will still be slow. Martin Can't you just tap the "change language" key? One tap, and there you have your Greek keyboard. Rapper_skull Nope, I also have other keyboards, so a lot of taps are needed. Martin I'm not talking about the "Change keyboard" button. I'm talking about the "change language" key next to the space key. You can enable it in the settings ("Show language switch key"), and it lets you cycle through your language with single taps. Rapper_skull Like the default Android button, it still cycles between keyboards. Martin That's strange. I have four different keyboards installed, and the language switch button only cycles through the different languages in Gboard for me. YouNex Long press number row for (some) Greek letters ! https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ad08d55f06a775a882ce447cac20fc395dae92cb2d45714f508054225311896c.jpg Tomáš Petrík Can you disable all of the top rows? No suggestions, no numbers, no G button, no themes shortcut... Just make it gone. I can do that in current version. If that option is gone, I will hesitate to update. I value screen estate. mattcoz Yes Tomáš Petrík Thanks! Igor Stanić How? mattcoz Oh, I see now that it still shows a bar with everything turned off in some apps. I tried it from the search bar and it wasn't there. Sorry about that. Tomáš Petrík Sadly, the answer is no. mattcoz Right, as I mentioned in my followup reply. Jaime Andres Salame Borja I wanted to search GIFs in Whatsapp? then i believe Whatsapp has to add the search engine... :( AbbyZFresh No gif support. Back to Swiftkey. Naxx ENVY It does support gifs... press the emoji button and its at the bottom,. the app has to support them too though senor_heisenberg Awesome. I'm so glad this was an update and not a separate app. Maxr1998 "Introducing Google Type, a smart keyboard with Google Assistant, tied to your phone number, and without SMS support." Vincent Don't give them ideas.. Clawz114 "The emoji panel was causing confusion with our users, so we have seperated this from the Gboard and Google Type to it's own dedicated emoji app, Gemoji." T4rd Hope they fix the the space bar cursor moving gesture, as it rarely works for my on my 6P. Sometimes if I try it for 20-30 secs it'll eventually remember I had that feature checked and start moving the cursor, so it's basically useless. Cory S Yeah, its a little stiff. I like the way it works on Chroma. Dehaha1 I agree, it's largely useless on my Nexus 5. It usually works on my second or third attempt, however at that point it would have been faster to just tap where I needed to go. On my iPad Mini 2 using GBoard it works much better, though sadly not as flexible as what is built into the default Apple keyboard. (Though I can't give up using GBoard, the gesture typing is too useful) mattcoz Are you holding and sliding or just doing a quick swipe? T4rd Tried it both ways several times. But I see now that if I do a quick swipe, it seems to work better, but still kinda inconsistent and awkward to use. Like your finger has to already be swiping before you touch the space bar, which doesn't feel right. So I think they need to tweak this gesture to allow you to do it while holding in on the space bar for a split second before swiping at least, esp since that doesn't have any other function associated with it (at least in my config). mattcoz No, you should NOT be doing a quick swipe. You hold it down and slide your finger, don't lift it until the cursor is where you want it. If that's not working, then there's something wrong. Martin I don't know if I'm just lucky, but I got it to work on the new Gboard on every single try so far. Previously it would always bring up the "Change Keyboard" menu instead, no matter how fast or slow I tried swiping. Simon I agree this function works much better with this new update. Berkay Did they add the two new keyboard themes that were on the pixel? Badouken Yes it has the blue color schemes for standard light and dark themes. Berkay I went ahead and got the APK because I was impatient, thank you anyway :) How do I use the GIF functionality? It doesn't seem to work anywhere. JSo Only works in apps that support it. Google Messenger, Hangouts and Allo. App developers apparently have to enable it themselves Badouken Mine didn't work at first but then randomly appeared after awhile. It appears when I clicked the smile icon at the bottom, it would then show a gif button next to it. Berkay Whenever I use the emoji search, it's so laggy... But google keyboard has been laggy for me since they introduced the update where they added all those new features like one handed mode. Tiuri Elvander I saw saw a video showing that the iOS version could send little screenshots of search results. I can't find a way to do that in this version of am I missing something?? Lazyboy0172 unfortunately doesn't look like we're missing anything. whenever I search for something it shows a "share" button but just inserts the text from the result as well as http link for the search. It's not the worst, but I'd much prefer to insert it as an image, especially in apps that support the official api for image insertion from keyboard. I mean it's already there with gif search, so why not make those shared search results as pretty in my text message as they are on the keyboard? Still very happy to be able to search from keyboard though, and be able to search emoji. Goodbye, Dango. Goodbye, Swiftkey. Please keep improving, GBoard. Paul_Werner I wasn't using Swiftkey but I was just like you regarding Dango. Glad to have it a part of the built in keyboard now saf1927 The multi language support works really well with two languages. Haven't added a third yet, but now Swift Key is really obsolete for me. Christopher Robert Does it allow for keyboard size scaling? How about better prediction? Themes? yep still not a good replacement for Swiftkeye. Tuck Choate Yes, yes, and yes. They're in the settings. Good thing Swiftkeye has good autocorrect. It'd be embarrassing to make a typo that contradicts your point online. Miku is Best Vocaloid "Multiple active languages". That look a long ass time to happen. br_hermon I want to like Gboard but it's lack of secondary key functions keeps me using SwiftKey. Abhilash Bingi What do you mean by "secondary key functions"? If you mean typing symbols by long pressing alphabets, you can do it in Google Keyboard. br_hermon Thanks the heads up! I never knew that. It's disabled by default. I had to go into settings to enable it. epsiblivion not a fan of all this rebranding to G products. must be new internal management on the apps. Ben G products... like what? Except this one? Perry Mason Gmail /s Todd I really hate that they did it to their email app. I don't think I'll ever get used to it. bikrame Hey guys, how do i add that numerical line above on keyboard. JSo Settings>Preferences>Toggle Number Row bikrame There is nothing like that JSo Then maybe it didn't update for you. bikrame I just downloaded. Vorastra https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a256e9e1393428c03b73ef88560b8959247cf4df2fb8b4664a215b5763527b9a.png bikrame https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cb2c9e011ee1cbea13883ec8e56c4afa707debc7c253dac399b7fa0841d64ae7.png Vorastra Super weird. You're missing the whole "Keys" section. bikrame May be its because i don't have stock Android ??!! Georgiy Alexandrov You downloaded it from Play Store? Then I suggest you check version number, it should be 6.0.65 bikrame ok now its going to sound super weird. I did download from play store and it says like this https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/599303b5bf88aff23f000101544e9f9f626e9d31d3a791cf557f08a8bef2ddb1.png Georgiy Alexandrov It's not really that weird, update probably not rolled out to you yet. You will get it a little bit later (or just download apk from link in article). And you should actually check app version through settings>apps>gboard (if you not seeing Gboard in apps try to look for Google Keyboard) https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/25eff26cc1692310ac42f8878e975697259b70c46702b63ed7fd373a8d67597b.png Kieron Quinn It's on staged rollout and hasn't reached you yet, use the APK Vorastra I'm not using stock android. Using an LG G4. Georgiy Alexandrov Settings > preferences > number row Alex Guitar This is mucho bueno for my Spanglish! Frisi *muy :P Frisi Bye Swiftkey. It's me or Swiftkey caused more "typos" than any other keyboard? Of course, Swiftkey would correct them, but I type better using Google's Keyboard. Now with multi-lingo support I'm more than happy. motoridersd I've been using SwiftKey for a long, long time since I have always needed two languages. I have not been using Flow since I live by the swipe to delete gesture. I love the SwiftKey prediction of emoji, I use it ALL the time, and I am very used to the layout of the keyboard. Trying Gboard for the first time, it feels odd, but it's easy to type in. It doesn't seem to always introduce the period after hitting space bar twice. Swiping the backspace key to delete a word is cumbersome because the surface is very small, so I'm missing that already. There is no emoji prediction, but the search is nice. Unfortunately it doesn't know the latest emoji like bacon, avocado or facepalm, but once they are in the recent window, this can be less of an issue. The prediction does not work in the search box, which is a shame, because searching Google without it is a PITA. Hurricane Andrew The prediction also does not work in Chrome or the Facebook search field. Big oversight. motoridersd Yeah, I use that a lot with SwiftKey. A new Gboard update just came through, wonder if they're tweaking these things. Christian yup and for this thing i still use swiftkey, is really helpfull the prediction in chrome ;) Freek Smulders This is pretty big! #NotMyPresident Why would you want an advertising company logging all your keystrokes? PVL_93_RU I'd rather trust them than my own government to do the same #NotMyPresident LOL. Okay..... /rolleyes 7-down It's in the settings. You can disable sharing of what you type. #NotMyPresident And if you believe that Google respects that, I've got a bridge to sell you. 7-down Hopefully it's the Golden Gate Bridge. I really like the way it looks. http://s2.quickmeme.com/img/ec/ec23811e3ebf097d66addd31391d2b84d094eb85cc37a9b74dec3475a722ca0c.jpg XerBlade Gboard settings > Advanced > Disable "Share snippets" (if it really bothers you that much) P.S. It never actually logs all your keystrokes, even with that enabled. Knowledgeborn Allah Yeah, I see how that could be a concern. They should've filtered the keyboard the way it is in iOS, since that would probably give a lot of people more peace of mind. For example, on iOS, you can't enter your password using Gboard for this exact reason. Whenever you have to enter a password or pin number, it automatically reverts back to the default keyboard (which doesn't store information) to prevent anything getting leaked. But, all in all, this version is pretty cool too. XerBlade ...Seriously, this isn't sending your passwords back to Google. Apple did things that way in iOS to prevent possible malicious third party keyboard replacements from taking advantage of that (which IS a concern in Android: seriously, you probably shouldn't go around installing random keyboards from people you've never heard of). This keyboard, being not-a-malicious-app and all, simply never includes anything marked as a password field in the "snippets" it sometimes [optionally] collects as statistical data for use in improving the app. Knowledgeborn Allah At least that's what they tell you... I'm not trying to sound like a conspiracy theorist or anything, but we don't really know what's happening behind the scenes. Google is an advertising company, and their job is to know as much about you as possible. Statistical data is one thing, but personal information is something different. Another thing that separates the Android version from the iOS version is that the Android version is tied to your Google account, while the one on iOS functions independently. That's how, on Android, they can share "learned words" across your Android devices. They can filter these through your devices because, since they're tied into your Google account, what you type (or at least some of it) goes through Google's servers. It's not anonymous data to just improve the app. It's data specifically about you, tied to your personal account. PVL_93_RU So when the G button is active - how do you switch languages? Do you just tap the same key? Is there a gesture like swipe the spacebar (swiftkey)? Frisi You don't have to now since it will automatically "change" as you type. PVL_93_RU I don't like that XerBlade The G button is unrelated. By default, it has multiple languages active simultaneously (so you just type and it intelligently figures out which language you're using as it goes). Or you can manually switch languages by long pressing spacebar (was already a thing in Google Keyboard). OR you can enable the dedicated language switch button in the settings (was also already a thing in Google Keyboard), which adds a button for manually switching to the left of the space bar (note the optional G button is on the left side of the suggestions pane, so again, completely unrelated). PVL_93_RU >OR you can enable the language switch button in the settings (was already a thing in Google Keyboard), which adds a button for manually switching to the left of the space bar Phew, thank god Kwetsima Maluleke Number row? Finally! Nuno G. Gboard?! What were these guys drinking?!? raazman The good stuff. tim242 Nothing good about this POS. raazman You're entitled to your own opinion. To me, the best keyboard out there just got better. tim242 Yeah, because a blank bar taking up screen real estate is so much better. I'm glad you like it. raazman What blank bar? tim242 The settings bar, above the keyboard. raazman https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2569deb1397c93e3c918c8e97290dbd8c70fafb66fa9d5277b20236aa34124a6.png Huh? What exactly are you talking about? tim242 That bar where you have suggestions. I don't use suggestions. If you disable suggestions, the bar remains as a blank bar. They do this on about every other version. raazman Ah ok, makes sense. I use the suggestions so I never had the need to remove it. Aaron Sounds like a personal problem. tim242 You sound like a blocked problem : ) Aaron Doesn't matter. You can't stop anyone from replying. Wis Ciao Swiftkey, this is soooo good - everything I wanted. Thx, Google... David Prieto What's with the emoji search? Why doesn't it return any results? JSo Emoji search is working for me. ADofCLE The number row is probably the only new feature I am going to use lol mattcoz Dedicated number row? Dedicated number row?! DEDICATED NUMBER ROW!!! Andy Roid Yes, that's what it says in the article mattcoz It sure does! Adrianus AJ Nadeak #DEDICATEDNUMBERROW yka1988 OMG finally! I just switched back to SwiftKey after months and months of using the super snappy Google Keyboard. Those were exactly the things I was missing, and especially the language features made me switch back recently. well, byebye Swiftkey, welcome back Gboard :) El Jefe this is great so now I can do GIF kb in Hangouts but only lif not via SMS. In the Google Messenger app, I can do GIF kb with SMS... I'm running latest everything 7.1.1 ahhh Jordan L I'm not seeing the G button on my Pixel XL. anyone else? I enabled it in settings. rebooting now. I also don't see any text predictions. the whole top bar is missing. EDIT: reboot fixed. XerBlade Make sure you're in an app that supports text predictions. It won't show up if you are typing in the Google search bar, for example. Bewear Emoji search not working for me. It might be because my device is set in Spanish. Scros97 A mi sí que me funciona en castellano la búsqueda de emoji! Bewear Not for me :/ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a56c197ba6b723f6ccc0ba473c4dc94277e9cac70a07f5146133052155fdc1f8.jpg Kieron Quinn I have the same issue, apparently you have to be on WiFi at least once for it to download. Shame I won't be until tomorrow. keithzg See this is when it pays to have two devices, so you set one to be a wifi hotspot, then trade off ;) Kieron Quinn My Nexus 5X IS a hotspot, because my flat wifi is broken Ashwin I've installed the app on wifi, have been on wifi the entire day and also tried the same with the new update and still the same error persists for me. What do I do? Cakefish Same but my language is English :( alessiolarva No way to search images directly from the keyboard? tim242 Great. From 41, to 72 MB running service, and laggy again uggggh Aaron Really? Not seeing any lag here. Maybe it's your phone? Would be the first time a Galaxy experienced lag... tim242 Yeah, because a Galaxy chooses which versions of Google Keyboard to lag on. *Eye roll JSo No lag here either. It's not the update. Rod Actually it's showing up as 100mb ish for me. Alex Feels like they finally fixed the Google keyboard lag. That is my only gripe with my Pixel XL ahtough that problem was also on the 6p). Cakefish "Data for emoji search is not available." What does that mean? Samson Don't know. It works for me. Cakefish What phone do you have and which Android version? I have Nougat 7.0. Samson Much appreciated update. I like it a lot! Rod This is the official Google keyboard. Samson It is now. And the problem still exists. So I had to go back to the older version of the official Google keyboard. Very disappointing. Dustin Mingo Swipe from backspace is gone :( Georgiy Alexandrov It still there, or did you mean something else? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/09a329c7a63ed9bb2bcdeec4f5376ebdb3d98d40b75e3f7e2788bf488a681485.png Dustin Mingo Setting's gone for me. I'll clear data and report back Georgiy Alexandrov That's good to hear JSo No it's not Rod It isn't. Steve Will they ever enable its auto-corrections/auto-suggestions when searching? Rocket Does anyone know what happened to picture background? JSo You mean in themes? It's still there Rocket On the old Google Keyboard you could select a picture as the theme, but it looks like its gone now. JSo It's still there for me. I don't know why it's not working for you Rocket Did you do it as an update or as a new installation?? JSo I installed the apk right over my existing app Rocket Im gonna reinstall Google Keyboard (and brave the clunky LG Keyboard) and then update to GBoard Rocket Got it working by selecting a theme and then updating. Now it's an option. Georgiy Alexandrov Working for me on 7.1 and 6.0 but not on 4.4. Well, that's weird Rocket I'm on 5.1 so maybe that has something to do with it? Corey Kinard You sure? I press the arrow on the top left of the Keyboard, press the pallet, and the first theme option for me in Gboard is the "My images" one Edit: way too late! Igor Stanić how to disable popup toolbar when g is not enabled???...it just takes up space...everything is fantastic except this freshprince_87 SwiftKey is still better Igor Stanić How to disable suggestion row ...i dont use it so it is blank...terrible Georgiy Alexandrov You can't, as far as i know tim242 Yep, they always fuck something up. I had to revert back. Igor Stanić Me too Archenuh How to you revert back this damn cancer of an app? Dave Okay, wow. This app somehow fucked up my Pixel XL. I've installed it and it always freezed and didn't let me close the keyboard anymore. So I force restarted where it got stuck. I've hold down the power button again to force restart and when it booted up I was set back to Android 7.1 (had 7.1.1) and I can't access recent apps, can get into the quick settings, have different system settings (for example it vibrates when pressing home although I had it disabled) and it doesn't get data connection. What is this? JSo I really don't think a little keyboard app could cause all that. The most that could probably happen is that the keyboard may keep force closing if you installed the wrong version but I don't think it would do all the things you said happened. Dave I don't know either. But that's how it went. Everything was working fine and after I've installed the keyboard and it kept freezing and therefore covering up half my display although I was on the homescreen I force restarted where it got stuck. One again force starting brought me to that situation I am in now. Zach Mauch LOVE LOVE LOVE the dedicated number row. I would also like the option to add a "tab" button to the keyboard. suavemezie No emoji predictions? JSo What are these emoji predictions everyone is bringing up? Georgiy Alexandrov A SwiftKey (or other keyboard) feature, something like this https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/045c7a98611e38f08413474280cb41eb8fd78121f38eae7386543f5cc4490eb2.png JSo Was this something that was shown by Google or that the GBoard on iOS has? Just seems everyone is bringing this up all of a sudden. Georgiy Alexandrov Idk, but I dont remember Gboard having this on iOS. I guess it just a popular feature that many custom keyboards have. DubeBoom While Gboard feels much faster and more fluid, there are some things I just like about Swiftkey like the easy access to ? and !. But I'll try using Gboard for a few days to see if I get used to it. JSo Turn on "Long Press For Symbols" for easy access to those. Ashish Bogawat I have that option, but with Swiftkey you don't even need to long-press. Just swipe left on the '.' key. Seems small, but is super efficient once you get used to it. mattcoz Another quick method is to swipe from the symbol key, see if that works for you. Adrianus AJ Nadeak It's not as easy on a wide phone like the Nexus 6. mattcoz True Rod Decrease the long press delay, set it to 120ms. It'll make your life easier. Arshdeep Singh Saini It doesn't install 😢 Nathan J Aww. Google Keyboard's growing up. It was always my favorite keyboard on Android, even though it lacked some features of other keyboards. It was accurate which is what I liked. "Gboard" is a downgrade. On iOS, the Gboard autocorrect is just off the wall. Microsoft's Flow Keyboard (did y'all get that yet?) is better for trace typing, but it will not learn new words. No curse words, no proper names... gotta tap that out. So I deal with Gboard since it will learn... but not from its mistakes. It might be a limitation of iOS, but Gboard on iOS is vastly inferior to Google Keyboard on Android. Coming from someone who has used both extensively. Craig Nelson I have both myself and you're right the auto correct on Gboard IOS is not as good as IOS native keyboard but I will say that the Gboard on IOS seems slightly better than the one on android when it comes to the fluidity of finding a search result and using it. Max Not a second-copy-of-the-same-app? S**t what's happened Google? mrjayviper finally catch up to iOS. Thanks google. I'll be enjoying this on my note4 as I've been doing on the Air2 and 6s+ itsatrap Its good but still no better than Swiftkey. Not even close. jl2222 ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ You can perform google search in Swiftkey? Find a gif without leaving the keyboard? itsatrap Those things are extras, keyboards are for typing. Swiftkey is still far better at it. On top of that, there is this annoying bug: https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=176390 Rod I agree. Swiftkey still has the lead. Azzy Fuck, only 3 languages at a time! Luckily SwiftKey can accommodate 5, just the number I need! Rod You speak 5 languages? Not bad! steb0ne Finally NERV I am still waiting for it to include those Asian languages so I don't need to download a worse separated one. xunknownx finally! been waiting for the google keyboard to have a dedicated number row. Albin Does it record keystrokes? Rod Of course. Machine learning is a thing. Umer Farooq It now also supports Urdu swiping and suggestions. Vincent Goh Asian languages? I need English, German, and Chinese. I don't need multi languages to include Chinese, but I don't want to switch keyboard app whenever I need to type Chinese. pfmiller Might be more realistic for them to add better English and other Latin alphabet language support to the Pinyin keyboard. I can understand them not wanting to clutter up their main keyboard with various input methods. Ramiro Fernandez I noticed something, don't know if it's new to this version but pretty sure it is. The keyboard will sometimes now correct *back* one word if the next word you type changes what it would predict. So I typed "I'm feeling" but when I typed "I'm" it detected it as "on". Then after typing "feeling" it changed the "on" to "I'm". Gave me options for the two word suggestion too (see screenshot). Doesn't always happen, I guess it depends on how close I was with my gliding and how confident it was with the original prediction. I've never seen this before, but it's really clever. I wish it would take context into account better when suggesting words in general. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/f788aeb53d108efe429fbde31f0cead3ef3ecba862432200ee25bd8e1eecf969.png Rod Yeah, I noticed it yersterday whilst replying to a Reddit comment. itsatrap Do you guys have this problem: https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/websearch/sxhRXvLfILk WesleySmalls Have they learned nothing from the IE6 toolbars? benjammin03 I am waiting for the google keyboard to have the swipe left to delete the last word. After using it on Swiftkey, it's impossible to use a keyboard without it. Portgas D. Ace Gboard does have this option. benjammin03 I think I tried this before, but I couldn't get used to having to start at the delete key. I'm used to being able to swipe left from anywhere. I forgot about it though, so I'm going to give it another shot since this is the only reason I still use Swiftkey. Thanks! Portgas D. Ace I used Swiftkey in the past but never gestures. So I had no idea it works differently there. Rod In Gboard, you'll need to swipe from the backspace key. But, it's more effective, as you can delete a 10,000 word text all at once. Portgas D. Ace https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/751b4dcb558130893fe4db757a19aa363e250b3b3f2f347889f55783a469ef98.png Rod Swipe horizontally from the backspace key, and you can even delete the whole text at once. Faheem Ahmed not available in 4.2+ Promethean Add Swypes select all/copy/cut/paste gestures and I'm sold, I use them a lot more than I thought and missed them from other keyboards. Jack Sparrow I find it very buggy. It shows only one result. No horizontal scrolling like on iOS. And the funny thing is, if you search for "gboard", it returns the result for slash keyboard! Is it just me or is everyone facing the issue? Rod What do you mean, horizontal scrolling? Savage Alien "Emoji have bright halo effect around them" Yeah, whose bright idea was this? It doesn't look very pretty. QeeYou i know right 😂, looks very bad in bright themes'. neonix One more new feature I noticed: you can now edit the current theme. I believe previously, you couldn't make changes once the image was set. Dobriy Her Still not available in Turkish play store keithzg Oddly enough, the Play Store is still reporting this to me as Google Keyboard, but showing the version to be 6.mumble, while if I go into Settings -> Languages & Input -> Virtual Keyboards I see Gboard. Portgas D. Ace I get it listed as Gboard the Google keyboard in the updates list and as Google keyboard in the play store listing. dylan-m So, anyone else finding the emoji keyboard uniquely irritating now? They're wasting a ridiculous amount of vertical space, they have *two rows* of tabs, and the bottom row of tabs appears where the space bar is (while the emoji key is right beside the comma key). I frequently end up looking at the plain text smileys keyboard because I happen to miss the comma key while I'm typing. (They probably shifted the keys over by a few pixels again). That would have been fine with the old keyboard because the key to go back was in the exact same place. Now you have to pause and look for it because *the entire layout suddenly changes*. Also, they only have three tiny squashed little rows for the actual emoji, which is as many rows as they have for chrome. It's completely terrible. It would not be hard to flip that first row of tabs to the top, squeeze the search button beside them (because it doesn't need to be a text box and they can probably kill a category or two), and maintain a consistent layout for the bottom row of keys. Anyway, this is the second time in six months they have made significant changes to the keyboard layout, unexpectedly screwing with peoples' muscle memory. I guess I shouldn't be surprised by Google any more, but, it's pretty bad form. Ashwin "Data for emoji search is not available" error when tryed to search emoji...Anyone else with the same error?? Even updated to 6.0.68 (first update after Gboard 6.0.65)...Still no luck...Guys, someone please help!! please Does anyone know how the f I can disable the stupid toolbar? I HATE it, it just takes up space and I'll never use it. Any drastic measure to get rid of it works for me. Archenuh I really need this as well. What the fuck is wrong with them adding that fucking stupid toolbar above the keyboard and not letting us DISABLE it?! please how to disable toolbar LOL How does active languages work? I don't get it Rod You can start writing a sentence in english and throw german words in the middle, and it will auto correct all of them according to their idioms... LOL So it only works with Latin alphabet? Rod No, those were examples. The app description on Play Store says it covers over 120 languages. LOL But I cant just write a sentence in English and then throw a word from a different language. To write anything in different language I MUST switch keyboard to that language in order to use that alphabet Rod I have English and Brazilian portuguese set, and I can start a sentence in portuguese, throw in some english words and finish in portuguese, and it will auto-correct all the words automatically. I don't need to tinker with anything at all. Just like in Swiftkey. LOL That's because Brazilian uses Latin alphabet. Its impossible to type a word in a different language if it's not Latin Rod Oh, I never tried another language that doesn't use latim alphabet. My bad. Scorpiax7 How does the "multiple active languages" thing works? i need an explanation, please -.- <3 Dmytro Gulivatyy If you have multiple similar languages installed you can type in both without switching and it will understand which one you meant. It should display the languages that are used on the spacebar key below. Rod You can start writing a sentence in english and throw german words in the middle, and it will auto correct all of them according to their idioms. Dmytro Gulivatyy Does anyone know why we're getting it so late? I remember people protecting Google not releasing it on Android because we had G Now on tap but I'm confused now. Mako g now on tap is somewhat hidden in Pixels, so this is a good alternative Dmytro Gulivatyy I know and I agree, but why hold out for months before finally releasing it here kinda saying "Hey, you guys can have it too, don't worry we haven't forgotten." Just feels like it. Mako yeah, I really don't know why it took so long Dmytro Gulivatyy Less resources? Harder to code for? I mean it's their OS. Maybe they didn't care enough because it's easier to search for something with the search bar always accessible, GNow on tap here, and they weren't in such a hurry. But now they come out saying this is a better way. Sometimes i cant understand their behavior. pfmiller Android already has plenty of easy ways to access Google search, so it probably wasn't a big priority. Mwikarago Christian Why doesn't auto suggestion work in chrome search bar? Any idea? Dmytro Gulivatyy It's always been like that. I don't know for sure if i'm right but i think it's because they don't want to mess up your query because it's a browser address field. Same goes for the Google search bar. They think you will want full control over what you're typing because it can get technical, unlike the usual chats you have with people in chat apps. It sometimes offers predictions itself but not always. One of the reasons i'm still with SwiftKey. Mwikarago Christian That's a weird decision on their part. The only time I need autocorrection is in the address /search bar as I usually search using recurring words. That's also the reason I'll stick with SwiftKey Dmytro Gulivatyy Yes, it's been discussed times and times again and even listed as a bug https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=176390 but i personally don't think it's one, they would've fixed it a long time ago. For what its worth i don't understand their reasoning either, you can still type and have it write what you meant and not autocorrect it but i also have other reasons to stick with SwiftKey(one being its better at autocorrecting something when GBoard thinks it was just gibberish and has no clue) but it's getting better and has its charm too. marclee Yes it has been always like this.. I kind of understand why Google wants autocorrect disabled in chrome address bar (not agree tho), I just can't understand it is disabled in Google search bar and YouTube..... Rod That's disabled in the app. Someone on Reddit revealed the code. Pedro Diego Fernández It seems I'm the only one having problems with the keyboard...sometimes I glide I can see it's writing the word I want but when I finish it just adds a letter... and the multiple active languages is too funky to use... had to switch back to aosp :( Navin Govindani Not a big fan of the initial release as it has many problems with Spanish, doesn't suggest anything with "ñ", hell it even tries to autocorrect anything I type with it, not to mention, the occasional lag, I understand it's an initial release but please get your shit together team! MikeOxlong The versions available on apkmirror are old (6.0.65). I currently have 6.0.69 on my 6p and pixel XL direct from the play store... Rod Contact Artem, maybe you can share your apk with them? SyCoREAPER Why does the Google Keyboard fdiffer from the AOSP one? Rod AOSP version is outdated and missing the newer features. It's a bare-bones version. SyCoREAPER Aosp in my opinion is functionally superior with the long press symbols for every key Rod That's also present in Gboard. SyCoREAPER Thanks that's interesting and must be new. Wasmt there a few months ago when I last tried it. pfmiller That's an option in Gboard SyCoREAPER Thanks that's interesting and must be new. Wasmt there a few months ago when I last tried it s427 I think I'll make the switch from Swype to Gboard for good now. The only thing still missing IMO are the gesture shortcuts (copy, cut, paste, select all, change capitalization), which are super useful in Swype. So, GOOGLE IF YOU'RE LISTENING YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO! dk mke That and the exclamation and question mark short cuts as well. By far the best features of any keyboard IMO. It's why I keep going back. Rod As a long-time Swiftkey user, I deeply miss the punctuation auto-spacing. drcaveman Anyone else having the GBoard just randomly stop accepting input? I fix it by hiding and clicking the text input box again. Seems to happen more frequently in messaging apps. freshprince_87 SwiftKey is still way better than this new Google keyboard. First of all, SwiftKey is better with word predictions. Secondly, SwiftKey has emoji predictions and Google keyboard does not. And lastly, the SwiftKey emoji list of emojis scrolls down📜 very smooth and fast. But instead in the Google Keyboard that same emoji list scrolls through multiple horizontal pages instead. It's very slow and takes forever if you are texting. Mace Moneta Still no control, alt or tab key (even just the option in advanced setting would be nice), which is annoying for those of us that ssh into systems. marrecar Ok I updated the app this morning and it completely broke it. No words show up on prediction bar, double space doesn't add a dot, can't delete by swiping to the left, can't move the cursor by swiping the spacebar. Plus the emoji menu looks awful. Does anyone have the same problem? I tried deleting data first, didn't work, then I replaced it with stock version, updated and still the same. obk88 very intrigued by gboard used it for 5 days went back to swiftkey...typing is just more effortless on swfitkey. Prediction is better on swiftkey, no suggestions in chrome or other apps is really annoying, gliding isnt as smooth and better emoji experience on swiftkey...google is going in the right direction but this app still needs work...for now im back on swfitkey but keeping an eye on gboard for sure Christian Wagner Jr Still too large of a keyboard. I have a Nexus 6P and with it on its smallest setting, the keyboard and the box above it take up just under half my screen! SE.Quence so what? just resize it in settings Christian Wagner Jr I did. Its set to the smallest setting. Went thru all the settings as well. If they only gave the option to make it smaller by one or 2 more sizes, I would dump swiftkey for this no problem. Not all of us have donut fingers and need keys THAT large SE.Quence Yep, I can agree that some of other keyboards can be smaller when set to smallest size. But setting GKB to lowest height is pretty decent IMO. Abhipsa Banerjee On Clicking the search emoji area it shows "data for emoji search is not available".. now i don't understand why. Can u help me with this? Anon Imus You may need to be connected to wi-fi the first time you want to use this feature Abhipsa Banerjee On Clicking the search emoji area it shows "data for emoji search is not available".. now i don't understand why. Anon Imus You may need to be connected to wi-fi the first time you want to use this feature sachouba It only took Google 3 years to add some features available on Samsung's keyboard and SwiftKey. And Google fans sound astonished... patrick yes i had the numbers row on my S4 stock samsung keyboard. but as far as autocorrection, i always found Google keyboard to be more accurate. SE.Quence Testing new GBoard on my 2 Nexus devices. Both running 7.1.1. Dictionary sync doesnt work even when account is set and sync was forced manually. By some reason, GBoard is not presented in Google sync settings (Accounts - Google) but IDK whether it should be here. Who else is facing this? Đức Thành I've been using the APK since a few days ago and autocorrection is still as horrible as ever, especially for Vietnamese. There's no options to set the aggressiveness level of autocorrection, and it's a pain in the neck to hit backspace multiple times for every sentence I type just to go back and fix the incorrectly autocorrected words. Not to mention Gboard now tries to autocorrects whole compound words and phrases, and every time I want to say: "Yo Google keyboard, I appreciate the effort but honestly you are not doing that well since you don't know the language or how I type that well, and your ultra aggressiveness in helping me is creating more trouble than it solves, so could you stop?" In the end just now I had to turn off autocorrection altogether, and now I have to face the problem of not having autocorrection for either language. I wish there were some middle grounds, but Google is too stubbornly extreme in its ways sometimes. Sigh. dhamp2g Vietnamese? ?? Honestly dude, English only ..... LMAO it corrects English well 😂😂 Đức Thành I'm afraid I don't fully comprehend what you mean. Yes it autocorrects English very well, but it has also started supporting autocorrection for Vietnamese since Google Keyboard 5.0, and that's my native language so there's nothing wrong with using that, and since the app itself officially supports the language... Arrgh forget it, you won't get it anyway. dhamp2g I understand , I was just saying all us english speaking folk only car about english problems LMAO :) mizrulez I'm not sure if it's just me, but I can't turn off the keypress pop-up in the latest update. I tried deleting data, but the option is still not there. I find the popups extremely annoying. 😏 ggggg Something extraordinary happened. Google updated Google Keyboard instead of creating another keyboard App. mwolverine i wish it would show suggestions when searching in google apps. I usually end up going back to swype because of this. Usman Nagi Only reason I am not upgrading is that I miss the no key delay feature. Is there any way to enable in this current build? It slows my typing down and I only type better with popups. Itchy_Robot Why don't they just put Google Assistant into this keyboard? Renan At least that hideous G button is optional tigerberry Oh hey, finally there's gesture typing for Hungarian! It only took... well, how many years? Too many, considering that other keyboards, even OEM keyboards have been able to do it since ages. And lemme check... yep, still no gesture typing for Japanese in QUERTY mode. Come on Google, even Huawei's keyboard can do it! (I miss the Xperia keyboard. :( I wish it was available for non-Sony phones...) Gwaur I wish there was a way to completely hide the extra row where that G icon is. I found a setting for hiding the icon but the row stayed. It's a goddamn waste of space for someone who's not gonna use it. Fahad Ahmed Why there's no Chinese language included??? That's disappointing. Természetjáró Gayboard. Sorry, I'll show myself out... Patel Nisha I would be happy with a backspace key! Or better still, when using a stylus, thus knowing I went to each letter precisely when swaping, the damn thing would input my entry versus some substitute word! Marco Reali I love GBOARD but two things are very very frustrating: 1. There is no suggestion bar when typing in Chrome. 2. The language switch takes to long to recognise which language I'm typing. I wish they woul reinstate the button for those who want that. I switch language pretty often and I find it horrible to have to re-type words over and over before it's in the right language. WestIndiesKING anyone else getting a little bit of lag when you first start it up after a while of not pulling up the keyboard? I am getting 1-3 seconds of lag before it starts only if i havent used it in a while, after that it flies. Pixel XL 128gb Daddyo Gordon Am I the only one who feels the google keyboard has gotten bloated and too big? There should be an option to keep it at one language, as pioneered by monolingual on the mac (gets rid of a couple Gb of unused languages that waste storage). Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 14 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 203 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 4 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 28 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 66 1 Year Ago Today Amazon Updates Its Policies To Ban USB Type-C Cables That Are Not Fully Spec Compliant 2016/03/29 8:29pm PDTMar 29, 2016 95 2 Years Ago Today Upbeat Monsters Icon Pack Fills Your Homescreen With Adorable Googly-Eyed Apps 2015/03/29 11:57am PDTMar 29, 2015 79 3 Years Ago Today Rumor: Google Now Will Help You Remember, Pay Your Bills [APK Teardown] 2014/03/29 11:55am PDTMar 29, 2014 69 4 Years Ago Today [New App] BBQScreen Mirrors Your Display On A Computer At 25FPS (Root Only) 2013/03/29 7:31pm PDTMar 29, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today WSJ: Google To Open Online Store This Year, Will Sell Tablets Independently Of Retailers (Perhaps With The Launch Of Jellybean) 2012/03/29 8:56pm PDTMar 29, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today Get Your Credit Cards Ready - Android In-App Billing System Now Live (P.S. Devs, No More Separate Lite/Paid Apps, Please) 2011/03/29 8:34pm PDTMar 29, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Upgrade Your Android Phone's External Storage With A-Data Turbo 16GB Class 6 MicroSD Card - Review And Benchmarks 2010/03/29 11:15pm PDTMar 29, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 62 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 105 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 62 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 105 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 116 queries | 1.059s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe to Businessweek Rollbacks are easy. Policy is hard. Photographer: Artur Kamalov/iStockphoto via Getty Images Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Tech The Mad Rush to Undo Online Privacy Rules Siva Vaidhyanathan is the Robertson Professor of Media Studies at the University of Virginia and the author of "Intellectual Property: A Very Short Introduction." Read More. @sivavaid March 29, 2017 4:01 PM EDT a | A By Siva Vaidhyanathan Washington and every state capitol are full of people committed to serious policy work. Some work for legislatures. Others work in agencies or for councils. Many work for non-governmental organizations and think tanks. This policy tribe, made up of people of all political persuasions, conform to some clear norms. They make proposals and arguments forged to convince those in power that their positions are disinterested, are based on empirically sound studies, would benefit more people than they would harm, and would serve the greater good over the long term. Even if a policy worker makes such an argument disingenuously, she or he conforms to these cultural expectations. That’s why the Federal Communication Commission studied the issue of online privacy for years, solicited public comment, deliberated openly, and ruled in 2016 that telecommunication and cable companies must not exploit the intimate relationships that consumers have with their phones and computers. This was a serious policy process. The commission considered measured arguments for and against the rules for harvesting, using, and selling personal records of how we use the Internet. And experts working for the FCC weighed in with their informed opinions before the rule was approved last October. Republicans in Senate and then House did the opposite this past week, voting along party lines to reverse the consumer protections. Comcast, AT&T, Verizon, and other companies have long wished to leverage personal data, seeing Google and Facebook making billions from it through customized advertising revenue. Most web sites, including Bloomberg.com, track Web use in order to deliver relevant advertisements to users. The ISP’s could not win a policy argument before the FCC, but Congress was willing to act quickly amid the flurry of big issues confronting the public in the first 100 days of the new administration. Once President Trump signs this bill into law, as he has pledged to do as part of his assault on Obama-era regulation regardless of their value, these telecommunication companies will be able to monitor all sorts of data use and cross-reference it with a user’s location, the time of day, and even the concentration of other service users. As more commerce occurs through phones, these companies could launch payment applications that muscle out similar services from Apple or Google. That kind of consumer data is especially valuable. Then, telecommunication companies could sell ads on the locked or home screen of a phone -- something even Google and Facebook can’t do. Beyond that, Congress is also removing regulations that made telecommunication companies responsible for the leads of valuable -- and possibly dangerous -- private information through security breaches. There is a weak argument that posits that by stripping these consumer protections from telecommunication companies Congress is leveling the competitive field between Verizon and Facebook. But such leveling need not occur on the backs of consumers. A better move, and one that would have to occur in concert with careful study and public deliberation by Congress, the FCC, and the Federal Trade Commission, would further limit how companies like Facebook and Google collect, store, and use consumer-generated information. But for the next four years we are unlikely to see any of these institutions take the interests of the public seriously. The best we can hope for out of this move is that Americans of all political persuasions move consumer protection, especially privacy, up in their list of concerns. While polls consistently show that Americans care about the issue -- a Pew survey from 2015 showed that 93 percent of American adults say that being in control of who can get information about them is important -- almost no one votes based on how a legislator or president protected privacy. Already we have seen commenters on Breitbart voice anger that Congress is pandering to anti-privacy lobbyists. Concern over possible federal warrantless surveillance of Trump associates and their dealings with major figures in Russia should generate privacy concerns among Trump critics as well as supporters. And Comcast remains one of most hated companies in America, down on the list with Goldman Sachs, Koch Industries, and BP. A popular movement for privacy protection is possible -- and hopefully it gains strength before a major privacy meltdown. However, American businesses and consumers will never enjoy stability and security until Washington rediscovers respect for policy makers and policy processes. Serious people should study these issues, construct proposals that take all stakeholders into account, introduce them carefully, assess their effects, and argue honestly about the best ways forward. Such habits remind us that we live in a country that takes the fate of its citizens seriously. I know, it seems an impossible dream. But it’s something we benefited from just a few months ago. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Siva Vaidhyanathan at sv2r@eservices.virginia.edu To contact the editor responsible for this story: Mike Nizza at mnizza3@bloomberg.net Facebook Twitter Email PrintComments Siva Vaidhyanathan is the Robertson Professor of Media Studies at the University of Virginia and the author of "Intellectual Property: A Very Short Introduction." Read more @sivavaid Most Popular Megan McArdle How Utah Keeps the American Dream Alive Timothy L. O'Brien Senators, Please Ask Jared Kushner About 666 Fifth Avenue Mihir Sharma Modi's Alarming Power Grab Siva Vaidhyanathan The Mad Rush to Undo Online Privacy Rules Noah Feldman Trump Wants a Win, But This Tax Plan Is a Loser Jonathan Bernstein The Cost of Trump's Deepening Unpopularity Noah Smith Staying Rich Without Manufacturing Will Be Hard View Contributors Noah Feldman Justin Fox Cass R. Sunstein Leonid Bershidsky ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Terms of ServicePrivacy Policy
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 58 adds support for full-screen Progressive Web Apps, minor UI changes, and tweaks to Custom Tabs [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/03/23 3:11pm PDTMar 23, 2017 23 Plus 1 on G+ 111 Share on Facebook 64 Share on Twitter Total Shares198 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 Changes to bookmarks and history 2 Removal of old New Tab Page UI 3 Chrome Custom Tabs 4 Progressive Web Apps can now go full-screen 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 58 has graduated to beta status, moving one step closer to the stable channel. This time around, Google has been working on new features for Progressive Web Apps (and normal sites), improvements to Chrome Custom Tabs, and more. Changes to bookmarks and history Some major design changes to Chrome are currently in development, but in the meantime, Chrome 58 has a few minor changes to the interface for bookmarks and history. Take a look at the screenshots below.     Left two images: Chrome 57; Right two images: Chrome Beta 58 The bookmarks screen hasn't changed much, just a larger space between folders and bookmarks. On the other hand, the history page now looks more integrated with Chrome, no longer opening chrome://history in a new tab. The delete buttons on history entries have been changed to trash cans, and the clear history button has moved to the top of the screen. Removal of old New Tab Page UI All the way back in Chrome 54, Google revamped Chrome's New Tab Page. The buttons for opening Bookmarks and Recent Tabs were replaced by a suggested articles section - much like the Google Now Feed. Many of you weren't fans of this change (myself included), but going back to the old design was possible by disabling two flags. Unfortunately, the #enable-ntp-snippets flag has been removed in Chrome 57 - making it impossible to get the old layout back. You can still remove the suggestions by disabling #enable-ntp-remote-suggestions, but the Bookmarks and Recent tabs buttons do not come back. Chrome Custom Tabs Chrome Custom Tabs, while useful in most cases, sometimes behave differently from opening pages in full Chrome. Starting with Chrome 57, Custom Tabs gained almost all the functionality of normal Chrome tabs - including Find in page, saving pages for offline, and adding pages to the home screen. Chrome 58 further improves Custom Tabs by adding additional link controls. When holding down on a link in a Custom Tab (in Chrome 57), you can only copy or download the link. On Chrome 58, links can be opened in your default browser as well.   Left: Chrome 57; Right: Chrome Beta 58 This is definitely a minor change, but a welcome one. Progressive Web Apps can now go full-screen Google has been increasingly focusing on Progressive Web Apps - web applications that behave like native apps. They can push notifications, declare scopes, and even have their own icon in the app drawer. Chrome 58 is giving PWAs another power - going full-screen. By declaring "display: fullscreen" in the web app manifest, PWAs launched from the home screen will hide the status bar and navigation bar. Just like normal Android apps, they become visible again if you swipe from the top or bottom of the screen. Other features As with every Chrome release, there are several smaller features that are worth briefly mentioning. Here are a few of them. Web sites can now customize Chrome's native media controls with the new ControlsList API. Certain web apps added to the home screen will be able to autoplay video and audio, with limitations. Sites can now use the CSS color-gamut media query to detect the approximate range of colors supported by Chrome and the device it's running on. Chrome 58 supports trailing commas in Javascript, for parameter and argument lists. Non-HTTPS sites can no longer display notifications with the Notifications API. Navigating to data: URLs in tabs (doesn't apply to content embedded in the page) is no longer supported. I'm actually incredibly glad Google has done this, because it has been recently used in many phishing scams - like this one. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 58.0.3029.33 APK Mirror Download: Chrome Beta (Play Store) Tags browser chrome chrome 58 chrome beta chrome custom tabs custom tabs interface progressive web apps pwa pwas ui subscribe ... Previous Story Samsung shows off some wacky new concept versions of the Gear S3 at watch conference ... Next Story The Other Room escapes onto Daydream VR Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments Peter Why would they remove the Bookmarks and Recents buttons? I don't understand the reasoning behind this? Bookmarks are super-handy. Renan Never used them in the mobile app, only in desktop. pfmiller I use those buttons all the time Pavel Sikun I hope one day chrome/customTabs will support opening tabs in background, so I can replace Flynx. Peter There used to be a chrome flag for that but they removed it :( Maximilian Ertl The "Open in..." shortcut in Custom Tabs actually links to the default browser, not Chrome in general. If you're using a browser like Chromer, that will be your option in that long-press menu. Maybe you want to clarify this. :) Corbin Davenport Thanks, I've updated the post. hyperbolic Well folks, if you thought Android can't be slower/laggier, then Progressive Web Apps will show you how it is done. mchalakov Read first then comment... hyperbolic And you wrote that because you develop native apps, hybrid or non of the above ? mchalakov Actually I do! How did you guess? :D yardie Android laggy or slow? You need to come back to the present. It seems you're still in 2010 hyperbolic Since there is only one OS to compare with which is iOS it still lags and now you will have the possibility to use non-native apps in a new scale. How "fast" will it be ... tim242 I have used iOS, and it lags as much as any other. Francesdvargas Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dz176c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !dz176c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs466DigitalPrivateGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dz176c:....,.... Henrik Cole I was paid 104000 dollars last 12 month period by doing a web-based task as well as I was able to do it by w­orking in my own time f­o­r quite a few hours regularly. I applied work opportunity I stumbled upon on-line and therefore I am thrilled that I was succeed to earn such decent money. It is undoubtedly newbie-friendly and therefore I am so blessed that I discovered out about it. Read through exactly what I do... http://libr.ae/y49h andyy I still use my Moto OG on 7.0 and iPad mini 2 on iOS 10.2.1, iPad mini 2 stutters MUCH, much more. App load time is more consistent on the iPad though. Not fast, but consistent. Ploppy Chrome is extremely slow and freezes a lot. Try Lightning Browser and you'll understand what I'm talking about. It's by far the fastest Android browser and the joke is that it uses Chromium. Same for Samsung Internet Beta, faster than Chrome and it uses Chromium. Chrome WAS fast, but not anymore. Rod Android isn't slow/laggy That can't be said about skinned Android, though. Lars Jeppesen We got a real Web app expert here, people. Connor The web is not a slow platform. The web can do some impressive things, it can behave and feel like a native application if the developer puts in the effort and actually cares. Just like with native apps, if the developer doesn't care or put in effort the application is going to be slow. Ploppy Exactly, I developed a PWA recently and it runs smoothly with animation on low end devices. Zachary Dunn How would PWAs make Android slower? They're web apps that run in a browser. And PWAs are in most cases much more performant than other web apps tim242 Can we get full screen already? Tiuri Elvander I've still got the Bookmarks and Recent Tabs buttons in Chrome 57. Daniel Harvard I can't stand THAT black status bar within Chrome. Zachary Dunn Google has given up on colorful themes for their apps. Check every other google app that is all white and a gray status bar. Zachary Dunn I'm getting more and more frustrated with Chrome on Android with each successive update. Merged tabs and apps were removed, despite being a setting the user could control. Now google is focusing on Custom Tabs which are a poor replacement for it that is controlled by developers instead of users and still doesn't integrate with Recents. They're removing buttons from the new tab page so they can push ads making it extra taps to do what i want. Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 14 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 203 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 4 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 28 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 90 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Strikethrough Text] WhatsApp Adds Quick Reply From The Notification, Multiple Contact Selection, Solid Wallpaper Colors, And Finally Dumps A Gingerbread Remnant 2016/03/30 1:00am PDTMar 30, 2016 71 2 Years Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Latest Gmail Update Brings Unified Inbox, Conversation View For Non-Gmail Accounts, Better Search, And More 2015/03/30 1:30pm PDTMar 30, 2015 15 3 Years Ago Today Music Boss For Pebble Can Now Control Playback And Volume On Chromecast Content From Your Smartwatch 2014/03/30 12:47pm PDTMar 30, 2014 42 4 Years Ago Today The Ultimate List Of Easter App And Game Sales On The Play Store [Continuously Updated] 2013/03/30 12:31pm PDTMar 30, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Google Launches Translator Toolkit, Makes It Easier To Bridge The Language Gap In Your Apps 2012/03/30 11:37pm PDTMar 30, 2012 18 6 Years Ago Today N64oid, Nintendo 64 Emulator For Android, Was Not Taken Down - It's On Hiatus Pending Performance Improvements 2011/03/30 11:39pm PDTMar 30, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Updated: Verizon Finally Starts Upgrading All Motorola Droid Users to Android 2.1 Today, Pinky Swears This Time 2010/03/30 8:10pm PDTMar 30, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 64 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 105 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 64 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 105 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 108 queries | 0.397s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
_ Macworld Australia MAC iPad iPhone iSnap App Guide Gadget Guide mResell HOME NEWS FEATURES REVIEWS HELP/TIPS BLOGS Mac In Business Communications Productivity Security Workflow FORUM MAGAZINE Digital Subscription Current Issue Back Issues Google Calendar finally comes to the iPad Blair Hanley Frank 30 March, 2017 View more articles fromthe author AAA Comments News Google’s Calendar app is making a long-awaited move to a new device: Apple’s iPad. You read that right: Until Wednesday, the tech titan hadn’t optimized its marquee calendar application to run on Apple’s tablets. The app provides users with a view of the calendars that they have and that are shared with them through Google’s service. In addition, they get a handful of features Apple’s native calendar app doesn’t have, like the ability to more easily find time and space for a meeting with other people inside their organizations. Making iPad users wait for a native Calendar app is hardly a surprise coming from Google, considering that it’s the company behind Android, and frequently ships new features first to apps for devices running its mobile operating system. That’s not to say Google Calendar was completely unavailable for iPad users for the past several years. The iPhone app for Calendar could run on Apple’s tablets, but it wasn’t optimized for use on those devices. The move is a part of Google’s continuing push to make its G Suite productivity services useful to as broad a set of people as possible. Google is working aggressively to get customers to switch to its productivity suite from their current systems, which in many cases, revolve around Microsoft Office. Microsoft offers its own calendar app for the iPad in the form of Outlook for iOS, which has supported Apple’s tablet since its launch in 2015. Google has more iOS-specific features planned, including a Today widget that will let users see their upcoming events in an iPad’s Notification Center, according to a blog post by Calendar product manager Sharon Stovezky. Related Tags:  Share: Comments Related Posts Random Posts Enable momentum scrolling for Magic Mouse in 10.5 Wikipedia colour-codes for credibility Pioneer XW-NAC3 double iPod dock Year Walk for iOS Key quotes from exclusive Tim Cook interview Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Please keep your comments friendly on the topic. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Advertise with us Related Posts The indispensables: essential software for your working Mac and iOS device Last week we talked about hardware, this week, apps. The software tools that are essential to my day-to-day work. With few exceptions all of the following... Google adds a read-it-later feature to Chrome for iOS Google just added a “read it later” bookmarking functionality to the latest version of Chrome for iOS. This appears to be an iOS-only function for... App Guide FotoJet Educe DoTalk Gadget Guide Western Digital My Passport and My Book hard drives Advertise with us Advertise with us Mobile Phone Plans Prev Next Loading... Compare Mobile Phones & Plans Mobile phone plans & deals iPhone plans & deals Apple iPhone models Tablet plans & deals The New iPad plans & deals Guides and Articles Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Deals National Broadband Network NBN 12Mbps Plans Broadband Usage Guide Mobile Phone Plans Under $80 iPhone 5, iPhone 4S Deals - Compare Prices Deals powered by WhistleOut Advertise with us Advertise with us Subscribe to eNews Subscribe to RSS Receive our eNews Macworld AU Twitter Macworld AU Facebook Macworld AU Pinterest Macworld AU Fancy Macworld AU Youtube News Features Reviews Help Blogs News FORUM MAC iPad iPhone Play App Guide Gadget Guide MACWORLD AU Australian Macworld Copyright © 2017 Niche Media Pty Ltd. ABN 13 064 613 529 Terms Disclaimer Privacy Contact Advertise Sitemap All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Niche Media Pty Ltd is prohibited. Contact us
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC 2017 News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 1.8M 431K 365K 55K 13K 20K 65K 44K Android Deals Sponsored Post: The Beelink GT1 Android TV Box From $74.99 Sponsored Post: Buy the Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 For Only $199.99 Save $70 on the SanDisk 256GB Micro SD Card – 3/28/17 Deal: Unlocked Moto Z Play for just $329 – 3/28/17 Recent News Samsung Galaxy S8 & Galaxy S8 Plus Wrap-Up: Everything You Need To Know Here’s When & Where You Can Buy the Galaxy S8 & S8 Plus Google Gives Advertisers More Control After YouTube Backlash Google Seems To Be Testing A New Pixel Launcher Design Recent Reviews Gionee A1 Android Smartphone Review Moto G5 Plus Android Smartphone Review Oukitel U16 Max Android Smartphone Review Ulefone Armor Android Smartphone Review Phone Comparisons: Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel XL vs LG G6 vs Apple iPhone 7 March 27, 2017 - Written By Cory McNutt Introduction Do we have a good one for you today – the new Samsung Galaxy S8 takes on the Google Pixel XL, the new LG G6, and as an added bonus we will look at how the Apple iPhone 7 stands up to its Android competition. The other models have been out for a while, but the most anticipated device, the Samsung Galaxy S8, has just been announced and it is a perfect time to see what kind of job Samsung did to try to stay ahead of the competition. The Google Pixel XL is Google’s first attempt at breaking away from their old Nexus moniker, and it was designed and built from the ground up as an entirely new device to be part of Google’s ecosystem. The LG G6 is also a total revamp of LG’s poor selling LG G5 – gone is the all-metal painted body, modular configuration, and in is an all-glass backing. The Apple iPhone 7 is an evolution of their previous iPhone 6S and offers the same all-metal body construction with internal improvements. The Samsung Galaxy S8 is also a brand new phone, and while it continues with its all-glass backing, it looks nothing like its processor – gone is the flat display, and now Samsung is using its dual curved display on all models with the tiniest of bezels. Let us take a look and see which one of these devices deserves your special attention. Specifications Design When we get to this high-end of a smartphone, we are looking at designs that tend to use either all-metal or all-glass for outside materials. All of these devices look and feel like a premium device, although the Samsung Galaxy S8 would probably win for sexiest design and it comes bearing the most features. The new Samsung Galaxy S8 is staying with an all-glass design, but the entire device looks completely different. It has a dual-curved display with very small bezels top and bottom, and gone is the home button on the front, and the fingerprint sensor is now located in the back, next to the camera. The display jumps from 5.1-inches to 5.8-inches, and it is one of the first devices to use the new Snapdragon 835 processor. The Google Pixel XL, and its smaller brother, the Google Pixel, have a combination of polished glass and metal on the back, although the front is typical looking with a wide bezel across the top and bottom even though their fingerprint sensor is on the back. It has water splash resistance to it and a non-removable battery. The new LG G6 went to an all-glass design this year, which added an IP68 certification and wireless charging but also did away with LG’s trump card, a removable battery. The display increased as did the battery size. The dual primary cameras changed sizes on the LG G6, and the front-facing camera (FFC) got smaller. The Apple iPhone 7 looks similar to its predecessor with only modest tweaking of certain areas. The antenna bands are now moved from the back to the edges for a cleaner look, and a dual camera was added to only the Plus model. Apple has done away with its physical home button, although it is still located where the home button was previously and is now a touch button. It is IP67 certified and still retains its non-removable battery. Display The displays on the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus are much larger than their predecessors are and now sport a 5.8-inch screen (up from 5.1-inch) and a 6.3-inch display (up from a 5.7-inch). Both displays use the dual-curved design, Super AMOLED technology, Quad HD resolution of 2960 x 1440 pixels and 568 pixels-per-inch (PPI) on the Galaxy S8 with an 18:9 ratio. It keeps the always-on display, Gorilla Glass 5, and adds 3D Touch. The display on the Google Pixel XL starts out with a 5.5-inch Quad HD AMOLED display with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels and 534 PPI. Google did not give the Pixels any special functions like always-on, and protection is from Gorilla Glass 4. LG sticks with their IPS LCD technology, with the display measuring in at a larger 5.7-inches versus the 5.3-inch of the LG G5. It retains its Quad HD resolution of 2880 x 1440 pixels and 564 PPI using an 18:9 (2-to-1 ratio). It uses the always-on technology, includes Dolby Vision, and Gorilla Glass 3 protects the display. The display on the iPhone 7 is only 4.7-inches, and it uses an LED-backlit IPS LCD affair with an HD resolution of 1334 x 750 pixels and 326 pixels-per-inch (PPI), or as Apple likes to call it, Retina Display. It features Apple’s 3D Touch from last year, Display Zoom, and Ion-strengthened glass. Processor/Memory This comparison has an array of processors that range from the Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 to the newer Snapdragon 835 to the Exynos 8895 to the A10 Fusion chip used in the only non-Android device, the Apple iPhone 7. The US version of the Galaxy S8 uses the newest Snapdragon 835 octa-core clocked at 2.45GHz with an Adreno 540 GPU while the international version uses the Samsung Exynos 8895 processor. They both come with 4GB of DDR4 RAM and 64GB/128GB of expandable memory. The Google Pixel and Pixel XL both come with a Snapdragon 821 quad-core processor clocked at 2.15GHz with an Adreno 530 GPU. They both pack 4GB of DDR4 RAM and offer 32GB or 128GB of non-expandable memory. Qualcomm claims that the 821 gives a 10-percent increase in power when compared to the 820. The LG G6 uses the Snapdragon 821 octa-core processor clocked at 2.35GHz and an Adreno 530 GPU along with 4GB of DDR4 RAM and 32GB/64GB of expandable storage. The iPhone 7 uses Apple’s new A10 Fusion quad-core chip clocked at 2.34GHz with 2GB of RAM and either 32GB, 128GB, or 256GB of non-expandable internal memory. Camera Area Smartphone cameras are nothing as they were in flip-phones – they are our go-to camera for any occasion – birthday parties, for a get-together, or even for something as important as a wedding. The front-facing cameras (FFC) have expanded our use of selfies and video chatting. The smartphone cameras have become so good that the old point-and-shoot cameras are a dying commodity. The Samsung Galaxy S8 uses the same great camera found on the Galaxy S7 – a new Dual-Pixel 12MP primary camera with a large f/1.7 aperture, quick phase detection autofocus (PDAF), OIS, auto HDR and an LED flash. It uses a new and larger 8MP, f/1.7, 26mm wide-angle and auto HDR for its FFC. The two new Google Pixel and Pixel XL both use the same 12.3MP sensor, f/2.0 aperture, PDAF, and a dual-tone flash as well as a large 8MP FFC with a f/2.4 and 1080p capabilities. The LG G6 uses a dual setup for its primary camera and a change from last year when the LG G5 had a 16MP and an 8MP wide-angle lens. The new LG G6 uses two 13MP lenses, with PDAF, OIS and dual-tone LED flash. It uses a smaller 5MP with a f/2.2 aperture for its FFC. The Apple iPhone 7 uses a new 12MP sensor with a f/2.2, PDAF, Quad-LED True Tone flash, and OIS for its primary camera and a 7MP FFC with the f/2.2. Battery All of the devices this time around are leaning toward the trend of a non-removable battery, including one of the last holdouts, LG. It is much easier for a manufacturer to give us IP68 water and dust protection and wireless charging with a non-removable battery. Now that most of the smartphones offer a quick charge option of some sort, the need to replace a battery, though nice, is becoming less of a necessity. The Apple iPhone begins with the smallest battery at 1,960 mAh with no fast charge capabilities. The Samsung Galaxy S8 has a relatively small battery at 3,000 mAh but comes with Quick Charge as well as Quick Wireless Charging. The LG G6 packs in a 3,300 mAh battery with Quick Charge and Wireless Charging capabilities, while the Google Pixel XL also has the largest battery at 3,450 mAh battery with fast charge capabilities. Features/Observations The Samsung Galaxy S8 measures 140.1 x 72.2 x 7.3 mm, is the only one of the group that has a dual curved edge display, and is the only device in the group that offers Samsung Pay as an option. The Galaxy S8 also has a heart rate and oxygen saturation sensor, iris scanner, always-on feature, 3D Touch, and a new rear-mounted fingerprint sensor. Samsung even threw in some Hi-Res audio. The Google Pixel XL measures 154.7 x 75.7 x 8.5 mm and weighs in at 168 grams. It comes running Android 7.1 Nougat right from the box. You will have a choice of Really Blue, Very Silver, or Quite Black. It comes with Google Assistant built into the device. The LG G6 uses a dual setup for its primary camera – two 13MP lens with the second one being for wide-angle use. It now uses an 18:9 display ratio that is Dolby Vision certified and uses an always-on display to save battery life. It incorporates Hi-Res audio and includes wireless charging and Google Assistant. It measures 148.9 x 71.9 x 7.9 mm and weighs in at 163 grams. The new Apple iPhone 7 comes with a few refinements – most of the good stuff is only on the iPhone 7 Plus. It has a new quad-LED flash, improved 3D Touch, improved stereo sound, IP67 dust and water resistance, and 2GB of RAM with non-expandable 32GB of memory now being the smallest option available. Starting the trend of removing the headphone jack, you will not find one on this iPhone, but Apple supplied a lightning adapter. It measures 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1 mm and weighs in at 138 grams. Pricing starts out at $769 for the 32GB model. While it has NFC, it can only be used for Apple Pay. The Final Word This has been a quick comparison, looking at a few of the top smartphones available today. The Apple iPhone was thrown into the mix to see how it held up against some of best Android has to offer. There are no speed tests here, as both iOS and Android Nougat operate quickly and smoothly in everyday use. We compared only the design and features that these phones offer when compared to one another. The most striking difference between the iPhone and the Android devices has to be iOS versus Android 7.0 Nougat. The battle wages on, but after spending a day with both operating systems, most people will agree that the Android OS allows the user a lot more flexibility and power in its design and the ability to customize the display to look the way you want it to look, and the placement and use of widgets on the displays. iOS is a great OS if you want to follow Apple’s more restrictive design, but for many of us, that is just not enough. We like to make our smartphone’s our own personalized device and Android allows you to accomplish that goal. The Google Pixel and Pixel XL were released in October 2016 and are the oldest of the Android smartphones compared. The LG G6 is just arriving on the scene, and the newest Samsung Galaxy S8 has just been announced as of this morning and has an expected arrival date of April 21st. Other than being the first smartphone to arrive with Google Assistant baked in, the Google Pixel XL is a solid smartphone but is expensive for the features you get. Although it is an AMOLED display, it is the smallest of the three, and there is no IP68 certification, no memory expansion, and no wireless charging. The LG G6 has a few more features and a larger display with Dolby Vision, albeit of the LCD variety. You do get an IP68 certification, the always-on display, memory expansion, dual cameras, Hi-Res audio, and wireless charging. The LG G6 does use the same Snapdragon 821 processor found in the Google Pixel XL, which means it is from 2016. The Samsung Galaxy S8 offers the largest dual-curved display, the newest Snapdragon 835 processor, IP68 certification, always-on display, 3D Touch, Hi-Res audio, an iris scanner, heart rate monitor, Oxygen Saturation sensor, quick wireless charging, and Samsung Pay. All three of these flagship Android smartphones offer something a little bit different. The Google Pixel XL will get the fastest software updates and carries Google Assistant, while the LG G6 offers a larger, always-on display, dual cameras, wireless charging, and Google Assistant. The Samsung Galaxy S8 offers a dual curved display, the largest display with Super AMOLED and always-on feature, the best processor/GPU of the group, wireless charging, Samsung Pay, heart and oxygen sensors, and iris scanner. It is up to you to pick the features and the price you can afford – all three devices should satisfy your needs. Post navigation Waymo’s Pacificas Gain some Snow Experience in Lake Tahoe Deal: Roku Premiere+ Streaming Media Player for $79 – 3/27/17 March 27, 2017 | Android Phone Comparisons Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News Samsung Galaxy S8 & Galaxy S8 Plus Wrap-Up: Everything You Need To Know Here’s When & Where You Can Buy the Galaxy S8 & S8 Plus Leaked HTC U Battery Capacity Could Be 3,000mAh Google Gives Advertisers More Control After YouTube Backlash Google Seems To Be Testing A New Pixel Launcher Design Samsung Galaxy S8 & S8 Plus Video Hands-On $2 Billion Vizio Buyout By LeEco May Be In Trouble Samsung Galaxy S8 & S8 Plus Video Hands-On Samsung Pay Will Soon Work Wherever Visa Checkout Is Taken The Unlocked Galaxy S8/S8 Plus Will Be At Best Buy May 9th The Galaxy S8 & S8+ Camera Reminds Users To Clean The Lens Samsung Galaxy S8 & S8 Plus Hands-On Samsung Gives Closer Look At The Galaxy S8 Infinity Display Rumor: HTC, LG, Coolpad & TCL All Want To Make The Pixel 3 Samsung Exec Reflects On The Galaxy S8 Codename New Images Of The Dual Camera BLUBOO D1 Smartphone Surface Galaxy S8 To Feature Pinterest Integration Via Bixby Samsung Announces The Galaxy S8 & S8 Plus With Bixby & SD835 Speck Presidio Brings Drop Protection to Samsung Galaxy S8 More Pricing Details Emerge For The Galaxy S8/S8+ In Canada Galaxy S8’s Bixby Won’t Understand British English At Launch Load More Posts Follow Share
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Internet Image Source: wrightliving.com What you can do now that Congress sold out your online privacy Chris Smith @chris_writes March 29th, 2017 at 8:01 PM Share Tweet Yes, Congress did “sell you out” earlier this week, by passing a bill that will let internet service providers (ISPs) collect your browsing data and use it for their financial gain. But that doesn’t mean that all hell will break loose, or that there aren’t ways to still try to protect that precious personal data now that the FCC protections have been repealed. Don't Miss: iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s specs and features listed in new report First of all, what ISPs will be able to do isn’t something unseen. Google, Facebook, and many others already collect and “sell” your data — that is, they target you with ads based on their knowledge of your preferences. But ISPs will be in a position where they’ll be able to identify users even better. Unlike online companies whose ad-based revenue is based on what they can learn about you, the ISPs will have all your data and your browsing history across devices, which could be a valuable piece of information for online companies whose primary business represents selling ads to third-parties. So what you need to do is find out if your ISP is currently collecting, or planning to collect, any personal data, and determine whether there’s a way to opt out. While you’re at it, check whether any competing ISPs do have opt-out options, and consider switching — again, this might not be an option available to all US internet users. You might have to pay extra to protect your privacy. If you’re really worried about targeted ads, you should consider using a virtual private network (VPN) to hide your traffic, and you should reset ad identifiers whenever possible. Google offers the feature, just head on to the settings page of your Google Account. The same is possible on the iPhone, where Apple lets you reset the ad id, so companies have a harder time tracking you online. Aside from targeting you with ads, or selling your data to others, the ISPs almost-obtained freedom to deal with your data brings up a second reason to worry. Hackers and state-sponsored attackers may go after personal data that ISPs would collect and store. That would open the door to even worse problems than seeing targeted ads. Hackers could steal your identity from data dumps, or use information about you to try to break into online properties. And let’s not forget about intelligence agencies of all kinds which could certainly appreciate the extra data that ISPs might collect, data that could turn out to be useful in the future, whether obtained legally or illegally by said organizations. What data will ISPs collect aside from your browsing history? They could have access to your location data, financial and health information, social security numbers, children information, and even the content of your internet dealings, assuming you’re using non-encrypted services. That’s why you should use encryption whenever possible while hanging out online — that means using HTTPS sites over HTTP for all your browsing. To protect even better your browsing history, you could use a VPN by default on all your devices. VPNs come free of charge, but better get yourself a paid subscription after you do some research on the matter. Again, you may have to pay extra each month just so you feel safer about your privacy. If your browsing is really hardcore and you want it completely hidden, you might consider installing Tor, a browser that further anonymizes your internet habits. However, don’t expect it to offer the same goodies as Google Chrome or all the other modern brothers out there. Going offline for good is the only option that will fix this “problem” for good, and that’s probably not an option. Until Donald Trump actually signs the bill, you have plenty of time to learn more about your ISPs policy on customer data collection and teach yourself to be a better internet user. That means learning what HTTPS/SSL encryption, VPN, Tor, Do Not Track, and ad identifiers are, and using them accordingly. If on the other hand, you don’t care about who tracks you online, and what happens to your data, then you’re not going to be affected by this annoying bill, at least not when it comes to online advertising. But if hackers do get their hands on your personal browsing habits and use that data to crack into your online accounts, then you know what you’ll have to do in the future to protect your privacy. Tags: Congress, FCC, Internet, privacy View Comments Trending 1 Tech Go get these crazy MacBook deals while you can 2 Tech Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ hands-on: Samsung finally out-designed Apple’s iPhone 3 Tech Google Pixel 3 is coming next year, and phone makers are already fighting over it 4 Tech You can go pre-order the Galaxy S8 right now 5 Tech 10 new Galaxy S8 features you won’t find on any iPhone Picked For You The 8 best new features Apple added to your iPhone in iOS 10.3 By Zach Epstein March 27th at 1:09 PM The Galaxy S8 might have one of the best cameras we’ve ever seen By Chris Smith March 28th at 9:01 PM iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s specs and features listed in new report By Chris Smith March 28th at 12:23 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey April Glaser Eric Johnson Tony Romm Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Rani Molla Podcasts Events ✕ Voices Silicon Valley Diversity Silicon Valley is living in a bubble of technology that’s not accessible to the rest of the world Many of the innovations that we take for granted are simply not available elsewhere. by Jan Dawson Mar 29, 2017, 4:01pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Photo by David Becker/Getty Images A version of this essay was originally published at Tech.pinions, a website dedicated to informed opinions, insight and perspective on the tech industry. Science-fiction author William Gibson famously said, “The future is already here; it’s just not evenly distributed yet.” Nowhere is that more true than in the tech world, where it’s easy to think that innovations, products and services available to us are ubiquitous, even when their distribution is, in fact, very limited. Square and Google Home come to the U.K. Both Square and Google announced on Tuesday that their products were coming to the U.K. In Square’s case, this is its first entry into that market, but its fourth international market outside the U.S., after Canada, Australia and Japan. In Google’s case, this is its international debut for the Google Home speaker and its Google Wi-Fi routers. I have to confess that I was unaware that Square hadn’t launched in the U.K., and I was also unaware that Google hadn’t made its new hardware products available outside the U.S. until now. But I suspect that’s typical of those of us who follow the tech market in the U.S. — we’re so accustomed to being the first to see new technologies that we rarely spare a thought for those who don’t have access to them yet, even in a neighboring market like Canada (as with the Google Home and Echo). We’re so accustomed to being the first to see new technologies that we rarely spare a thought for those who don’t have access to them yet. Even within the U.S., though, there are often haves and have-nots when it comes to new technology, and Amazon’s footprint is a great example of this. Amazon just announced two new pickup grocery locations for its Amazon Fresh service, but they’re both in Seattle (and currently only open to employees). Its Amazon Go grocery store is also only in Seattle (and perhaps for a bit longer than planned, limited to employees). Amazon’s brick-and-mortar bookstores? All but one of the stores it has opened or announced are in or near big coastal cities, the latest in Chicago. Its Fresh delivery service is also limited to just a few markets, as are its same-day delivery services. But this goes well beyond just Amazon. One of Lyft’s competitive disadvantages relative to Uber is the smaller number of cities (and countries) where it operates, even in the U.S., something the company is trying to rectify with a rapid expansion this year. I’m in New York City this week, and I’m finding there are a raft of options for ride-sharing services (for someone who feels increasingly uncomfortable with patronizing Uber), but that’s not the case everywhere in the U.S. Even something as seemingly ubiquitous as the Apple Store is still missing from several U.S. states. Silicon Valley’s other diversity problem Diversity is frequently in the news when it comes to the tech industry, and was again this week with the release of Uber’s diversity report. When we talk about diversity, it’s typically about underrepresented gender or racial groups, but there’s also another form of diversity the U.S. tech industry is missing out on — exposure to those parts of the U.S. and the world where many of the services that Bay Area residents take for granted are simply not available. The tech industry is missing out on another form of diversity — exposure to those parts of the U.S. and the world where many of the services that Bay Area residents take for granted are simply not available. A tech worker living in San Jose can likely commute to work using Uber or Lyft or a number of other tech-based transportation services, order lunch through Postmates, and get groceries delivered at night from Instacart, Amazon Fresh or Google Express. But many of those services aren’t available (or in some cases relevant) in much of the rest of the country. Living in such an environment and among other people who are benefiting from the rise of technology alternatives to traditional services, it must be tempting to think of these innovations as unmitigated boons to mankind. Of course, it’s often in the rest of the country where the negative impacts of these changes are felt, as jobs get sucked out of rural and suburban areas, either to disappear completely or to be replaced in high-tech zones. Engineers who only ever see the tech-infused version of the world they live in can have little conception of the impact it causes elsewhere, or the way the other half — or more accurately, the other 99 percent — lives. Going global is tough but important That’s why going global with a product or service is so important, though it may in some cases be tough. If innovations are beneficial, they should be as widely spread as possible, as quickly as possible. If innovations are beneficial, they should be as widely spread as possible, as quickly as possible. It’s obviously much tougher where extensive physical infrastructure such as retail stores, warehouses, or even fleets of cars and drivers are needed, but we often see digital products and services like Amazon Echo and Google Home restricted to just a few markets, even ones that share a common language. That’s why I was so impressed by Netflix’s global launch a little over a year ago, and continue to be impressed by major digital services from Apple like iTunes which span the globe, or even Siri, which supports many different languages in more countries than any of the other major virtual assistants. Doing that work is hard — it requires local language support, cultural understanding, partnerships with local players and more — but it deserves doing, because the benefits of many of these technologies are worth spreading as far and wide as possible. It’s also important for companies to put their people into more diverse places, because only then can those employees more accurately understand and represent the needs of those they’re trying to serve and create products and services designed to help a much broader swath of the population. I’ve also been impressed recently by Steve Case’s mission to grow tech hubs outside of the big existing ones as a way to bring renewal and growth to more places across the U.S. More people in the tech industry should be thinking about how to distribute the future more evenly, both within the U.S. and across the world. That applies to their own businesses as much as to the products and services they sell. Jan Dawson is founder and chief analyst at Jackdaw, a technology research and consulting firm focused on the confluence of consumer devices, software, services and connectivity. During his 13 years as a technology analyst, Dawson has covered everything from DSL to LTE, and from policy and regulation to smartphones and tablets. Prior to founding Jackdaw, Dawson worked at Ovum for a number of years, most recently as chief telecoms analyst, responsible for Ovum’s telecoms research agenda globally. Reach him @jandawson. Subscribe to the Recode newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. recode_divider More From Recode Full transcript: Crooked Media on Recode Decode Amazon is shutting down Diapers.com — whose founder is now at war with Amazon Pandora is in trouble, and Big Music is surprisingly sad about that Samsung’s Galaxy S8 shows Apple is behind the smartphone design trend The government just gave your ISP even more power. Here’s how to fight back. Google is letting its advertisers who bolted see which videos their ads could run on Trending Amazon is shutting down Diapers.com — whose founder is now at war with Amazon The site was part of Amazon’s fourth-largest acquisition back in 2011. Six jobs are eliminated for every robot introduced into the workforce, a new study says The threat of robots taking our jobs is very real. Samsung’s Galaxy S8 shows Apple is behind the smartphone design trend That’s probably okay, especially if iPhone 8 rumors turn out correct. The government just gave your ISP even more power. Here’s how to fight back. It’s time to tunnel all home internet traffic through a proxy server. Pandora is in trouble, and Big Music is surprisingly sad about that The labels used to loathe the streaming music service. Now they love it. It may be too late. More Trending Recode Daily Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 26. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Full transcript: Crooked Media on Recode Decode by Recode Staff Amazon is shutting down Diapers.com — whose founder is now at war with Amazon by Jason Del Rey Pandora is in trouble, and Big Music is surprisingly sad about that by Peter Kafka Samsung’s Galaxy S8 shows Apple is behind the smartphone design trend by Dan Frommer Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 71 Share on Facebook 56 Share on Twitter Total Shares146 Galaxy S8 News Phone Reviews Videos The Galaxy S6 was, by all accounts, a truly transformational moment for Samsung's industrial design. After years of building plastic phones constantly lambasted for their "cheapness," Samsung made radical changes in an attempt to completely redefine its smartphone brand. Those changes were generally well received, but it always felt like they stopped short: the software was still slow, bloated, and the battery life surprisingly poor. With the Note5 and S6 edge+ we saw significant refinement of that reinvention "moment," but not until the S7 and S7 edge did Samsung really build the concept I think they set out to with those first metal and glass sandwiches. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are Samsung's attempt to show us that they can do more than just iterate on that "Eureka" moment they had in 2015, even if those iterations have generally been quite good. And after the Note7 disaster last year, they really need to make good on that promise. After spending some time with the phones last week, I'm still on the fence as to whether Samsung has truly succeeded - but I think the pieces for success are there. Even if I don't think they're all terribly obvious, and even if the phones don't take any real big risks. The hardware Take what you loved about the Galaxy S7 edge and Note7, then just imagine it all being better. More refined, more coherent, more polished. As to that final point: literally. The Galaxy S8 siblings now feature polished aluminum mid-frames, as opposed to the matte anodized finish of years past. In particular - at least in my opinion - this looks good on the Midnight Black version of the phone, which features a shiny black mid-frame to match. The whole phone visually sort of looks like a deep black stone - it's a very interesting and striking effect Samsung has achieved here. As you'd expect of Samsung, the attention to detail is impeccable. The glass meets the aluminum in a very natural, near-seamless way, and the various body colors all have a distinct character. The front of the phones, however, do not: unlike years past, all colors of the Galaxy S8 and S8+ will feature black surrounds on the display side of the phone, to accentuate Samsung's "infinity display" and its minimal bezel. I absolutely agree with this design decision, because it brings the canvas - the screen - out as the sole focal point of the front of the device. You're drawn to the screen, and everything surrounding it just sort of falls away. Samsung has been paying attention to the little stuff, too. Everything from the design of the camera module (it now has more of stylized "lens" effect) to the smooth USB-C cutout seems carefully considered and manufactured with precision. The phones scream quality, and I am continually impressed by Samsung's ability to iterate in this area. Samsung clearly spends a lot of time and energy on its design and manufacturing processes, and it shows. Perhaps most notably, these phones mark the end of one of the last vestigial elements of the Galaxy brand: capacitive navigation keys and the physical home button. It really makes the S8 and S8+ the cleanest-looking handsets Samsung's ever produced. Above the display sit the standard array of sensors, including a new 8MP front-facing camera with software-simulated autofocus (we'll see how that goes) and the iris scanner array. Out back, Samsung says the 12MP rear camera is basically unchanged physically from last year's, with most optimizations happening on the photo processing side. I'm certainly curious to see how photos compare to last year's phones, then. You still get IP68 waterproofing, and 64GB of storage is now standard (with microSD expansion available). Samsung has retained the headphone jack, but made the switch to USB-C it began with the Note7 last year. Wireless charging is intact, too. As to the deceptively giant displays, at 5.8 and 6.2", respectively, the phones are considerably taller this year. But they're also narrowed, meaning they're easier to get a grip on, and they really aren't especially heavy or unwieldy. Ceding so much of what was previously bezel space to the expanded display seems an obvious choice in retrospect, but to me it definitely necessitated the end of the capacitive keys, otherwise all that extra height tends to feel a bit wasted. Speaking of those keys. The software To answer your first and greatest question: Yes, you can switch the order of the navigation keys. You can either have them in Samsung (read: wrong) order, or change them to the standard Android layout of back, home, and recent apps (left to right). Samsung also lets you customize the color of the navigation bar background, which is nice. Sure, the iconography is nowhere near stock, but I couldn't really give a damn what the buttons look like as long as they do what I expect them to. And no, Bixby is not mapped to long-pressing the home key: that's 100% Google Assistant. (Bixby's functional overlap with Assistant is actually quite minimal - for now.) The latest version of I-Can't-Believe-It's-Not-TouchWiz is based on Android 7.0 (not 7.1, sigh) and feels basically similar to what we had on the Note7 and now have on the Galaxy S7 phones. "Grace UX" is the easiest on the eyes TouchWiz has ever been, and while there are still a bunch of old features in there I hardly think warrant the real estate in the settings app, Samsung continues to provide its own useful additions. I didn't spend much time with the software in-depth, as I really didn't have time. And Samsung's Bixby assistant was only demoed to us in a controlled, scripted test environment, which is useless from an evaluation perspective. I can give you the overview, though: it's basically Google Goggles meets Google Now meets voice-powered accessibility controls. It's definitely an interesting mesh of features, though Samsung's hardest push seems to be around the idea that people will want to use their voice to control things like their screen brightness, toggling the hotspot, picking a camera mode or filter, and generally controlling their device. I am, to put it bluntly, unconvinced anyone will use this. But maybe it'll win me over when our review units come in and I actually have a chance to put it to the test. But, if you were worried that Bixby was an attempt to subvert Google Assistant and replace it: please, don't be. Not yet, at least. Google Assistant and Bixby happily coexist on the Galaxy S8, and are frankly rather different products. Oh, and this is kind of interesting, I guess: Samsung has also implemented the fingerprint scanner gesture to bring down the notification bar. It's off by default, I think, but it's there. Like the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge after their respective Nougat updates, the S8 and S8+ don't actually display in their native, physical resolutions by default (they're set to full HD mode). I remain very divided on this choice: while I know the vast majority of people who own these phones will never, ever notice and reap considerable battery life returns as a result, why put in these more expensive ultra-high-res panels in the first place? Samsung's answer, of course, relies heavily on VR, because you need that Quad HD display mode to provide a good VR experience. But I don't think anyone, even Samsung, has actually produced compelling evidence that consumers care about VR (apart from the companies making VR products). I guess it comes down to the question of how much more a Quad HD panel of this type would cost to produce than a 1080p version. If it's not a big difference, then I guess I get where Samsung is coming from. One feature I found quite interesting is the new home button wake gesture. Simply press your finger on the home button that is shown in the always-on display mode for a moment, and the screen will wake, indicated by a light burst of haptic feedback. While obviously you won't get far if you have a fingerprint scanner lock set, you might be more likely to use Samsung's iris scan or face unlock features (the latter is new to the S8). Given rumors that Samsung intended to place the fingerprint scanner inside the display itself with the S8 but failed to achieve the necessary yields, I have to wonder if this is the compromise they've settled on: pushing customers away from the ubiquitous fingerprint scanner, for now, until their more impressive technology is ready for primetime. As for me, I probably wouldn't use the home button wake regardless - the fingerprint scanner is simply my preferred mode of authentication. The reader is definitely a bit of a reach on these phones, though, and even with my relatively long fingers I found the S8+ would definitely take some getting used to in terms of default hand positioning. Samsung's iris scanner tech is fast and very accurate, but I'm not always looking at my phone when I unlock it. Performance on the phones is not something I feel comfortable expressing any definitive opinion on at this time. They felt fine - not crazy fast, not particularly slow - but given the notoriety Samsung's phones have achieved for slowing down over time, my experience in a controlled demo environment is simply not going to be helpful in assessing these things. It's probably better for me to end that discussion here and save the extended thoughts for our review. I obviously can't judge battery life yet, but Samsung shared an interesting figure with me: the new batteries in the Galaxy S8 and S8+ feature much better cycle longevity than the ones in last year's phones. Whereas after a year of typical charge and discharge cycles last year's Galaxy S7 and S7 edge would see around 20% of their effective capacity lost, Samsung says that figure is more like 5% of capacity lost over a year on the S8 and S8+. That's definitely encouraging. Final thoughts The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are big, beautiful phones. The larger displays are absolutely great, and the switch to virtual navigation keys is long overdue. I'm sure they'll have great cameras, and I expect battery life will probably be largely comparable to last year's phones (i.e., good). TouchWiz is, as far as user experience goes, the best it's ever been. That may not be saying much for some of you, but I generally find Samsung's UI modifications at the very least aesthetically palatable nowadays, and some of the added features are genuinely useful. A switch to 64GB of storage as standard is absolutely welcome and, I think, should be the bar to meet for any flagship phone in 2017. Bixby, despite the fears of many (myself included), doesn't really seem meant to displace Google Assistant or search on your phone. The Snapdragon 835 version of the S8 and S8+ we'll get here in the US packs a lot of new and potent technology, too - it's not just faster than the 820 and 821, it's more efficient and more capable. What am I not loving yet? Launching with Android 7.0 feels oh so typical Samsung: they can preach all they want about how they test their software endlessly in order to ensure updates are smooth and low on bugs, but I just can't shake the feeling that Samsung really has no intention of changing its approach to Android platform updates. Performance is going to be a big question, too (and it's one Samsung seems uninterested in discussing). I won't even be able to conclusively come to an answer in our review, simply due to the amount of time we'll have to use the phones before publishing. That'll take weeks and months of additional testing. Finally, there's a lot of uncertainty remaining around the value proposition these phones will offer, and without pricing, that's hard to comment on just yet. There's also a lingering feeling that the S8 and S8+ feel iterative in terms of actual user experience versus being showcases for advancements in industrial design and engineering. Samsung itself seems very eager to present the reduced bezel and larger displays as the raison d'etre for the Galaxy S8. But it's hard to tell if beauty is more than skin deep with these phones. Why is the screen curved? Because it's pretty (fragile, and the edge UI experience sucks). Why is the aluminum frame now polished? Because it's pretty (and will get scratched). Why aren't the batteries any bigger? Because thin phones are pretty (even though everyone wants bigger batteries). These are thoughts that I've had a harder time shaking than I expected. There's no doubt the Galaxy S8 and S8+ are exceptional achievements from the standpoint of design and phone-building knowhow, but I think I can distill my feelings about them down to this: I'm really unsure why I'd want one of these that much more than a Galaxy S7 edge or, if it still existed, a Note7. If there's some major improvement to performance I missed, maybe that could be it, but on most other fronts - aside from the switch to virtual nav keys - I'm left scratching my head a bit. But, maybe that's just a result of not having enough time with them. Hopefully, we'll be reviewing these phones soon enough, as I'm eager to get a deeper sense of the changes Samsung's made and how they translate into a real-world product experience. Tags galaxy 8 galaxy s8 galaxy s8 hands on galaxy s8 review s8 S8 Plus video subscribe ... Previous Story The Galaxy S8's new battery will degrade less quickly than the Galaxy S7's ... Next Story A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments Bedirhan SAVAS Cool phone except the finger print sensor Toss3 Looks like decent phones, but not enough of an upgrade to switch from the s7/s7e. As for android 7.1 it really doesn't matter as samsung usually incorporates a lot of the new features long before they are available on newer android versions. Eagerly looking forward to the Note 8 though (4K screen for VR is going to be a much needed upgrade). Taylor Vaughn I freelance online, performing basic jobs which simply requires from you a laptop or computer as well as internet accessibility and it is a life-saver for me personally... After 6 months on this job opportunity and i gained so far total of 36,000 dollars... Basicly i make about eighty bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hour most of the days.And marvelous thing about this job is that you can easily manage time while you work and for how long as you like and you get paid weekly >> http://v15.uk/xbRHM MJ I agree 4K is much needed for VR but I would question 4K or VR on a phone. LOL Toss3 Why? Works much better on phones as they aren't tethered to anything. Personally only use it for watching movies on planes or in bed when the gf is sleeping. MJ That is your only use cases? It's more useless than I thought. I watch movies on my big screen TV on my sweet couch when the GF is sleeping. No heavy BDSM head gear needed. Toss3 Pretty much. Never liked watching movies on a TV as TVs are always really small (unless you buy one of those 40k ones that are 100"<). I had a projector (with a 120" screen), but I sold it when I moved to another country, and because I don't watch TV that often a "big-screen" TV just doesn't feel that useful. I also like being thoroughly engrossed in the movies I watch without any distractions and only the Gear VR has offered me anything like that thus far. It's also the first private movie-theater that you can take with you wherever you go. The low resolution is the only thing that could be improved (and the straps of course). MJ Sure if it works for you but I don't like things strapped to my head and face. It must be a pain to unstrap when need a drink, snack, or take a piss. Toss3 You either lift the device (similar to ski goggles or snorkel) or you use the built-in pass-through mode. And there's really no need to unstrap anything when going for a piss. MJ I didn't mean literally unstrap but none of that sounds convenient or practical at all. LOL It must be me... MJ Samsung has made a product I would almost consider buying by cleaning up the UX, going with on-screen buttons, better aspect ratio, and minimizing the edge gimmick (next just get rid of it) while keeping the headphone jack and wireless charging BUT... The placement of the fingerprint is just horrible. David, you went on how Samsung pays attention to the details but they just randomly place the fingerprint reader? OK... They still make me wary of getting timely OS updates. Android 7.0? Really? I like to see if they follow up on their promise of monthly security updates on their unlocked phones. Cristian-Teodor TATOIU My S7 Edge, unlocked, Romania, received Nougat but still on freaking January security update! How bout dat? MJ That sucks but didn't they just make that promise a couple of weeks ago? Cristian-Teodor TATOIU They made that promise months ago but with the new top dog in tow... They'll make good on S8, no doubt, for the first 6-7 months. Then, they'll have the S9 to keep them busy. And so on, and so on... Really, really, really want/need timely security updates? Pixel or whatever Google brings out is the way to go. Not freaking out cause of some security vulnerabilities going unpatched for months? Samsung is an option then... They'll update, sooner or... Jordan L my friend, who is kind of paranoid about security, loves the Galaxy series of phones(probably because they look great). From a data security prospective; do you think Pixel or Galaxy is "more secure". He's worried less about hacks on old versions of the OS, he's worried about his cloud data. I vote for Pixel because you are only logging in with your Google account, and not also logging into your phone with a "Samsung" account. to use features. yes, Google tracks everything you do, but they are a US based company. Samsung is not, ... just a thought. I would THINK he would HATE the fact that he logs into his phone with Samsung account too. (you do have to use a Samsung account to fully use a Galaxy phone, right?) Justin You don't have to log in to Samsung's account to use the phone, but you lose out on things like Samsung Pay if you don't. EcE You don't need a Samsung account unless you want Samsung Pay, themes ( and their crapstore) or VR. Even then, they are two different accounts and AFAIK you don't need to share any private information to the Samsung account unless you use Samsung Pay. Vivek Rameses A non us company is much safer and private. Muh americans love garbage made in the US. dabug91 The Pixel would be the superior choice, as they will get monthly security updates through October 2019 at least. Max Johnson Battery size is concerning, but maybe that's something to do with precaution with the fire issue. Lawrence Fail!: It is way too tall, fingerprint sensor on the back, small battery, new bixie assistant with dedicated button, same old camera. Win. 64gb storage, looks cool. Biga173rd So what's a win in your book that can compare to this new phone? Zsolt V The same phone with a fruity fruit logo Biga173rd Ehhhh lno lol Lawrence Thanks for asking : the S7 and S7 edge... Better battery/size ratio same camera, same ram. Front fingerprint, and they can be hold by humans. Biga173rd Good point I personally will wait for the Note 8. Toss3 Agreed on the fingerprint sensor, but it does have face-unlock which should be a useful alternative (it is on Win 10 devices). I seriously don't understand why these companies are forcing AI assistans on us? Do people really use them? AI is useful, but not for phones. Camera is already good enough; use pro mode and it's amazing. Really can't expect better in a phone right now unless you start increasing the sensor size. EcE " this looks good on the Midnight Black version of the phone, which features a shiny black mid-frame to match" Glad to see the black phone is black on the sides, that chrome version looks horrible. Marcel Mayer hä? the device will show on 5pm? why you publish the article? PhillipeFelut so, whats the actual resolution of the display itself? DeathWolfGaming They are set to 1080p to save battery life. PhillipeFelut 2960x1440 is the number i was looking for. Jesse Lee Samsung is really receptive to their markets; a completely opposite direction from years past and from that being employed by Google Inc. The results are phones that continue to get better and better and more practical. Looks great! Timbets Linux 4.4 kernel Ishimaru I'm surprised. Even Google is still on 3.x. ProductFRED I'm not jumping to sell my S7 Edge Exynos just yet. Gotmilo waiting for the note 8 JD It's a damn solid phone. I wouldn't jump unless I pooped money and was having a bad case of the runs. Winston I'm upgrading from my flat S7 to the small S8. Why? Battery has deteriorated, and Samsung usually does really lucrative trade in deals with older phones, of which I still have an S4. John New smartphone releases are beginning to be as exciting as new dishwasher releases. That's a good thing as it means we can hold on to our phones for longer, smaller manufacturers can catch up to the big boys, and there will be more price competition rather than feature competition. Samsung seems to realize this which is why they're making a big push to differentiate on software. We would benefit from more alternatives to Google's software. I'm just skeptical that Samsung is capable. BC Um, why no images of the Dialer App's interface? It's something that I always want to know but never can readily find. David Ruddock Because I had an hour with the phones total and that wasn't really on my priority list. Sorry. BC It's cool, I'm just a weirdo that likes to know what all the interfaces I'll be interacting with regularly look within OEM apps. Cakefish Just look up the S7 Nougat update UI. I am pretty sure it'll be very similar to that, the rest of the S8's UI is. BC Not good enough for me, though I'll likely preorder the device...I'll be able to see it firsthand this way. Cakefish Check out the bajillion youtube hands-on videos, I'm sure one of them has what you're looking for :) BC I can only hope, though I have a feeling nobody will even care about the Dialer App. Cakefish Found one for ya! Look at 2:12 in the video: https://youtu.be/sZvp4L52QzQ BC Thank you! I had begun the scanning of videos to catch a hint of that app interface. Phone_Addiction Time to ditch my ip7 plus for the gs8+ brararsh Thinking of same. Adil Tajgeer i'm in the same boat but with the regular S8, it seems to be a great blend of big screen in a small package. but will just keep my iphone around. I NEED ALL THE SHINY THINGS. Biga173rd Wow!! that is one gorgeous phone. The build quality is incredible damn Sammy knocked it out of the park. And that metal frame... Nuno G. "You can either have them in Samsung (read: wrong)" Although it's not the standard order for Android, for me it's the natural order, specially for right handed persons!!! When I hold the phone, I hold normally with my right hand, so my thumb finger is the finger that is most near the screen on the right side of it. so it's normal for me to have the back button cause that's the one that I use more.. Miku is Best Vocaloid "Right handed persons" all have different preferences, I am right handed and I use the back button on the left. Middlefinger Im a lefty and Samsungs is still the better positioning. Google just have it wrong but the fanbois on here would never disagree with their Google god. JD Gotta say it wasn't until the S7e that I started to look at Samsung and that Samsung actually got me excited about Android Hardware again. I used to be a Nexus Diehard and when Google and other OEMs just all made glass rectangles, some with really bad software decisions I just gave up. But the S7e was something interesting. The S8 is a really lovely piece of Industrial engineering, like what the OG iPhone and iPhone 4 did to the industry when everyone was doing more of the same. jonzey231 I love that they continue to include wireless charging. iKon It's not even wireless... False advertising more like. jonzey231 Kay. Sharky I've been on Nexus for 5 years but I'm going to give this a go. The bezel-less screen makes it look like something genuinely new, I really wish the Pixel had looked this. I'm still skeptical about Samsung's UI skin but the move to virtual (& customizable!) buttons alleviates that a bit. Hopefully this will encourage Google to step up their efforts with the next Pixel, but it's going to take a big jump from last year's model to get me back. Jay The skin has not been a concern since s7. The whole look can be altered with one click via the theme store. I use one that makes it either look like native android or a jet black theme, that's so enjoyable on these amoled screens. Daniel Tiberius I'm looking forward to playing around with those themes. Middlefinger *S6. Sharky Admittedly the skin does looks quite nice now, I certainly hope I'm converted now I've shelled out $850 on this thing. Kevin Chaos I'm using the S7 and I really want the S8... but I'm going to force myself to wait and at least see what Apple has to offer with their next iPhone. That or Google needs to fix the Android messaging clusterfuck they've created. I've been using Android phones since the Nexus One but iPhones have come a long way and iMessage is starting to look really good. Toss3 Not sure why anyone with an S7/S7E would feel the urge to upgrade. Why not use something like Telegram, Whatsapp, etc. instead of SMS? Kevin Chaos I have a problem with wanting new toys constantly, haha. I think I've gotten a new phone every 6 months. Almost everyone I know uses SMS here. I am also using Google Voice myself. I just don't have enough friends who use those apps. At least that's my case in the United States. Toss3 I used to be like that, but now that Android has matured and caught up with the iPhone in terms of smoothness, I really don't feel the urge to upgrade as often as I used to. Only thing I want right now is an HDR 4K screen for the Note 8 and I'll be happy. Adil Tajgeer iMessage has kept my pixel and OP3 in a drawer for most of their time with me. but the S8 is so pretty i will probably bite the bullet and face the shame of the green bubble. fijisiv Why is the screen curved? Because it's pretty... Why is the aluminum frame now polished? Because it's pretty... Why aren't the batteries any bigger? Because thin phones are pretty... While most AP readers probably do a LOT of research before buying a phone, I'd wager a huge majority of phone purchases are done by people who walk into the store and say "oh that one looks pretty." Toss3 Thankfully we still have the Note-series that should cater to a different audience (hopefully). Adnoxaei It's beautiful, but I'll be skipping it it :/ The fingerprint scanned is just in a terrible spot for my normal usage. I hope one of those scanner techs that can go through the screen can get implimented in the next couple generations. Winston It was reportedly very close to being in the S8, but they couldn't quite get something good enough for it to be signed off. So, Note 8? Adnoxaei The note line got the iris scanner, so it is possible. I already think the S8 is a bit big (really, just too tall), so maybe it can be in the S9 and I'll get it then. At least my bank account will be happuer this year haha. Rann Xeroxx Once you use a scanner on the back of the phone, it actually turns out to be better as that is where your fingers typically are when holding the device. The only problem I can see is if you have it on a table or something and want to use the scanner. (I never do this as I rarely will leave my phone on a table). Miguel Fernandes How can it be better with that limitation? Jan Ibrahim Because in most circumstances for a lot of people , you unlock as you remove from your pocket. This is a lot easier with it on the back. Furthermore, it also means you can achieve a nice clean look on the front of the phone. But no solution is perfect, because the downside is desk use. But i find on the odd occasion I'm using my phone on my desk then pattern lock is fine. But I'd rather have on the back with that limitation than the other way around. Look how ugly the fingerprint scanners look on the front of some of the HTC and oneplus phones for example. John My problem with the S8 is not that the scanner is on the back, which is fine, but that it's all the way up next to the camera. Below the camera would have made more sense. iKon It's only good on the back, if it's in the middle like Huawei devices. Samsung has the worst position out of everyone. My name is…. Google needs to take lessons on how to make pretty phones. Who's gonna prefer a pixel to this? Crazy fanboys only. saf1927 People who actually want a phone. No flat display, no good. My name is…. Pixel was a joke of a phone, i cant believe that Google gave that thing iphone price, so ridiculous. Im sure S8 will be better in every aspect. asian_slaw if you are solely hating on the phone because of the price, you definitely dont understand or have experienced the pixel to it's full potential My name is…. I had a pixel on my hands. i also was an owner of all Nexus phones (after Nexus 4) I would never buy a pixel. There are better phones out there that are better. saf1927 Yes, after coming out half a year later, it doesn't take that much to get a better phone out. By the way, the iPhone 7 will still outperform the S8. it’s me tim-cock. Dude calm your tits. This phone puts the garbage looking iphone and pixel to shame. Your move crapple. saf1927 Come again when Samsung actually puts out a phone that is better than an iPhone in all aspects. A high-res display is nothing to flash your ass out for. Lars Jeppesen Yeah, much better display, more ram, better waterproofness, more freedom (default app anyone? ), wireless charging, fast charging, iris scanner, much higher screen-to-phone ratio, SD card support, bluetooth 5, wifi direct, VR, better assistant (Google Assistant/Bixby),, OH YEAH_, the iPhone sure is better... /s Rann Xeroxx Why on Earth would you pay the absurd price for the Pixel compared to a phone like this? Heck, the Pixel is ugly to boot. And purely from an enterprise standpoint, it has real problems with MDM and ActiveSync configurations to where Samsung goes out of their way to make sure it works perfectly on corporate solutions. saf1927 I actually have an iPhone 7 too, which of course is better than anything Samsung puts out. Looks are subjective. I hate edge displays, so this phone is as ugly as it gets. someone755 Agreed, keep it flat so I can put a normal screen protector on it. JohnyNoLegs Can't even do that on the pixel. These days are over New_Guy Somebody just dropped some world-class knowledge. Kudos h4rr4r Good you can fix the keys! Can you change the settings menu to be normal? Winston Nope, from my time with the S7. And I imagine that will soon be the new normal. Android O DP already has a similar design. So it will soon become normal. h4rr4r Please google, stop moving shit around for the sake of moving shit around. Winston You are the one moving shit around. I don't know what the hell the incentive is for lying, but I have a Galaxy S7. I have a Fast Charger. I have tried both turning the fast charger off in software, AND using a different cable. They both kept my phone cool while charging when using it, and with fast charging on it would heat up. h4rr4r I did not decide to move the buttons around at random or change the settings to some touchwiz crap. I have no idea what you are talking about with the charger. I said nothing about fast chargers. Of course fast chargers make the phone hotter. How do you think this all works? Winston It's not "considerable battery gains". They're actually fairly small: within 10-15 mins SOT in my experience. Samsung itself said, moving from the 5.7 1080p of the Note 3 to the 1440p of the 4, that the power usage delta was 3.5%. That's in hardware. Imagine how little the change is in software. lsh99 The build and design of this phone is exactly what I've been waiting for: premium finishes with a huge screen-to-body ratio. That said, I'm waiting for the Note 8. Cristian-Teodor TATOIU Pricing, for Europe - 799EUR for S8, 899EUR for S8+. These should translate 1:1 to USD + taxes, for US. Of course, unlocked. Turb0wned The question is, if I ordered the US unlocked version from Best Buy, will Samsung screw me out of updates like they did with the unlocked S7E? Trysta After a major Samsung phone reveal, I usually spend the first couple days trying to rationalize how I could buy it even though touchwiz scares me, because the hardware is just so lust-worthy. But this time...not so much. It looks very fancy obviously, and I love the increased screen to body ratio (hopefully all other OEMs....*cough* Google *cough* are paying attention!). But I thought the Note 7, with the extra subtle curves was really the maximum amount of screen curve I was willing to deal with. The curve of the S8/S8+ seems to be going back towards obnoxious taking over 20% of the screen with glare again. Wish they had kept the curved edges the way they were on the Note 7. Batteries are too small, although I understand why they wanted to be careful this year. After my Nexus 6p disappointment, battery life is basically my number one feature for my next phone. And the fingerprint sensor placement is just awful, for seemingly no other reason than to be different from everyone else who has a back fingerprint sensor. I don't want to use iris scanning or face detection. Fingerprint sensors work really well for turning on my phone quickly. This is a major feature of all current flagships. Why did they think this was something that was ok to experiment with/mess up? But in the end, just like every year, I was never going to buy this phone anyway. I hope that it is a great phone for Samsung fans (I'm sure it will be). Shame-sung C.E.O Absolutely horrible looking phone.that it lacks innovation and nothing but gimmicky features. Dominic D ok it’s me tim-cock. As if anyone expect anything diffraction from you. Shame-sung C.E.O Why would anyone expect anything positive from a CORRUPT, thief company? Middlefinger Doesnt do thieving Apple or LG much harm though, or HTC with their new iPhone rip-offs. Shame-sung C.E.O You are mistaken the Corrupt Swinesung Machine that has been sued by. Apple,Dyson,BlackBerry,Microsoft,LG,TSMC And countless other manufactures for stealing. Hmm you sound like those Swinesung guys that were getting paid to Shill and got caught. You can only wish that Apple and LG and anyone else was as horrible as corrupt company as Swinesung. But unlike you i stand by Facts, go ahead and get upset. Not going to change history. : ) Middlefinger Selectively sued in countries with crap IP laws where you can patent anything vague and sue for it even if you never actually made the thing yourself. They failed to sue in countries with reasonable laws. Samsung also counter sued and won, so whatever... Shame-sung C.E.O That's a beautiful excuse. But not a good one. Funny how Swinesung has lost multiple times and agrees to settle after it has uses stolen designs and software and technology. Swingeing has lost all across the world from its home country to the the US. This is the problem with the fanboy mentality. They make poor excuses but everything is online. Swinesung has convicted 2 times of corruption in south korea alone. From Racketeering, Tax Evasion. Fraud and Embezzlement and countless other charges. Also they have the highest return in TV's in the industry with defects. Heck in the S7 and S6,5,4 have all suffered from low quality screens and having image retention issues (again all the information is online if you search) to burn in issues and lets not forget the exploding issues because they choose quantity over quality. Shamesung will always be just that. A low quality company who cares about numbers then quality. Middlefinger You're just a troll, yuor username proves that all by itself. Most of the thing Samsung have been sued for related directly to Android itself, so is Googles fault if anything, not anything they have done. You know this but just troll this site because you are a child with nothing better to do. Dont bother replying, your blocked as of now. Shame-sung C.E.O AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH Facts hurt and hurt so dam much . Man how pathetic. Jay Not sure how your kind of comments continue to survive on this site. Shame-sung C.E.O Because people are entitled to facts and opinions. Just because Swinesung is a horrible corrupt company does not mean bling ignorance does not exist. I mean i like Android and think its amazing and useful, And i feel the same way about Apple , Microsoft LG ect. But Swinesung... Naw i draw the line on the most corrupt company in the tech industry by Parsec's. Dominic D I just wish Samsung would update all their devices at the same time like Apple. Okay, maybe not all... but definitely their S series of devices. It's holding me back from purchasing a Samsung phone again. My AT&T S6 Edge was beautiful but didn't receive Marshmallow for a year. It was nearly unusable on Lollipop with barely an hour and a half of screen-on time. I love my 6P and I'm soon looking to upgrade, but I'm nervous about purchasing another Samsung device. Berkay Wait for the pixel 2 Ilya Kushnir Linux Kernel 4.4.16. This happened! Maha Rashtrian TAKE MY MONEY NOW! How much does it cost though? Mix If Samsung made a phone with stock Android, that had Google's updates I would be in love. My Pixel is nice but Samsung phones just feel nicer. JSo Remember Google Play Edition devices? Those were the days. Mix I do not! My first was Android was a Nexus 4 and I came from a BB Bold! Nexus 4, Nexus 5, Galaxy S6, Pixel Xl, Pixel Xl, Pixel Xl....(I am on my third Pixel, lol) JSo Well other OEMs used to make versions of there devices with stock android on it and they were sold in the Play Store. The Galaxy S4 was one of them. Jaime May I ask why? Were your phones faulty? Mix Mic died on the 1st Pixel and the 2nd one bricked and both were RMA'd through the play store for brand new devices. someone755 "The Pixel is totally worth it, it's a great investment." You alone are proof of the contrary. Mix Just pop on over to GooglePixel on Reddit. Some people are on their 5th phone...when it works it works but my experience? This is the worst Android phone I have ever owned! My 3rd one has been great though so fingers crossed I am done RMA'ing it. someone755 Exactly. There are so many apologists out there of this phone that keep saying that the phone is worth its price, that other phones are just as flawed etc. Meanwhile there are hundreds if not thousands of customers like you. VAVAMk_2 Why? 2kool4skool Agreed, google gets their software right but their hardware could use a lot of improvement. JohnyNoLegs Yea like messenger, allo, duo, hangouts. And pixel now has apps you can't uninstall. Google will be the next Samsung! 2kool4skool Well, should I say partly right, then? JohnyNoLegs Let's just say Samsung does it better than google recently, and that's saying something. Btw I'm on pixel xl coming from note 7. iKon Any phone looks better than the Pixels because #Bezels Bojan Radovanović well, that is true, but it's not a picture to stand in front of it and admire how it looks... Ra1nb0wD4sh DE On my pictures the bezels (aka frames) are mostly wanted though... Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ If Samsung made the phone with stock Android, nobody except a bunch of geeks would buy it. Consumers want the features Samsung adds to Android. Mix Would the average user and purchaser of Samsung phones even know they had stock Android device? Probably not. Samsung makes mach better hardware but their updates and support after the sale freaking suck. Took something like 8 months for my SG6 phone to get an update since Google gives it to Samsung to add shit, then Telus gets to add shit, then I get it. That type of update system is pure trash. theProffer It's the same group of people that can't tell the difference between the new iPhones. You know, the ones Jimmy Kimmel makes fun of once a year. Middlefinger Samsung have to fix Googles mess first, because lets face it, Stock android is a buggy unreliable mess. You cant blame the OEMs for wanting to wait until the software is viable before they risk putting it on their customers devices. Google doesn't care, that's why the Nexus didnt sell well, and the pixel has needed fix after fix after fix. whispy_snippet No. Middlefinger Yes, but Google shills dont like to hear it. whispy_snippet Still no! Middlefinger Denial is pretty powerful. whispy_snippet Well, no. Every average Joe consumer would buy it PLUS a heap of stock Android nerds. Average consumers don't have a freakin clue what TouchWiz or stock Android even are. Who gives a shit anyway. It's never going to happen. Middlefinger Oh god no. Bargain basement software that isnt reliable isnt what people want. Im sure even a stock S8 would have less issues than the trouble prone Nexus and Pixel phones, but even so, it would be commercial suicide for Samsung to rely on an unfiltered Google experience. someone755 It would net them a few thousand customers though. I know I'd be switching to a Samsung if they only made some AOSP-style software possible. Middlefinger Apple could probably sell more iPhones if they had an Android version, but it still doesnt mean it will happen. It would cheapen the Samsung brand to launch an AOSP version, and the only people that would care could just run a custom ROM anyway. someone755 Agreed on all but that last part -- That's why I'm not already a Samsung customer, as they make great efforts to prevent people from running custom ROMs. Middlefinger and yet suck ROM exist, so.. xyz It was called a Galaxy Nexus. JohnyNoLegs I prefer Samsung software. My pixel xl is barron, has nothing in comparison. Can't wait to sell and get the s8 Cakefish The fact that I'm currently unemplyed will prevent me from giving in to my uncontrollable urges to always have the latest tech. S8 looks great. Switchable nav keys, 10nm processors, batteries that lose significantly less of their capacity over time. narrower dimensions for one-handed use, 64GB storage, and a Samsung equivalent to Google's HDR+ camera processing are my personal highlights. Cakefish P.S. for UK users you can get it on the 19th April if you preorder (8 days early). Also, UK pricing: S8 = £689.00, S8+ = £779.00 Middlefinger Yeah but will be cheap enough on contract which is how most people buy phones. Cakefish But I prefer to buy unlocked :( Lars Jeppesen Blame Brexit for that.. the phones are the same prices as the S7 for me here in Denmark Cakefish I do blame Brexit :( ddevito Nice phone, but no thanks. Perfectly comfy with my OP3. Then again I've never owned a Samsuck and never will james fuston jeeeesus the price point. S8 is anywhere from 720-750 and the S8+ is 850? We are getting dangerously close to breaking the 1K mark with standard configurations for phones. I can't justify paying twice the street price of an S7/S7E for one of these. This will be a hard pass for me. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ The LG G6 is $750 and the Pixel XL is $869, and those two phones look pitiful compared to the S8 and S8 Plus. What are you complaining about? Cakefish 21% (S8 vs S7) and 22% (S8+ vs S7 edge) price rises for UK (thanks Brexit) hkklife Pixel XL is the biggest rip-off on the market that's not made by Apple. Google was redefining the $/performance ratio back in 2012 and 2013 with the Nexus 4/5 and Nexus 7s. And then they got greedy and cozied back up to the carriers and went sky-high with their pricing. I'd love to see the BoM for HTC and Google on the Pixels. Gotta give Samsung credit for not jettisoning important features while truly redefining what a rectangular slab handset should be. I still think that the S8 line is one step from greatness---an unlocked model updated in a timely fashion with a 6/128GB RAM/storage variant for all markets and a 500mAh battery boost would make it a world-beater. David Williams I agree. The price point should not be surprising to anyone. james fuston The Pixel XL is $779. Not sure where you're pulling that extra $100 from. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ The 128 GB model is $869. There is no 64GB model. Regardless, the price differences aren't very big either way, and the Pixel XL doesn't hold a candle to the S8 Plus in terms of form OR function. james fuston Yeah, you're either entirely missing or intentionally glossing over the "standard configuration" part. Either way, I can tell you're all aboard the hype train for new technology by the amount of hyperbole you're spouting. Not sure why you felt like chiming in on my comment about the cost/value of the S8 vs the S7, but I think we're done here. Diego Kaku Why no one talks about the stupid position of the fingerprint scanner? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I hate the location of the fingerprint scanner on the S8/Plus. Absolutely despise it. But the rest of the phone is f'in amazing. And it's possible I'd end up using iris or facial recognition anyway. I'm not buying one, but that's only because I'm waiting for the Note 8. Fresh360 Well that was depressing, has all of those leaks left us jaded? What if there were no leaks and only whispers and then we saw a nearly bezel-less phone with a massive screen in a small body? I really think this preview would have had a very different tone. Suresh Aryal Nothing about speakers yet. GSMArena says it has stereo speakers. invinciblegod OH GOD MY OCD!! Those ports are not centered!!!!!!! Groud Frank Samsung Mobile is maturing as a tech company. It's no longer "Let's just copy Apple and cram features into our phones to compete with the iPhone." From Samsung Pass to Samsung Pay to Bixby to DeX, this is a beautiful phone with useful features. I can actually see this phone making my life easier, especially in the password management department. Less navigating, less touching, a focus on user experience and practicality - well done Samsung. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I think Samsung is going to break sales records with these phones. Max Gromada Well, they just "copied" those features: - google's HDR+, - the next iphone's screen proportions; - apple pay, - modern ai voice assistant (they've bought the company that had made the Siri), - apple's augmented reality tech - Nokia's / MS iris scanner. They're welcome to implement a feature-rich phone, but those innovations did not come from Samsung. Tech Writer -Combining multiple photos into one has been a thing much before google did it. Does anyone remember OPPO's 50MP super hi-def mode? Plus I'm sure the implementation is different than Pixel's HDR+. For example, this one works without HDR, and with HDR too. -Next iPhone's screen proportions? Dude, are you kidding me. Samsung is the one who is going to provide those screens to Apple. Plus, this phone is probably in development much before the iPhone. -Apple pay: No. Samsung pay uses MST, not NFC. It's a unique patented tech by looppay, which Samsung acquired. Apple can't even use it and hence Apple pay can't operate in legacy terminals. -modern ai voice assistant: Bixby is not a voice assistant. The phone has google assistant for that. Bixby is more of helper and tells you what is around you. It isn't meant to tell you a joke or search things, you have assistant for that. -apple's augmented reality tech: I really don't know what you are talking about. -Iris scanner: I'll give you that. Most of these are Samsung's own innovations, or acquisitions which are patented. Middlefinger Quite a bit of salt in this article. Samsungs nav buttons are not in the 'wrong' order, Googles are. Argue all you like but the fact remains its subjective and not objective. Im glad Samsung doesnt use Googles staid UX. and you cant complain about Samsung not being as innovative in the software as they are in the hardware and simultaneously get snarky about them not using Googles way of doing things. Google hasnt innovated a damn thing since ICS so if they did make a stock S8 it would be worse, based on your own claim. dabug91 Actually, you're wrong. When you use just about any web browser on the planet, where is the back button located? Top Left. Same for when you use just about any file explorer: Top Left. Same for when you use iOS devices, where do they generally place the back button? Top Left. It makes perfect sense for the back button to be on the left side of the device, because that IS the ergonomically and aesthetically superior place for it. You're wrong, get over yourself. Middlefinger Use with a mouse is different than touch use, and 2 handed touch use is different than one. You are comparing completely different UI element, so your point is invalid. dabug91 Actually, people's thumbs can very easily reach the bottom left hand side of their device, so your distraction about UI's is invalid and you're still wrong. Kys. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I hold my phone in my left hand, and use it with my right hand. The position of the back button makes no difference to me, but I like it on the right. It's not an objective thing. Give up trying to make it so. Middlefinger Right is still better for the most often used function. Given the option most people I know have that set up. Google cant be trusted to know whats best in a UI. This is the company that gave us material design, an admittedly pretty interface that gives you hardly any information per page. Its cumbersome, and this is proven by the fact that they cant even keep it consistent in their own apps, because it just doesnt work properly. Max Gromada Regarding 2-handed touch use, find the "Esc" key on your keyboard ) But, imho, when you're doing it all with your thumb, it does not matter what side the "back" key is placed. I was comfortable with the both layouts. AbbyZFresh I'm sure that this new phone will be a hot commodity likurges I was about to make a joke about the bezzels but there are none.. unlike on the pixel where I have parked my airplane, built a house and a f1 track with some space left. SAM While improvements are welcomed, battery and camera didn't get much attention this year. Lets hope after everything other is taken care of this year, battery and camera will be next. I have a feeling that with what google achieved in pixel's camera, next iPhone(maybe) and pixel 2 will blow the shit out of competition. Max Gromada Actually, the camera is improverd in S8: there is a multi-exposure mode, aka pixel's HDR+, a very welcome feature. SAM I really wish this is the case. They didn't talk much about camera in live stream. Ace Time to buy gs7 _jsw_ Is that the new Gear 360 I see in the background? It's in the image of the S8+ on the stand. Max Gromada Yes, they've introduced the new Gear 360 someone755 That's all great and all, but these prices are getting ridiculous. r0xp0x Too bad even the regular sized one is a tad bit too big for me, and I don't like having a fingerprint scanner on the back of the phone, but it sure is gorgeous. whispy_snippet The headline feature is a big, bezzeless display. Meh. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yeah, never mind the 835, the two types of wireless charging, the Samsung Pay, the HDR screen, the... oh, never mind. You wouldn't care, anyway. whispy_snippet No. I don't. They're just iterations on stuff Samsung always offers. They bring very little to the table that wasn't already there. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Then buy a Pixel. You'll love its football field sized bezels, and the wonderful halos in its pictures. Yeah, I keep hearing that halos are rare. Another site just published a comparison of 22 pictures between the LG G6 and the Pixel. 4 of the 22 Pixel pictures had halos. None of the G6 pictures had halos. So it's not so rare, unless you think 18% of photos is rare. whispy_snippet I have a Pixel. I've experienced the halo effect maybe twice ever. I barely see it because you don't generally shoot straight into strong light sources because it results in crappy shots with any camera. The most important thing for me is user experience. What's the device like to use and own on a daily basis? The Pixel is exceptional in this metric. Great software, great ergonomics, great camera, regular updates, excellent performance. The S8 looks really beautiful, but I see UX compromises everywhere. The off centre, rear mounted fingerprint scanner next to the camera; the glass back; the curved edge display; two voice assistants (yes, they don't fully overlap but Samsung's end goal will be to bump Google Assistant). The S8 is just another new phone. Semianonymous Having voice control over the camera can actually be pretty useful. I have the speak to capture feature enabled on my S7 and it's enabled me to capture some tricky shots that might not have turned out as nicely if I had moved my hand to take the shot. If it's intelligent enough to do stuff like recognize the target and focus/zoom etc, then that could be potentially be really cool. Renan I'd wish Samsung would made a flat version of this... I find the Edge... edges useless. mchalakov Dear Samsung, Just because you think that a curved screen is really cool(it is but just for a presentation) doesn't mean that everybody will like it. Also who the fuck decided it's a good idea to put the fingerprint reader there? Best wishes and less explosions, Yours (some) part of the Internet PVL_93_RU To think that if Samsung didn't keep the archaic home and capacitive buttons for as long as they did - many more of their devices could look just as beautiful as S8 Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 12 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 199 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 240 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 3 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 22 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 66 1 Year Ago Today Amazon Updates Its Policies To Ban USB Type-C Cables That Are Not Fully Spec Compliant 2016/03/29 8:29pm PDTMar 29, 2016 95 2 Years Ago Today Upbeat Monsters Icon Pack Fills Your Homescreen With Adorable Googly-Eyed Apps 2015/03/29 11:57am PDTMar 29, 2015 79 3 Years Ago Today Rumor: Google Now Will Help You Remember, Pay Your Bills [APK Teardown] 2014/03/29 11:55am PDTMar 29, 2014 69 4 Years Ago Today [New App] BBQScreen Mirrors Your Display On A Computer At 25FPS (Root Only) 2013/03/29 7:31pm PDTMar 29, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today WSJ: Google To Open Online Store This Year, Will Sell Tablets Independently Of Retailers (Perhaps With The Launch Of Jellybean) 2012/03/29 8:56pm PDTMar 29, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today Get Your Credit Cards Ready - Android In-App Billing System Now Live (P.S. Devs, No More Separate Lite/Paid Apps, Please) 2011/03/29 8:34pm PDTMar 29, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Upgrade Your Android Phone's External Storage With A-Data Turbo 16GB Class 6 MicroSD Card - Review And Benchmarks 2010/03/29 11:15pm PDTMar 29, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 110 queries | 0.490s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC 2017 News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 1.8M 431K 365K 55K 13K 20K 65K 44K Android Deals Sponsored Post: The Beelink GT1 Android TV Box From $74.99 Sponsored Post: Buy the Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 For Only $199.99 Save $70 on the SanDisk 256GB Micro SD Card – 3/28/17 Deal: Unlocked Moto Z Play for just $329 – 3/28/17 Recent News Samsung Galaxy S8 & Galaxy S8 Plus Wrap-Up: Everything You Need To Know Here’s When & Where You Can Buy the Galaxy S8 & S8 Plus Google Gives Advertisers More Control After YouTube Backlash $2 Billion Vizio Buyout By LeEco May Be In Trouble Recent Reviews Gionee A1 Android Smartphone Review Moto G5 Plus Android Smartphone Review Oukitel U16 Max Android Smartphone Review Ulefone Armor Android Smartphone Review Google Seems To Be Testing A New Pixel Launcher Design March 29, 2017 - Written By John Anon It currently seems as though Google is A/B testing a different design and layout for the Pixel Launcher that comes pre-installed on the Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones. At the moment, the user reports on this are fairly limited and there is no certainty on who is included in the testing – as is the case with A/B testing in general. However, if you own the Google Pixel or the Pixel XL and your home screen looks relatively normal, then it is probably fair to assume that you are not part of the testing. The reason for this is that the new layout does come with some rather obvious and fundamental changes. The first is that the Google Search pill-shaped button (which is synonymous with the Pixel Launcher) has been removed. In its place, the Pixel Launcher’s new design makes use of an older style Google Search tab – one that stretches across the majority of the width of the screen. Although, this is not the exact same Google Search bar as before, as it does come with rounded edges and is suspiciously similar to one which was previous noted as being in testing as far back as November of last year. In either case, and presumably as a direct result of the employing of an elongated Search tab, the weather widget seems to have now been removed completely. The image below highlights these changes quite neatly. Interestingly, one user on Reddit (the source of the image below), notes that the design changed occurred when rolling back from the Android 7.1.2 (Nougat) beta to the stable version of Android 7.1.1. With the user also noting that there does not seem to be any functional changes in play here – it is just the displaying of the Google Search bar (and removal of the weather widget) that takes place. While other users are noting that if you go to the Pixel’s settings menu, then to ‘apps’, then to ‘Pixel Launcher’, and clear the data, the new style (with old style Search bar) is replaced again by the current (pill-shaped) button. Likewise, some are noting that the new style changes to the old style after performing the clear data action on the current (normal) layout. Post navigation $2 Billion Vizio Buyout By LeEco May Be In Trouble Google Gives Advertisers More Control After YouTube Backlash March 29, 2017 | Android News , Android Phone News Source: Reddit Via: 9To5Google Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News Samsung Galaxy S8 & Galaxy S8 Plus Wrap-Up: Everything You Need To Know Here’s When & Where You Can Buy the Galaxy S8 & S8 Plus Leaked HTC U Battery Capacity Could Be 3,000mAh Google Gives Advertisers More Control After YouTube Backlash Google Seems To Be Testing A New Pixel Launcher Design Samsung Galaxy S8 & S8 Plus Video Hands-On $2 Billion Vizio Buyout By LeEco May Be In Trouble Samsung Galaxy S8 & S8 Plus Video Hands-On Samsung Pay Will Soon Work Wherever Visa Checkout Is Taken The Unlocked Galaxy S8/S8 Plus Will Be At Best Buy May 9th The Galaxy S8 & S8+ Camera Reminds Users To Clean The Lens Samsung Galaxy S8 & S8 Plus Hands-On Samsung Gives Closer Look At The Galaxy S8 Infinity Display Rumor: HTC, LG, Coolpad & TCL All Want To Make The Pixel 3 Samsung Exec Reflects On The Galaxy S8 Codename New Images Of The Dual Camera BLUBOO D1 Smartphone Surface Galaxy S8 To Feature Pinterest Integration Via Bixby Samsung Announces The Galaxy S8 & S8 Plus With Bixby & SD835 Speck Presidio Brings Drop Protection to Samsung Galaxy S8 More Pricing Details Emerge For The Galaxy S8/S8+ In Canada Galaxy S8’s Bixby Won’t Understand British English At Launch Load More Posts Follow Share
Sorry!! The article you are trying to read is not available now. Log In Business News Politics And Regulation Markets The Economy Editor's Pick Trading And Investing Stocks ETFs Fixed Income Currencies Earnings Commodities Options Taxes Personal Finance How To Trade How To Invest sectors Biotech/pharma Consumer Energy Financial Global Markets Media Precious Metals Real Estate Technology Transportation special features Wall Of Worry Random Thoughts Sports Business Minyanville Press Hoofy & Boo Radio From The Buzz & Banter Daily Recap MV Education center Video t3 live subscriptions Buzz And Banter Cooper's Market Report Techstrat Report The Options Strategist Thank you very much; you're only a step away from downloading your reports. You will receive a download link right in your email inbox for each of the free reports that you choose. Minyanville Postponing the conference call PLUS Amazon vs Google By Scutify Mar 29, 2017 12:51 pm PRINT   Stay Connected This article is published in collaboration with Scutify, where you can find real-time markets and stock commentary from Robert Marcin, Cody Willard and others. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. I'm afraid I just don't feel up to doing the call after all. I can't hardly talk without catching a coughing fit, so let's postpone the Q&A conference call until tomorrow at 2pm ET. In the meantime, we edited some of last week's Q&A transcript down and made into an article for Marketwatch: These days, Google versus Amazon is a bigger story than Google versus Apple. And Amazon might have more long-term upside than either Google or Apple. But I continue to hold all three. Here's why. Google GOOG, +1.00% is down from its recent all-time highs, but so is the broader market. I am surprised the stock hasn't been hit more than it has, as Google's headlines for the past week have been dominated by Google and its struggles with advertisers. A lot of big advertisers, from Verizon VZ, -0.45% to AT&T T, -0.05% here in the United States, to others in Europe and the rest of the world are frustrated with Google showing advertisements on what is perceived as hate or terrorist-related videos. Frankly, I am shocked that Google is still having that problem. I remember when YouTube was launched 12 years ago, and the company had so many problems with copyright content being uploaded, and major media companies were coming down hard on Google after it subsequently bought YouTube. Within weeks Google had software that was able to root out all that copyrighted content. Here we are 12 years later and Google's entire business model and cash flow rests on ads and ad networks, and this same issue apparently has not been solved. They are still having issues with ads being shown on places they shouldn't be. Just last week, I trimmed my long-held Alphabet. Alphabet could catch a doghouse effect for a while. You know, the pendulum swings back and forth, and right now it's looking like it could be swinging against Google. What the market is willing to pay for Google's earnings is bigger than what it will for Apple's AAPL, -0.07% earnings, but for now that multiple might contract for Google and expand for Apple. We have seen that kind of interplay between those two stocks over the years. But I continue to hold a core position, as I have since its IPO, because in the grand scheme of things, Google is very much about Android and the internet of things. Google browsers, self-driving cars, other ventures and search ads are all part of it too, of course. The biggest threat to Google isn't Apple. On the ad and search side and the Android side, the biggest threat is Amazon AMZN, +1.71% and its Alexa device, as I've talked about during the past few months. Amazon is one of our biggest holdings. In coming years, we'll all be talking to our smartphones and asking questions rather than typing in queries. Likewise, I expect Amazon to try another shot at the smartphone game, using an Android operating system, but Amazon will have built the smartphone from the ground up to be Alexa-centric. The Amazon world has become its own ecosystem from Alexa, to Amazon.com to the Amazon App. The consumer side of Amazon is stealing a playbook from the Apple ecosystem concept. The Amazon ecosystem is in the very early stages. The upshot is that I think you want to continue to own both Google and Amazon for the long term. But I think there's more upside potential in Amazon. In fact, I think Amazon could be another dark horse that ends up being the first trillion-dollar company. (It's now worth $403 billion.) I continue to hold both Amazon and Google in my personal portfolio. P.S.: On May 17, I'll be giving my talk "Flip It: You're Doing It All Wrong" at the Las Vegas Money Show. Click here to register. This article was written by Cody Willard for on . This article published in collaboration with Scutify, the best app for traders and investors. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. < Previous 1 Next > View As One Page Click Here to read the disclaimer > Follow Us On Twitter PRINT   Get The Minyanville Daily Recap Newsletter Stay current on financial news, entertainment, education and smart market commentary. Subscribe   Stay Connected Featured Videos This application requires JavaScript. WHAT'S POPULAR IN THE VILLE 1 Trade It: $CMG Hammers On Major Breakout Level 2 Heavy Bullish on $NFLX Until This Happens... 3 Why Wynn Resorts Is Heading To $150 And Investors Should Be Buying Now 4 Markus Teller‏ @MarkusTeller1 13m13 minutes ago More Two Month, 23% Move On $AZN Coming To An End, 5 Two Month, 23% Move On $AZN Coming To An End, See Where To Short See All Articles » More From Minyanville   Business News Trading and Investing Sectors Special Features MV PREMIUM MV Education Center Video Buzz & Banter Cooper's Market Report TechStrat Report The Options Strategist Sitemap Contributor Bios Directory of Terms Archive Email Alerts RSS Feeds T3 Live Subscriptions Minyanville Merchandise Company   MinyanLand Minyanville Media Buzz and Banter.com Ruby Peck Foundation About Us Advertise Contact Us Help Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Disclaimers   Follow Minyanville on Facebook   Follow minyanville on Twitter   Follow Minyanville on Linkedin   Subscribe to Our RSS Feed Partners   ©2017 Minyanville Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 48 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares100 Google News Update 1: 2017/03/29 2:47am PDT Logitech, August Home, and Rachio have all announced that they're adding Google Assistant support for the Harmony hubs and remotes, Smart Lock, and Smart Sprinkler Controller, respectively. However, A smart home hub, like the Google Home, is only useful if it can actually control your smart home stuff. The Google Home only shipped with a handful of supported devices and services, but over the past few months, that has expanded a great deal. In addition to the Wink devices we covered earlier, Google Assistant (and thus, the Google Home) now works with LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia smart home products. Let's start with Best Buy Insignia, which is the company's own line of tech products. You're probably familiar with the Insignia TVs or tablets, but only the Insignia Wi-Fi smart plug is compatible (for now). Just like similar products from TP-Link and WeMo, this is pretty much just an outlet you can turn on or off remotely. LIFX primarily sells smart light bulbs, similar to Phillips Hue. In addition to the usual multi-colored bulbs, they have a few unique options as well, like an infrared bulb to help home security cameras. You could already get LIFX to work with your Google Home through the Samsung SmartThings Hub, but official support is always great to have. Next up is Vivint, which is more focused on security. Vivint produces several connected security devices (cameras, locks, etc), which all connect to a central control panel. Now that control panel can connect to Google Assistant, giving you easy access to your whole security system. Finally we come to TP-Link - no, you can't control your router with voice commands. The company's range of light bulbs is supported, which don't actually need any connected hub to work (just a standard 2.4GHz Wi-Fi connection). TP-Link also sells several Wi-Fi smart plugs. As always, you can connect these devices to Assistant through the Google Home app. If you already have one of these products, a firmware update or something similar may be required for full compatibility. Update 1: 2017/03/29 2:47am PDT Logitech, August Home, and Rachio have all announced that they're adding Google Assistant support for the Harmony hubs and remotes, Smart Lock, and Smart Sprinkler Controller, respectively. However, it seems that August Home and Rachio will only work with Assistant on Google Home, not the one on your phone. Sigh. It might be the same for Logitech. Also supposedly going live are First Alert (which was promised last year along with Wink and LiFX), Frigidaire, Geeni, and Anova. I'm not sure if any/all of these are live yet because I can't see them in Assistant on my phone. They might be limited to Google Home, but they might also be in the list of third-party services instead of the list of products you can easily integrate with Assistant. Let us know if you see them and if they're working for you. End of Update Source: Google, Google Support Tags assistant Best Buy insignia google assistant google home insignia LIFX smart home tp-link Vivint subscribe ... Previous Story The option to save your parking location has disappeared from Google Maps ... Next Story [Much Screenshot. Very Description] Lenovo's APPShot is a crime against all Play Store listing ... Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments mx3 Still can't listen for music though :( whispy_snippet So pull some strings then Matías! rattrick1 Why no mention of August or Rachio? Michael Lavi I don't think August is live yet. Don't see any option to add August in the Google Assistant settings not do I see Google Assistant in the august access settings... WretchedGenius It's not under Home Control, it's under Services. Michael Lavi Thanks. Got it linked now, but that means I can't use Assistant on my phone to control August. Why? This is ridiculous. WretchedGenius I'm just guessing, but maybe a security precaution so you can't accidentally lock/unlock your door when not on the property? I've accidentally controlled some of my smart home devices remotely while explaining to someone how it works. Rita El Khoury You're right. Both announced it, but Corbin must have missed the PRs in our inbox' deluge of emails. I'm updating the post to reflect that. Francois Roy Holy crap the TP-LINK smartplugs are so badly engineered I just can't believe they made it past the drawing board. Oo When you are outdesigned by friggin Insignia, you know it's BAD.. ZettabyteGamer The TP-LINK Mini works really well, whats so bad with it. They also have the best Android app out of any of the smart-switch makers, which is exactly why I chose tp link. Francois Roy Can't you see the HS100/110 models blocks EVERY other outlet around it? Up/down/left/right. Way to go, geniuses. What's more, it is BOUND to be used on the upper most outlet. If you have something else as badly designed to plug at the same place (or let's be crazy: a second unit), you're screwed. As for the mini, the bloody plug is centered! That will inevitably block outlets on many types of powerbars. Now look at the Insignia model and you will NEVER find a scenario/powerbar model where you are forced to block another outlet. And that, my friend, is what I call a good design. Max Müller f*ck this shit and open the API for everyone! Gerardo Sarabia LIFX is definitely a good addition. ZettabyteGamer It's realllllllyyyyy broken, not even usable. Gerardo Sarabia Still broken? It is working fine for me. ZettabyteGamer It seems to be mostly working now, still has some hiccups every now and then. Ahmad El-Ibrahim Can't wait until the Vivint gets implemented, their blog post stated in April. wcjeep Alexa has worked with TP Link for awhile now. Alexa also works with Honeywell Thermostat. Surprised Google is still playing catch up. Greg Macek Why is it a surprise? Google Home came out less than a year ago and Alexa has been out for 2+ years? Did anyone realistically expect developers to port everything over to GH from Alexa that fast? YaKillaCJ For real. This reminds me of the whole iOS is better and have more/better Apps than Android. Old underdog Android is now outselling iOS 9:1. wcjeep With Google money I thought Google Home would come out of the gate swinging. I went with Alexa because it's cheap ($50), better form factor and works with more peripherals. If Google Home can equal Alexa than I'd consider switching. Google has way better search than Alexa. I already have a phone and tablet. Adam Margeson Kind of, yeah. Let's be real - it's not like any of them really care about privacy or security in the first place, so it should be pretty straight forward to get it up and running. Gerardo Sarabia Alexa launched first, why are you surprised? ZettabyteGamer LIFX is buggy as fuck, If I tell it to change my lights to any color the lights will blink on and off for 20ish seconds, and sometimes stay off. Gerardo Sarabia Working fine for me, at least for now. Moosa Mahsoom I still haven't got Google Assitant on my Moto G4 plus running nougat. any idea why? Jennifercalvarez Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dy142c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !dy142c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs442ShopPageGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dy142c:....,..... Morten Ulv search language set to US English? Or was it voice language. Or phone language. Can't remember. But a Google search will tell you. Hrithik Oswal Search on YouTube for it Morten Ulv Harmony support also, thats nice. Though since I already set Harmony up with IFTTT, where I just say "turn on the shield", with this I have to say, "ask harmony to turn on the shield". Are there any benefit to this, other than not having to create the actions myself? SyCoREAPER I was going to comment on Harmony, mainly my disappointment. Harmony was the smartest product I had but as of late they don't seem to be keeping up in the home automation arena. Morten Ulv Their software sucks, but once it's set up I think it does the job well. After all, everything is handled through Google Assistant, so I don't really need Harmony to do anything more. Were you thinking more in lines of expanding their support to more type of devices? I'm probably going to get a SmartThings box next. At least that's likely to continue to gets tons of support. SyCoREAPER Well I have the Harmony Hub and the Harmony Total Home (or whatever it's called) to control smart devices like smart plugs, lamps, thermostats, etc. I personally have the opposite view though in regards to their software. It was terrible but is actually quite user friendly and super customizable as well. Detonation Looks like Assistant can do more than just start/end activities now, like pause and change channel/volume. I'll still be sticking with my IFTTT commands for activities though. "Ok Google, Xbox" is a lot easier than "Ok Google, ask harmony to turn on the Xbox" Morten Ulv Ah, that's cool. I'll probably be using both as well. jaylanPHNX This is something I've been waiting for. Starting/stopping my activities through IFTTT is great, but being able to pause Netflix on my tv (or Hulu on my Xbox), or mute the volume on my receiver with my voice will be super useful. I'm often in the kitchen while leaving the remote in the living room or vice versa. jaylanPHNX Has anyone actually gotten this to work? I linked my account, but when I ask Google to ask Harmony to do something, it just tells me it can't send messages yet. WTF?! Guest Logitech, August Home, and Rachio are all live and are available through the services section. Itchy_Robot Does this mean we can used them without the Google Home hardware? ddevito People are still using Google Home? YaKillaCJ Yes and happily. Why not? Prezes Dyrektor I'm confused about assistant. Is it gonna be available on all nougat devices, including LOS? And why the differentiation between google home and non home devices? Which one is which and which does it work with? SMH I have logitech harmony setup, I wanna start using voice commands ASAP (without the hassle of IFTTT) YaKillaCJ Well essentially Home and Screen Devices (non-home) have different abilities. Mainly having a screen allows for more options in general on the phone. The benefit of the Home is input distance, input through ambient noise, loud response and always on (not draining battery). But your right to get confused because Google has it backwards in many ways. The assistant on your phone should function better but at times it doesn't. Gerardo Sarabia There's no reason for Assistant being different on your phone and in Home, I mean, no reason apart from Google's stupidity. Honestly this just makes things confusing, but this is classic Google. Larry Gleaner All these new features, and yet it still can't play songs from my library. Jeez. Itchy_Robot Agreed, I really do not understand why we can not stream our music library that is housed on Google Music servers. Larry Gleaner I called support about this, and they told me that this feature is under development. They would not give me a status or an ETA. Seems very odd to me, as this is the primary reason for buying this device! Amazon Echo does this without issue for songs in your Amazon library. Chris Can someone explain what it can do for First Alert smoke alarms? I have an old model that are hardwired with battery backup. I've seen some new wifi version at Lowes which I assume is what Google Home would work with. What exactly do they do and will Home be able to do with them? WretchedGenius Haven't seen FirstAlert go live on GA yet, but my guess is that you will be able to check battery level (which obviously wouldn't be a factor in a wired unit like yours) and probably verbally silence the alarm if it goes off (useful in the kitchen). Matej Ilic Everything but Chromecast and Chromecast audio, Google's own products. (I know Google Home supports it) WretchedGenius August is indeed under Services, and not Home Control. I was able to set mine up in under 30 seconds, and it works identically to their existing Alexa skill. You can have it list your devices, check the status of a lock, or lock a door. Like the Alexa skill, you cannot unlock a door via voice (which makes sense, since you wouldn't want anyone within shouting distance to be able to unlock your door). jamez243 Actually a little disappointed Logitech Harmony as a service instead of device. "Hey Google, ask Harmony" that's already a mouthful. Why not​ just "hey Google tune the TV to ESPN" instead of "hey Google ask Harmony to tune the TV to ESPN" ugh giant22000 You can set up custom commands via IFTTT. Itchy_Robot Why would Logitech, August Home and Rachio support assistant only through Google Home, and not assistant on the phone? My WeMo wifi outlet works with only my Nexus 5X phone with Assistant (no Home), which is great. theSuperStar Harmony service, it works and much easier than Auto Voice setup. just_a_lemming Not having Home available in Australia makes me sad :( Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 14 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 203 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 4 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 28 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 66 1 Year Ago Today Amazon Updates Its Policies To Ban USB Type-C Cables That Are Not Fully Spec Compliant 2016/03/29 8:29pm PDTMar 29, 2016 95 2 Years Ago Today Upbeat Monsters Icon Pack Fills Your Homescreen With Adorable Googly-Eyed Apps 2015/03/29 11:57am PDTMar 29, 2015 79 3 Years Ago Today Rumor: Google Now Will Help You Remember, Pay Your Bills [APK Teardown] 2014/03/29 11:55am PDTMar 29, 2014 69 4 Years Ago Today [New App] BBQScreen Mirrors Your Display On A Computer At 25FPS (Root Only) 2013/03/29 7:31pm PDTMar 29, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today WSJ: Google To Open Online Store This Year, Will Sell Tablets Independently Of Retailers (Perhaps With The Launch Of Jellybean) 2012/03/29 8:56pm PDTMar 29, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today Get Your Credit Cards Ready - Android In-App Billing System Now Live (P.S. Devs, No More Separate Lite/Paid Apps, Please) 2011/03/29 8:34pm PDTMar 29, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Upgrade Your Android Phone's External Storage With A-Data Turbo 16GB Class 6 MicroSD Card - Review And Benchmarks 2010/03/29 11:15pm PDTMar 29, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 63 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 105 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 63 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 105 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 101 queries | 0.539s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Google Duo video call app: How does it work and does it offer voice calls? Elyse Betters30 March 2017Apps Google/Pocket-lint Duo is a new iOS/Android app from Google It enables 1-to-1 video calls with people in your contacts Must verify your phone number to make calls All videos calls are end-to-end encrypted In 2017, Duo updated to offer voice calling Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google is going after FaceTime and WhatsApp and other video-calling apps with its own solution called Duo. Duo is free to use and enables 1-to-1 video and voice calls. It relies on your number, lets you reach people in your phone’s contacts list, offers end-to-end encryption, and has nifty features like Knock Knock, which lets you see live video of your caller before you answer. It's easy to use, too, because the app's interface is ridiculously simple. Here's how Duo works, including how to get started and whether its safe to use. Google Duo: What is Duo? Google unveiled Duo at its Google I/O developer conference in 2016. It has described Duo, which is free and available for iOS and Android devices worldwide, as a "simple video calling" app for everyone. It's basically a FaceTime/WhatsApp/Skype competitor. Google Duo: How does Duo work? Getting started First, download the app for your iOS or Android device. Once you open Duo, you'll have to agree to Google's Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. From there, you can designate whether Duo can send you notifications and access your microphone and camera. Once done, enter your phone number. Google will send you a one-time code via SMS that you'll need to enter into Duo in order to verify your number. You must verify your number because your Duo contacts will use it to call you, which is similar to how WhatsApp works. You'll then be brought to the app's main interface: a screen that is split into two, with the top half showing you what your camera sees, and the bottom portion offering up a large video call button. When you first see this screen, you'll be asked to give Duo access to your contacts. Pocket-lint Video calling Every time you open Duo, you'll see the camera view/video call button screen. To start making a video call, tap the video call button on this screen (when you use the app later on, you'll also see quick-hit buttons for your recent and frequent contacts next to and below the video call button). A contacts screen will then pop up, from which you can search for contacts by name or number as well as invite friends to Duo. Your friends will need to install Duo for them to be able to video call you using Duo - which sounds obvious but is worth mentioning. OK, so once a friend has Duo installed, hit the video call button, then find your friend on the contacts screen, and tap his or her name. The first time you call, Google will tell you "Smile! Knock Knock is on", along with a notice that says your friend - if he or she has you as a contact - will see you appear on their phone while you're ringing. In other words, don't assume your friend can't see you while you're ringing them, because they can, and that could lead to some embarrassing situations. (Your friend can't see you while ringing you.) So, whenever you video call a friend, you'll see a screen that warns your video is a visible, then you'll see the name or the number of the person you're video calling, and an end button, all of which is superimposed onto a view of whatever your camera sees (likely you). When a friend calls you, and you happen to be using your phone, you'll see an incoming video call screen, which includes a view of whatever his or her camera sees, a name or the number of your friend, and buttons to either answer or end the video call. If you're not using your phone, you may simply get a notification that says a video call is incoming, but that depends on your notification preferences. Once you answer a video call, or if your friend answers your call, you'll see the actual video call screen, which includes a view of whatever his or her camera sees and five buttons. These buttons include a button to change audio source, a button to toggle between your front and rear-facing cameras, a mute button, a button/round thumbnail of your camera view (which you can tap to enlarge and thus minimise your friend's camera view to the round thumbnail), and an end call button. It's all pretty straightforward, to be honest. When you or your friend end a call, you will be brought back to the camera view/video call button screen, where you'll then see buttons for your recent and frequent contacts next to and below the video call button. Keep in mind if you don't have someone in your contacts, the quick-hit buttons for your recent and frequent contacts will simply show their phone numbers, and tapping any of these number buttons will prompt you to either add the number to your contacts, start a video call, remove it from this list, or block the number. Pocket-lint Manage preferences While on the app's main interface (the camera view/video call button screen), tap the three-vertical-dots button in the upper right-hand corner. You'll then see options to go to Settings, Help, and Feedback. Tap the Settings option. Under this menu, there are several settings you can change, including the ability to turn off Knock Knock. You can also limit your mobile data usage, enable your phone to vibrate while ringing (Android only), unregister your phone number, and block numbers, among other things. Google Duo: Is Duo free to use? Yes. Duo is completely free to download and use. Google Duo: Can you disable Knock Knock? Yes. Duo has a feature called Knock Knock that lets you see live video of your caller before you answer. You can disable this feature under the Settings menu within the app (see 'Manage preferences' above). Google Duo: Can you do group video calls? No. Duo is a 1-to-1 video calling app. Google Duo: Can you do voice calls? Yes. According to a tweet from Google exec Amit Fulay, Duo was updated in March 2017 so that users can use the app to place voice calls. The voice-calling feature is available to Duo users worldwide. Google Duo: Can you sign up without a phone number? No. Duo needs your phone number. The app lets you reach people in your phone’s contacts list. No separate account is required. Google Duo: Is Duo fast and reliable? Supposedly. Here's what Google has to say: We’ve built Duo to be fast and reliable, so that video calls connect quickly and work well even on slower networks. Call quality adjusts to changing network conditions to keep you connected - when bandwidth is limited, Duo will gracefully reduce the resolution to keep the call going smoothly. For video calls on the go, Duo will switch between Wi-Fi and cellular data automatically without dropping your call. You can start your call at home, and continue seamlessly even when you head out the door. Google Duo: Is Duo safe? Yes. Duo video calls are end-to-end encrypted. Want to know more? Check out Google's announcement blog post. Sections Google Apps Google Duo video call app: How does it work and does it offer voice calls? Bixby, Samsung's smart AI, launches on the Galaxy S8 but only supports US English... Best movies to look forward to in 2017: Here are all the top film trailers What is Facebook Stories and how does it work? Popular In Apps On Pocket-lint What is Facebook Stories and how does it work? What is Google Assistant, how does it work, and which devices offer it? Google Duo video call app: How does it work and does it offer voice calls? Bixby, Samsung's smart AI, launches on the Galaxy S8 but only supports US English and Korean Tinder launches web version so you can 'drag right' from a computer How to find lost AirPods with Apple's new Find My AirPods feature Yaass! Facebook is finally testing GIFs in comments (but not for posts) Pokemon Go is giving players a chance to catch rare shiny Magikarp Google Photos tips and tricks: Store and edit your photos like a pro Super Mario Run for Android finally available on Google Play Store What is Bixby? Samsung's smart AI explained Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Galaxy S7 edge: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs LG G6: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Galaxy S7: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus: What's the difference? What is Facebook Stories and how does it work? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs S6 vs S6 edge: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Pixel vs Pixel XL: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8: Release date, specs and everything you need to know What is Google Assistant, how does it work, and which devices offer it? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year Small Business Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Business Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine Comment Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Startup Growing Managing More Work In Progress The Venture Franchising Trends More The Big Idea Entrepreneur Marketing Finance Tech Resources Experts More Ask Our Experts Tax Time Home Business Small Biz Entrepreneur March 30 2017 - 10:49AM Save Print License article Siobhan Komander wound back her $20 million business because it was making her sick Cara Waters Contact via Email Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter 284 reading now Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More From the outside, Siobhan Komander had it all. She ran her own events company, Xphyr Brand Experiences, which she started in 2004 with a laptop and $3000. One of Xphyr's first clients was a company called Google, a new search engine in Australia with only three staff.   SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Siobhan Komander changed her life after she was diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes.  Photo: Supplied Xphyr was hired to put together Google's first-birthday celebrations, and for 12 years Komander and her team ran Google's Australian events. Other clients included YouTube, Spotify, Houzz and Twitter, with Xphyr turning over $20 million a year in 2016 across its Sydney and Singapore offices. "I was running a successful business, doing what I thought I loved and what I was good at – but I was a mess," Komander says. "I was stressed, anxious and had no work/life balance." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Liverpool Street is an online start-up that will offer organic tampon subscriptions.  Photo: Supplied Diabetes diagnosis Komander was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes and realised things had to change.   "The first time I was diagnosed was during the global financial crisis," she says. "We literally lost $1.5 million off our books in two days. That was stressful, [as was] having to be reactionary and knowing that we couldn't plan anything." Advertisement Komander decided to drastically overhaul her life, changing her diet, exercise habits and business.  "Your mental health can have an impact on diabetes as well," Komander says. "You can get caught in a cycle of being stressed and anxious and constantly worrying." She wound back Xphyr to "a select few clients", two staff members and $2 million turnover, and set about starting over.    Right decision Komander is launching Liverpool St in April 2017, an organic cotton tampon subscription business.  "The decision to wind back a business I'd worked so hard to build in favour of an online start-up was not an easy one, but it was the right one," she says. "What I didn't want was to wake up in 10 years and realise 'Where did the last 10 years go?' You get swept up in it. It's a wonderful exciting journey, but the challenges of constantly being on and constantly working can take a toll on your physical and mental health." Komander says she had moved away from her passion –  being creative – to getting bogged down in the procedure and strategy of running a large, demanding business.  It's a wonderful exciting journey but the challenges of constantly being on and constantly working can take a toll on your physical and mental health. Siobhan Komander "An event company is a very manual process; everything is bespoke and created specifically for a client," she says. "I was looking for something more automated and online." Komander has used $40,000 of her own money to start Liverpool St, with the inspiration for the venture coming from her own health scare when she switched to using organic and natural products where possible. "I looked at my skincare, my shampoo, my food," she says. "The one thing I didn't think about was my tampons. I thought 'My god, I'm 40, what have I been putting in myself for the last 30 years?'."  Komander says she found it "quite challenging" to get organic tampons online in a subscription model, and saw a gap in the market for a monthly delivery for $8.90.  "Im learning something new every third or fourth hour," she says. "I'm focusing on building a community, which involves a large element of creativity involving platforms like Instagram and Pinterest."   She's starting lean, using Shopify to build Liverpool St's platform rather than creating an entirely new website.  "I'm starting with tampons but will look to expand to organic pantie-liners through to cotton face pads, things you essentially need every month," Komander says. "We are going to be quite aggressive. We are looking to increase subscribers by 1000 a month to have 12,000 by the end of the year." Lessons learnt ﻿ Price point will be key in whether Komander's new venture is a success according to Jana Matthews, director of the Centre for Business Growth at UniSA Business School.  "While customers may pay a bit more for tampons that are natural, organic, environmentally friendly and home delivered, they will still expect them to be comfortable and perform as well or better than tampons they currently use," she says. " [Liverpool St] will need to target the subset of the market that values not having to search for  an eco-friendly disposable when they need it." Competitors include Moxie, which offers organic tampon delivery, but Komander says Liverpool St is different.  "We are creating a community, not just selling products," she says. "I feel positive for the future."   Komander is taking the lessons she learnt building Xphyr into Liverpool St.  "Cash flow is something you learn pretty swiftly about," she says. "In the event business, we often had to pay our suppliers before they paid us." But this time around Komander is keen to maintain her hard-won healthier lifestyle.   "Maintaining a work/life balance is key," she says. "Being online allows that flexibility during daytime hours. If I need to look after the kids, I have time for that."  ​Komander is sanguine about the challenges she will face.  "I've been here before, I can do it again, right?" she says. "I remember how tough it was first time around." Follow MySmallBusiness on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn. 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia How To Help A Loved One Who Is Being ... Contains: External link Solid Gold Coin Worth $4 Million Stolen ... Contains: External link Most Popular My $20 million business made me sick Don't volunteer, work: the new do-gooders getting bang for their buck 10 tips for young entrepreneurs Revealing small business tax debts to credit agencies a major win It's official, self-employed people are happier Follow My Small Business Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Small Business My $20 million business made me sick It's official, self-employed people are happier 10 tips for young entrepreneurs Don't volunteer, work: the new do-gooders getting bang for their buck From refugee to entrepreneur in three years The Sydney Morning Herald Commuters will have months of pain, but no one asked if it was worth it Latham sacked by Sky News after calling school student 'gay' Sydney weather warning issued in wake of Cyclone Debbie Wet and wild conditions ahead for Sydney as ex-Cyclone Debbie drifts south Contractors ordered to fix 'rotten egg' smell from WestConnex site The Age What the Brownlow could learn from the Ws 'The demonic force of that sound': Our Hamilton Island holiday with Cyclone Debbie Government warned Melbourne Metro won't support future airport rail link 'Big mother of a snake' photobombs mum's snap of daughter The real reason power companies block battery systems Brisbane Times 'Be prepared for creek flooding': Intense rain on way for Brisbane Queensland schools closed, workers ordered home 'The whole island is just smashed': Family's tropical birthday getaway turns nightmare Released after 25 years, he killed again, to be 'king of barbecues' back in jail The real reason power companies block battery systems Canberra Times 'This is a travesty': Popular Civic pub 'shut until further notice' Centrelink hits 21,000 families with bogus FTB debts Latham sacked by Sky News after calling school student 'gay' Lyneham's Book Lore determined to turn negative of break-ins into a positive Bishop cut short participation in expenses review after repaying $6700 WA Today The man who has stood beside Ben Cousins Grandfather dies after alleged one-punch attack outside Perth restaurant The Moon and Sixpence set to close doors in May What the Brownlow could learn from the Ws WA's first 'turf paving' driveway looks set to pass council test Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World selected Business Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability US & Canada selected US & Canada US & Canada Vector Institute is just the latest in Canada's AI expansion By Jessica Murphy BBC News, Toronto 29 March 2017 From the section US & Canada Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-39425862 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright University of Toronto Image caption Geoff Hinton is known as the "godfather of deep learning" Canadian researchers have been behind some recent major breakthroughs in artificial intelligence. Now, the country is betting on becoming a big player in one of the hottest fields in technology, with help from the likes of Google and RBC. In an unassuming building on the University of Toronto's downtown campus, Geoff Hinton laboured for years on the "lunatic fringe" of academia and artificial intelligence, pursuing research in an area of AI called neural networks. Also known as "deep learning", neural networks are computer programs that learn in similar way to human brains. The field showed early promise in the 1980s, but the tech sector turned its attention to other AI methods after that promise seemed slow to develop. "The approaches that I thought were silly were in the ascendancy and the approach that I thought was the right approach was regarded as silly," says the British-born professor, who splits his time between the university and Google, where he is a vice-president of engineering fellow. Now, neural networks - which allow computers to do things like teach themselves to play games like Texas hold 'em - are considered tech's next big thing, and Hinton is recognised globally for his work. Neural networks perform complex and intuitive tasks through exposure to huge amounts of data. Today's more powerful computers and massive sets of data allowed for breakthroughs in neural network technology, improving accuracy in speech recognition and computer vision, which is helping make self-driving cars a reality. AI to dominate banking Elon Musk's new brain electrode firm Neural networks are used by the likes of Netflix to recommend what you should binge watch and smartphones with voice assistance tools. Google DeepMind's AlphaGo AI used them to win against a human in the ancient game of Go in 2016. Image copyright Google/Getty Images Foteini Agrafioti, who heads up the new RBC Research in Machine Learning lab at the University of Toronto, said those recent innovations made AI attractive to researchers and the tech industry. "Anything that's powering Google's engines right now is powered by deep learning," she says. Developments in the field helped jumpstart innovation and paved the way for the technology's commercialisation. They also captured the attention of Google, IBM and Microsoft, and kicked off a hiring race in the field. The renewed focus on neural networks has boosted the careers of early Canadian AI machine learning pioneers like Hinton, the University of Montreal's Yoshua Bengio, and University of Alberta's Richard Sutton. Money from big tech is coming north, along with investments by domestic corporations like banking multinational RBC and auto parts giant Magna, and millions of dollars in government funding. Toronto will soon get the Vector Institute for Artificial Intelligence, geared to fuelling "Canada's amazing AI momentum". The new research facility, which will be officially launched on Thursday, will be dedicated to expanding the applications of AI by through explorations in deep learning and other forms of machine learning. It has received about C$170m (US$127m/£102m) in funding from the Canadian and Ontario governments and a group of 30 businesses, including Google and RBC. Hinton will be the institute's chief scientific adviser. Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Building an artificial brain that thinks like a human is complex and experts are only just beginning to get to grips with it Former banking executive Ed Clark will head the institute, and says the goal is to make Toronto, which has the largest concentration of AI-related industries in Canada, one of the top five places in the world for AI innovation and business. The founders also want it to serve as a magnet and retention tool for top talent aggressively head-hunted by US firms. Clark says they want to "wake up" Canadian industry to the possibilities of AI, which is expected to have a massive impact on fields like healthcare, banking, manufacturing and transportation. The Vector Institute is just the latest infusion of cash into Canada's AI sector. Google invested C$4.5m (US$3.4m/£2.7m) last November in the University of Montreal's Montreal Institute for Learning Algorithms. Microsoft is funding a Montreal startup, Element AI. The Seattle-based company also announced it would acquire Montreal-based Maluuba and help fund AI research at the University of Montreal and McGill University. Thomson Reuters and General Motors both recently moved AI labs to Toronto. Earlier this month, the federal government announced C$125m ($94m/£75m) for a "pan-Canadian AI strategy". RBC is also investing in the future of AI in Canada, including opening a machine learning lab headed by Agrafioti, co-funding a program to bring global AI talent and entrepreneurs to Toronto, and collaborating with Sutton and the University of Alberta's Machine Intelligence Institute. Those trying to build Canada's AI scene admit places like Silicon Valley will always be attractive to tech talent. But they hope strategic investments like these will allow Canada to fuel the growth of domestic startups. Canadian tech also sees the travel uncertainty created by the Trump administration in the US as making Canada more attractive to foreign talent. (One of Clark's the selling points is that Toronto as an "open and diverse" city). "I would hate to see one more professor moving south," Agrafioti says. "Really, I hope that five years from now we look back and say we almost lost it but we caught it in time and reversed it." Media captionThe robots will learn from their environment, each other - and us Related Topics Canada Artificial intelligence Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story AI to dominate banking, says report 28 March 2017 Elon Musk creates Neuralink brain electrode firm 28 March 2017 Top Stories Ministers set out Brexit sovereignty plan Measures to end the supremacy of EU law come after the government formally triggered Brexit. 30 March 2017 Land search in missing helicopter probe 30 March 2017 Lloyd's of London confirms Brussels base 30 March 2017 Features Did this alleged Russian spy help Trump win election? Dying in prison: Two women's stories The wine detective battling counterfeiters 'The 999 call-out that changed my life' Video Why this girl didn't speak at school until she was seven Video Feeling lonely? It might be your house Video The US president who can't rest in peace Portraits of the Great War: Searching for descendants News navigation US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World selected World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada selected Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Wanna Protect Your Online Privacy? Open a Tab and Make Some Noise subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours “When I found out there was an actual anarchist revolution happening in Syria, I felt, ‘I have to do that.’" bit.ly/2ozDC1b Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 2. Caption: Getty Images Slide: 2 / of 2. Caption: Caption: This is a snapshot of my browsing history a minute after installing "Internet Noise." Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Emily Dreyfuss. Emily Dreyfuss Business Date of Publication: 03.29.17. 03.29.17 Time of Publication: 7:11 pm. 7:11 pm Wanna Protect Your Online Privacy? Open a Tab and Make Some Noise Getty Images I just Googled “alarm dust,” “alibi sweatshirt,” and “sleuth intelligence.” Then I shopped for industrial dehydrators, scanned a Pinterest page for concrete decks, and read something about nuclear war. The thing is, I’m not in the market for a new dehydrator. Concrete decks aren’t really my style, and I still have no idea what “alarm dust” is. I didn’t visit any of these web sites of my own volition—a website called Internet Noise did, all to obscure my real browsing habits in a fog of fake search history. Yesterday, the House of Representatives voted to let internet service providers sell your browsing data on the open market. This decision angered a lot of people, including programmer Dan Schultz. After reading about the vote on Twitter at 1 AM, he turned off Zelda and coded this ghost currently opening tabs on my machine. Related Stories Klint Finley The Senate Prepares to Send Internet Privacy Down a Black Hole Klint Finley VPNs Won’t Save You from Congress’ Internet Privacy Giveaway Andy Greenberg A Guide to Getting Past Customs With Your Digital Privacy Intact Internet Noise acts like a browser extension but is really just a website that auto-opens tabs based on random Google searches. Schultz isn’t a hacker but a concerned do-gooder trying to get Americans to understand how much their online privacy is at risk. “I cannot function in civil society in 2017 without an internet connection, and I have to go through an ISP to do that,” he says. To counter that threat, Schultz wants to make it impossible for ISPs or anyone they’ve sold your data to accurately profile you. The vote yesterday implicitly legalized such tracking by explicitly rescinding rules against it. By muddying your online identity, advertisers can’t accurately target you, and authorities can’t accurately surveil you. To create noise that blocks your signal, Schultz googled “Top 4,000 nouns” and folded the list into his code. When you hit the “Make some noise” button on his site, it harnesses Google’s “I’m Feeling Lucky” button to search those phrases, then opens five tabs based on the results. Every ten seconds it does another search and opens up five more. Within minutes, my entire browser history was a jumble. Internet Noise will keep going until you hit the “STOP THE NOISE!” button. Schultz envisions you running this while you sleep. This is a snapshot of my browsing history a minute after running Internet Noise. This signal-jamming offers just one modest example of the larger theory of obfuscation, the idea that if you can’t disappear online at least you can hide yourself in a miasma of noise. Adnauseam.io is a plug-in currently banned by Google that works in a similar way, except instead of just opening pages and jamming your history, it actually clicks on random ads. In the process, it’s directly targeting the ad model that underpins so much of the internet, and it can be pretty effective. I am not building a deck or in the market for a manual regenerative hydrator, but now that Internet Noise search for those things ads for both will likely appear in my Facebook feed, and I’m cool with that. Internet Noise tries to throw them off my trail by creating a fake path to follow. That’s the key to successful signal-jamming: You can’t just generate random sounds. You have to generate a second song. Risks and Limitations What if it’s not an advertiser looking at your web data, though, but a spy agency or some other authority drawing conclusions about your browsing? From my test run, someone might conclude something causal between my googling of industrial equipment, chemical companies, nuclear proliferation, sleuth intelligence, and cancer. Sketchy! Schultz himself hasn’t evaluated all 4,000 search words (and the 16,000,000 results their two-word combinations can generate)1 to determine whether they might raise red flags for anyone spying on my habits. But I can take some comfort in the fact that right now, Schultz’s site isn’t that effective at truly jamming my signal. It’s actually too random. It doesn’t linger on sites very long, nor does it revisit them. In other words, it doesn’t really look human, and smart-enough tracking algorithms likely know that. “The main problem with these sorts of projects is that they rely on your being able to generate plausible activity more reliably than your adversaries,” says privacy expert Parker Higgins, formerly of the Electronic Frontier Foundation. “That’s a really hard problem.” Schultz says the main point of Internet Noise for now is to raise awareness, though the open source project has the potential to evolve into a real privacy tool. People have already reached out to fix minor problems and suggest ways to make it more effective. In the meantime, anyone truly concerned about their privacy needs to stay savvy about the technical limitations of the tools they choose, including Internet Noise. “I fear that any of these cool hacks will give people a false sense of security,” says EFF privacy researcher Gennie Gebhart, who is working with her team to create a broad toolkit of how to protect yourself from ISP tracking. “There is no one click that will protect you from all the kinds of tracking.” Not that privacy-minded programmers will stop trying. Internet Noise may be the first grassroots hack created in direct response to yesterday’s vote. But a sizable collection of similar tools offers a sobering reminder that companies were already tracking and selling your data. Geeks may not have the political clout to stop such infringements of online freedom, but they do have the advantages of speed and passion. As long as they have keyboards, internet fighters will try to drown out Washington with the roar of their code. 1Updated to include how many different search results the noun combinations could generate. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. congress data ISP privacy tracking Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Wanna Protect Your Online Privacy? Open a Tab and Make Some Noise Privacy Wanna Protect Your Online Privacy? Open a Tab and Make Some Noise Emily Dreyfuss How an Anarchist Bitcoin Coder Found Himself Fighting ISIS in Syria Security How an Anarchist Bitcoin Coder Found Himself Fighting ISIS in Syria Andy Greenberg Samsung’s Sweet Galaxy S8 Will Make You Forget All About the Note 7 Phones Samsung’s Sweet Galaxy S8 Will Make You Forget All About the Note 7 Tim Moynihan Famed Hacker Kevin Mitnick Shows You How to Go Invisible Online Security Famed Hacker Kevin Mitnick Shows You How to Go Invisible Online Kevin Mitnick VPNs Won’t Save You from Congress’ Internet Privacy Giveaway Privacy VPNs Won’t Save You from Congress’ Internet Privacy Giveaway Klint Finley A Plan to Save Blockchain Democracy From Bitcoin’s Civil War Bitcoin A Plan to Save Blockchain Democracy From Bitcoin’s Civil War Cade Metz With the First Trailer for It, Stephen King Reclaims the ’80s Movies With the First Trailer for It, Stephen King Reclaims the ’80s Brian Raftery More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business Bitcoin A Plan to Save Blockchain Democracy From Bitcoin’s Civil War Cade Metz Retail Amazon’s Time-Saving Trick for Groceries: You Drive to Us Davey Alba media Journalism Fights for Survival in the Post-Truth Era National Affairs Innovation Can Fix Government, Sure. Either That or Break It Emily Dreyfuss politics Want Congress to Protect Your Privacy? A Clever App Makes the Call for You Klint Finley Privacy Wanna Protect Your Online Privacy? Open a Tab and Make Some Noise Emily Dreyfuss We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours “When I found out there was an actual anarchist revolution happening in Syria, I felt, ‘I have to do that.’" bit.ly/2ozDC1b Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours “When I found out there was an actual anarchist revolution happening in Syria, I felt, ‘I have to do that.’" bit.ly/2ozDC1b Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung Galaxy A5 & A7: Australian Review Huawei Mate 9: Australian Review Oppo R9s: Australian Review Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews North Face Access Pack: Australian Review Building The IKEA Bike Is A Pain Worth Suffering Through Samsung Powerbot VR9300 Robot Vacuum Cleaner: Australian Review DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews Review: Like Its Star, The LEGO Batman Movie Tries Way Too Hard To Be Cool The Power Rangers Movie Doesn't Actually Want To Be A Power Rangers Movie Life Is The Next Great Leap Forward For Science Fiction Horror Female-Fronted Horror Anthology XX Finds The Dread In Domesticity  Review: Like Its Star, The LEGO Batman Movie Tries Way Too Hard To Be Cool The Power Rangers Movie Doesn't Actually Want To Be A Power Rangers Movie Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets North Korean Defector Describes The Shock Of Adjusting To A Society With Advanced Technology A Squishy Robotic Octopus Tentacle Might Not Actually Be Nightmare Fuel How I Let Disney Track My Every Move Every '90s Kid Will Want This Transforming Power Rangers Megazord LEGO Set Mobile Samsung Galaxy S8: Australian Hands On Samsung's DeX Station Converts Your Galaxy S8 Into An Android PC Samsung's New Gear 360 Shoots 4K Video And Live Streams VR Samsung's New Gear VR Finally Comes With A Motion Controller Car Tech Report: Former British PM David Cameron Encouraged London Mayor To Drop Uber Regulations Which Character Caused The Most Damage In The 'Fast And The Furious' Movies? Your Ridiculously Awesome Ferrari Wallpaper Is Here Intoxicated Man 'Showing Off' New Subaru WRX Runs It Into A House: Police  Online LastPass Exploit Shows That Last Password You Made Probably Wasn't Your Last Uber Finally Releases Long-Delayed Diversity Report US Congress Just Gave Internet Providers The Green Light To Sell Customers' Browsing History Without Consent Amazon Is Coming To Australia In 2018 Science & Health The European Space Agency Will Send Its First Mars Rover To One Of These Two Mysterious Sites Uranus Smells Like Farts Villagers Find Missing Man's Corpse In Belly Of Enormous Snake World First: Completely Paralysed Man Uses Brain Implant To Control Arm Muscles Cameras Carrying A Flying Camera Drone Results In Some Beautifully Stabilised Shots Rediscovered 1920s Home Movies Are The First To Show The White House In Colour This Nest Security Flaw Is Remarkably Stupid UK Testing Out Drone Army To Beef Up Its Already Robust Surveillance State  Computing 8 Apps That Actually Make The Most Of An Android Tablet Windows Creators Update Is Full Of Neat Tricks You'll Never Use Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Price, Specs, And Availability Intel Claims Its Magical New Memory Will Speed Your Computer Up For Cheap Gaming Watch The Halo World Championships Live (Thanks To Twitter) Supergirl Shows Up To Fight Her Jerk Cousin In Injustice 2 Sydney's Microsoft Store Is Holding Free Game Development Workshops Game Of Thrones Is Getting A Tabletop Miniatures Game... Of Thrones Entertainment The Handmaid's Tale Continues With An Audiobook 'Radio Drama' From Margaret Atwood We Saw Ten Minutes Of Alexander Payne's Surprising Sci-Fi Film Downsizing The First Footage Of Alex Garland's Annihilation Looks Absolutely Mesmerising Here's The First Look At The TV Version Of Black Lightning Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment World First: Completely Paralysed Man Uses Brain Implant To Control Arm Muscles Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Price, Specs, And Availability Samsung Galaxy S8: Australian Hands On Samsung's DeX Station Converts Your Galaxy S8 Into An Android PC 8 Apps That Actually Make The Most Of An Android Tablet David Nield Mar 30, 2017, 10:00am ⋅ Filed to:  android apps fieldguide tablets Share So you've picked up a brand new Galaxy Tab S3 or any other Android tablet and your first thought is: how am I going to make the most of this extra screen space? The general consensus is that iOS is stronger in the tablet department, but there are Android apps out there that work particularly well on a bigger screen held horizontally. There are just very few apps. Image: Darren Orf/Gizmodo Don't expect to find a nice Tweetbot equivalent for Twitter on a tablet. Nor should you anticipate all your traditional apps have a tablet layout. Android apps are still built primarily for use in portrait mode. Yet beyond video players like Netflix or Plex, or games that have been scaled up, like GTA or Super Mario Run, there are still a few solid apps that have tailored tablet experiences. Here are 8 of our favourites. Spotify (freemium) Image: Screenshot The world's most well-known music streaming service makes a decent go of updating its Android UI for tablet devices, stretching track listings and album art to make the display seem as full as possible. It's not perfect but it's getting better, and there are some nice touches like the split view for browsing playlists. We're partly including Spotify because of all the devices you can hook the app up to, including Sonos speakers — so there's the option of setting up your tablet somewhere in the house and using it as a master controller for your music. Google Play Music looks good on tablets too, but Spotify has a slight music selection edge. Excel (freemium) Image: Screenshot Spreadsheets are perfectly suited to tablets and we think Microsoft's app makes slightly better use of a bigger screen than Google's own effort (in fact all of the Microsoft Office Android apps are worth a look). You get the basics for free on screens below 25cm and a few extra goodies with an active Office 356 sub. As for the app itself, it's more powerful than you might expect for a mobile app, with support for annotations, basic chart types, column sorting and filtering, plus all the basics of formulas and cell formatting too. The ribbon interface adapts neatly to suit mobile devices and if you've got a keyboard attached it's almost like you're on a laptop. Adobe Photoshop Express (free) Image: Screenshot What else can you use that extra screen space for? Filter previews and toolbars, that's what, and Adobe Photoshop Express is only too happy to help out. It's nowhere near the desktop application in terms of features and power, obviously, but it's one of the best Android image editors for using on a bigger display. You can drop in preset filters or make manual tweaks to colours, contrast and brightness, you can correct issues like red-eye, erase unsightly photobombers, crop and straighten pictures, and much more besides. With a larger screen there's plenty of room to see both your image in detail and the full set of tools and filters that are available. Gmail (free) Image: Google Of course Google's own Gmail makes good use of a tablet format, splitting itself into two columns so you can actually keep your inbox and the currently selected conversation both in view at the same time. You can even go for a three-column view and get a look at all your labels and categories too. Plus you get all the usual Gmail goodness, including multiple account support that's much easier and more seamless than it is on the web, and different ways to customise alerts so you only get them for messages that matter. Bonus entry: Google Maps is another Google app that works well on Android tablets. Pocket (freemium) Image: Screenshot We could add any kind of e-reader or read-it-later app here, but Pocket genuinely makes decent use of the extra screen real estate on an Android tablet, with its tiled layout, fly-in menus and wide images and videos. It's now owned by Mozilla, so we'll have to see how that affects development in the future. For the time being Pocket is a very useful article archive app for your tablet, and one of the areas where tablets are worth their price is when you want to kick back on the sofa and catch up with your reading. You can cache stories for offline reading too, which may come in handy on devices without data plans. Evernote (freemium) Image: Screenshot It's fair to say Evernote has lost a bit of momentum in recent years, but judge it on its Android tablet app alone and it's still just about the best note-taking tool out there. In part that's due to the flexibility Evernote has always had — you can make your notebooks pretty much whatever you want them to be. The app actually works well in both landscape mode (for organising notes) and portrait mode (for reading through single articles) and the app's various toolbars and menus take up intelligent positions on screen. As you dig deeper into your notebooks, the layout shifts to match whatever it is you're trying to do. IMDB (free) Image: Screenshot Hats off to the developers of the IMDB's tablet app, because it's several orders better, in layout terms, than the equivalent phone app or even the original website. There's always been a ton of information available on the Internet Movie Database — from who starred in what to movie times — and the tablet app makes getting at it all very simple and intuitive. Pull up a movie page, for example, and you get a big look at the trailer with film details and the cast list down the side. As far as TV shows go, you can keep tabs on both individual episodes and the series as a whole thanks to the tablet layout, and browsing through searches looks fantastic with large, colourful thumbnails. Flipboard (free) Image: Screenshot Flipboard was made for tablets and its Android app is a joy to use, with big images, intelligent layouts, and lots of customisation options. As we mentioned in the description for Pocket, you're probably going to want to lean back and do some reading on your tablet, so you may as well do it in style. If you've never used Flipboard before, the on-boarding process is nothing to be scared of — you'll be asked to specify a few interests or favourite publications to get started, and you're then presented with a choice of current articles. You can easily tweak and personalise your Flipboard feed at any time too. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now The Galaxy S8 Is Samsung's Biggest (And Safest) Bet Yet Campbell Simpson 30 Mar 2017 2:00 AM The brand new Samsung Galaxy S8, just introduced to the world at Unpacked in New York, is Samsung's best phone ever. It's the most powerful, with an innovative screen and a design that's incredibly refined. It has Bixby, a voice agent that wants to be just as useful and integral to your phone as touch already is. It has a new motion-sensitive Gear VR headset and works with a new high-resolution Gear 360 camera. At the same time, there's no one standout feature or gimmick with the new phone from the world's largest phone maker that makes you go wow -- after travelling the rocky road paved by the Galaxy Note7, Samsung is concentrating on getting the basics right with the S8 and larger S8+. Elon Musk Is Wrong To Think He Can Save The World By Boosting Our Brains George Dvorsky 29 Mar 2017 7:00 AM Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk has announced a new venture called Neuralink, a startup which aims to develop neural interface technologies that connect our brains to computers. Musk says it's the best way to prevent an AI apocalypse, but it's on this point that he's gravely mistaken. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Netflix And Chill Around The Globe With This Unblocker Deals: Boost Your Mac's Functionality With This App Bundle Deals: Charge Your iPhone 7 And Listen to Music With These 2-In-1 Cables Deals: Learn One Of The Most In-Demand Coding Languages For Just $55 Trending Articles 1 The Galaxy S8 Is Samsung's Biggest (And Safest) Bet Yet 2 Elon Musk Is Wrong To Think He Can Save The World By Boosting Our Brains 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: Australian Pricing And Release Date A Squishy Robotic Octopus Tentacle Might Not Actually Be Nightmare Fuel The European Space Agency Will Send Its First Mars Rover To One Of These Two Mysterious Sites The Handmaid's Tale Continues With An Audiobook 'Radio Drama' From Margaret Atwood How I Let Disney Track My Every Move Some Better Cop Games Would Be Nice Fire Emblem Heroes Spring Event Comes With Bunny Costumes Dogfighting Game Feels Like A Long Lost Sega Classic The Best Part Of The Sims 4's Bowling Stuff Pack Is The Furniture Briefly: Galaxy S8 Frenzy, Real-Life Sharknado, Freaky Jupiter How McDonald's Four Mcnugget Shapes Are Made Starving Yourself Two Days A Week Is Actually Not A Bad Diet Buying These 'Smart' Thongs Would Be A Supremely Dumb Move London's 328-year old insurance market is setting up in Brussels to counter Brexit effects 10 things in tech you need to know today This big shark that washed up by a road is the only reminder you'll ever need to stay out of floodwaters in Australia The 10 most important things in the world right now © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google secretly sought arbitration against its former self-driving guru months before the Uber lawsuit Biz Carson Mar. 29, 2017, 7:12 PM 2,500 facebook linkedin twitter email print Uber CEO Travis Kalanick with Otto's Anthony Levandowski Associated Press Google had already quietly sued Uber's head of self-driving vehicles, Anthony Levandowski, months before it filed its bombshell lawsuit against the ride-hailing company, according to new court filing.  Google filed two arbitration demands on October 28 against Levandowski, months before it sued Uber in federal court. In the demands, Google alleged that Levandowski had used confidential employee salary information to poach its employees to both Uber and Otto. The arbitration is still ongoing. Uber is now using the earlier arbitration demands as evidence that its current lawsuit should be moved to arbitration because so much of Google's case against Uber is centered around the actions Levandowski allegedly took as an employee.  In February, Waymo, the self-driving company owned by Google's parent company Alphabet, sued Uber , claiming that Levandowski stole vital Lidar technology shortly before starting his own self-driving company (which Uber later acquired).  The trade secrets case is shaping up to be one of the most significant and closely-watched battles in Silicon Valley in years, pitting two of the world's most powerful companies, and former partners, against each other. Waymo did not name Levandowski in its lawsuit to specifically avoid this issue, Uber argues in its motion to compel arbitration. Yet, the ride-hailing company thinks Google's employment contract language is so broad that a lawsuit related to an employee's practices would compel arbitration.  Google's Waymo didn't immediately respond to request for comment. Uber declined to comment beyond the filing. Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: The judge in the Uber versus Google spat is looking for a good book recommendation NOW WATCH: We took a ride in Uber’s new self-driving car on the streets of San Francisco — here's what it was like Loading video... More: Uber Uber lawsuit Google Waymo self-driving cars facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google secretly sought arbitration against its former self-driving guru months before the Uber lawsuit Google secretly sought arbitration against its former self-driving guru months before the Uber lawsuit Google had already quietly sued Uber's head of... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up L'Oréal taps power of search data News, 30 March 2017 Topics Cosmetics, beauty aids Google YouTube Innovation NPD PHOENIX, AZ: L'Oréal, the beauty group, represents an instructive example of how brands can effectively leverage search data in tracking and responding to new trends, a leading executive from Google has argued. Mike Clarke, Head of Brand Measurement & Analytics at Google, discussed this subject during a session at the 2017 Digital Summit Phoenix. And he outlined the ways in which L'Oréal has worked with Google in assessing the latest facts and figures related to online search, and translated these nuggets of information into actionable insights. "They're spending a tonne of time going through query data on Google, query data on YouTube, and watching all these how-to videos to see what the latest styles are, and how they can apply that to products," Clarke said. (For more details, read WARC's exclusive report: How Google helped L'Oréal use search to drive growth.) "Their C-suite is starting to take this stuff super, super seriously," he continued. "We have people that are very busy, important people ... who are watching a ton of videos on how to do certain things with their hair." Where many brands regard search as being a way to identify leads and drive sales, L'Oréal is turning this channel into a much richer seam of inspiration – such as by finding videos made by online style influencers. "They will actually make hairstyles while working on these videos," Clarke said. "That's a really important moment for L'Oréal to intervene at. "They determined, by looking at search data and looking at how-to videos, how to really get in touch with that community." One illustration involves the rise of the ombré hairstyle, where colour gradually shifts from one hue to another. While this trend began with models and celebrities, L'Oréal tracked growing online interest and the available information on the topic. In response, it launched the first DIY home application kit under the Ombré brand. Some 50% of sales for this offering came from new customers, and most buyers were younger than the usual hair-colour consumer. "Within L'Oréal, what we did with the Ombré launch has really become a success model. It proves you can be nimble and respond to trends even if you're a consumer packaged-goods company," Julie Chamberlain, who was VP/Marketing for L'Oréal Paris Haircolor at the time, said in a Google case study. "If you use search to stay close to the consumer, listen and really understand what she's looking for, you can react to it quite quickly." Data sourced from WARC Sign up for daily news Latest News Video brand risk declined last year News Fake news, trolls point to grim future News Getting POE right grows SOE News Chatbots offer marketing opportunity News L'Oréal taps power of search data News Consumers respond to emotional content News Aussie video: more screens, more consumption Opinion Heineken's Quinn Kilbury talks social strategy, Cities & new platforms View more News and Opinion More from WARC L'Oreal’s five steps for customer-centric CX L'Oréal: Makeup Genius The future of search L'Oreal (Toiletries and cosmetics) How L'Oréal Paris Age Perfect transformed its fortunes by showing older women that they are still 'worth it' Get a demo Topics Cosmetics, beauty aids Google YouTube Innovation NPD 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message WARC has a new look Here’s what’s changed: A new navigation bar, taking you to the best WARC content quickly A better, less cluttered search experience A reworked home page, with signposts to key areas of WARC A fully responsive site, making it easier to use WARC on the go Plus a new colour palette, new branding and a fresh look and feel across the site Learn More Maybe Later × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter This navigation is new. We'd appreciate your feedback. Share your thoughts here. australia US world science US politics business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › world › australia cities development UK europe americas asia middle east africa home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Cyclone Debbie Ex-cyclone Debbie: thousands told to evacuate from Lismore – live South-east Queensland could get up to 500mm of rain by the end of today as the weather system spreads chaos into NSW. Follow all the updates live … LIVE Updated Keara, Lacey and Erich Stewart paddle in a kayak after flood waters entered their backyard in Murwillumbah, northern New South Wales. Photograph: Jason O'Brien/Getty Images Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Elle Hunt (now), Christopher Knaus and Helen Davidson (earlier) Thursday 30 March 2017 02.36 EDT First published on Wednesday 29 March 2017 19.10 EDT Key events Show 2.20am EDT 02:20 NSW updates flood watch and evacuation order for Lismore region 12.15am EDT 00:15 South-east Queensland schools to remain closed on Friday 11.48pm EDT 23:48 South-east Queensland may receive 400mm of rainfall in 24 hours 9.48pm EDT 21:48 Worst still to come for south-east Queensland 8.36pm EDT 20:36 Gold Coast airport cancels flights 7.26pm EDT 19:26 Rescues under way in north Queensland Live feed Show 2.36am EDT 02:36 From NSW SES HQ within the last half-hour. ABC News (@abcnews) .@NSWSES expects flooding to get worse during the night. Updates on evacuation order for 6,000 residents at Lismore #storm #Cyclone Debbie pic.twitter.com/8X3M6d2vZJ March 30, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.23am EDT 02:23 Joshua Robertson The communities hardest hit by Cyclone Debbie are starting to feel a little less isolated now road access has been restored via the Bruce Highway from the north and army trucks and Ergon Energy crews are out and about. But for most there remains no power, and “the worst thing” as Bowen local Lawrie Brazil puts it, no town water. Backpackers who stayed in Airlie Beach have spoken of resorting to using buckets of pool water to flush the toilet and surviving on packets of chips from the convenience store (they had cup noodles but no water to make them or washed up bowls to hold them). Worse luck, Airlie visitors on Thursday seeking beer have been turned away by local bottle shops. There is fuel, but you have to be patient – at 3.30pm the queue for the pumps at the Bowen Caltex stretched far past the forecourt. Updated at 2.33am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.20am EDT 02:20 NSW updates flood watch and evacuation order for Lismore region NSW SES is reminding residents of that northern NSW region round Lismore to get out of the area. At this point, time is of the essence. NSW SES (@NSWSES) Lismore South & North, Lismore CBD, Chinderah, Kingscliff, Fingal Head and Bilambil. You must leave NOW. Evacuation Order is in place #alert pic.twitter.com/K8UPB9HwWR March 30, 2017 The latest Major Flood bulletin for the Richmond-Wilsons River Valley from NSW SES warns of “widespread heavy rainfall to the northeast ... with very heavy localised rainfall in some areas”, bringing with it the potential for river flooding and flash floods. Moderate to major floods are possible in Richmond-Wilsons Valley; moderate flooding in Clarence Valley, including Orara; minor flooding in Coffs Coast; minor to moderate in Bellinger Valley, Nambucca Valley and Upper Macintyre Valley. Flood warnings are current for Tweed River and Brunswick River. A severe weather warning is current for the Northern Rivers and parts of the Mid North Coast, Hunter, Metropolitan, North West Slopes and Plains and Northern Tablelands Forecast Districts. Andrew McPhee, the NSW SES Richmond Tweed region controller, said people in the Northern Rivers need to be aware of the imminent weather and the potential flooding effects that it may cause later in the week. More advice and up-to-date warnings are available for NSW residents here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.07am EDT 02:07 Rising floodwaters also appear set to isolate some Gold Coast residents, as heavy rain continues to fall across the region. An emergency alert has been issued for the Tallebudgera Valley, which is expected to be cut off as roads are inundated. ABC Gold Coast (@abcgoldcoast) Emergency alert issued to #TallebudgeraValley residents https://t.co/3qc1CRfD3h pic.twitter.com/y48JiHNpDq March 30, 2017 At nearby Springbrook, in the Gold Coast hinterland, a massive 380mm had fallen by midday, with as much as 500mm predicted – more than four times the average monthly rainfall in Brisbane for all of March. RACQ (@RACQOfficial) Another example of why motorists should stay off #Queensland roads tonight. Mudslide at #Springbrook #FloodedForgetIt #BigWet @abcgoldcoast pic.twitter.com/lLcu3D7FJp March 30, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.04am EDT 02:04 More on that evacuation order for northern NSW. Wolf Cocklin (@wolfcat) wow, #bigwet is very big and very wet indeed. pic.twitter.com/7h5BbyMNWC March 30, 2017 The NSW SES advised about an hour ago that people within the South Murwillumbah, Condong and Tumbulgum areas should leave immediately, “where safe transit exists and they are able to do so. Do not delay your evacuation. Roads will be congested or closed. You could become trapped and need rescue.” Bom is forecasting major flooding along the Tweed River at Murwillumbah, with levels predicted to be similar to the 2001 and 2008 floods. Almost 400mm of rain has fallen in just 24 hours over the Tweed River valley and there have been significant river level rises. A severe weather warning has been issued for destructive winds, heavy rainfall, abnormally high tides and damaging surf along the coast north of Sydney and for the northeast of the state. The bureau warns that 24-hour totals in excess of 200mm are expected over the northern rivers district today; some locations are likely to “significantly exceed 350mm”. Updated at 2.13am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.58am EDT 01:58 Go you good thing. Adel de Meyer (@AdeldMeyer) On our stroll to look at #bigwet damage we came across a little guy looking for some dry land too. 🐍 #Brisbane pic.twitter.com/j19r1Hrgtj March 30, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.53am EDT 01:53 Daredevils jetskiing and body-boarding in flooded waterways in southeast Queensland have been warned they could divert authorities from important rescue missions. RACQ (@RACQOfficial) Another example of why motorists should stay off #Queensland roads tonight. Mudslide at #Springbrook #FloodedForgetIt #BigWet @abcgoldcoast pic.twitter.com/lLcu3D7FJp March 30, 2017 Queensland police commissioner Ian Stewart says some people are ignoring warnings to stay safe and he fears they could cause emergencies which put the lives of rescuers at risk. Footage and photos have emerged on social media and on news websites of people jetskiing and body boarding on flooded dams. “If they have an accident or come adrift and require rescuing, that’s an avoidable situation – it is about putting emergency personnel in harm’s way,” Stewart told reporters on Thursday afternoon. “They may be taking emergency personnel away from an important job.” He warned that those caught in the act by police could face penalties. Chriss Gee (@ChrissGee1) Spare a thought for police, emergency workers and essential hospital staff who continue to remain on duty providing care #bigwet Brisbane March 30, 2017 Updated at 1.56am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.49am EDT 01:49 Mark Bailey, state minister for road safety and minister for energy, has said many people in North Queensland are without power and services cannot be restored while roadways are flooded. The latest from Energex says the places where most customers affected are in Logan City (2,215), Sunshine Coast (1,824), Noosa (1,093) and the Scenic Rim Regional (1,067) areas. Updates are expected later this evening. Energex (@Energex) 1,395 customers without power in Brisbane City, Logan City area. Check website for updates https://t.co/sP1Tgnm7xV March 30, 2017 Updated at 1.51am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.40am EDT 01:40 Now that #TCDebbie has passed #BigWet is trending on Twitter. Leroy (@LeroyBlackCat) And this be in our pergola #bigwet #ExCycloneDebbie #LeroysStorm pic.twitter.com/oikw2YBaJT March 30, 2017 Leroy (@LeroyBlackCat) These some more palm trees #bigwet #ExCycloneDebbie #LeroysStorm pic.twitter.com/IFvhUSwMyA March 30, 2017 ABC Radio Brisbane (@abcbrisbane) Flooded walkways in Kedron Park, Nundah. Please only send through images and vids if it's safe to do so! Stay dry! #BigWet #exTCDebbie pic.twitter.com/mK0eoiP1oT March 30, 2017 RACQ (@RACQOfficial) Kedron Brook River in #Bne is raging! #BigWet #QldWeather #RACQ pic.twitter.com/Z4wytQGXEA March 30, 2017 A note: don’t do this. - (@AltShiftK) There's a lot of good Darwin Award nominees today. #BigWet pic.twitter.com/2nsJpZka7P March 30, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.34am EDT 01:34 Sad news. “Debbie the cyclone cockatoo”, pulled from the floodwaters, has died. Dr Chris Brown (@drchrisbrown) Such sad news from QLD that Debbie the cockatoo has died. She represented so many animals injured by the cyclone https://t.co/8BEUUCZBWc pic.twitter.com/3YkB3v9sYZ March 30, 2017 “It is with great sadness that I can confirm that Debbie, the cockatoo caught up in Queensland’s cyclone, has died,” Bondi vet Dr Chris Brown wrote on Facebook. “Named after the extreme weather system that has caused so much destruction and now flooding to eastern Australia, Debbie was found motionless in her box this morning. The volunteers from North Queensland Wildlife Care did all they could but it’s believed a combination of shock and internal injuries proved too much for her. “She had come to represent the thousands of animals displaced and injured by the cyclone. RIP Debbie.” Rick Morton (@SquigglyRick) Debbie the cyclone cockatoo died the world is a terrible place March 30, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.31am EDT 01:31 NSW Emergency Services has issued a flood evacuation warning for parts of the state’s far north coast as ex-tropical cyclone Debbie makes her way down from Queensland. Mark Morrow, the acting deputy commissioner of NSW SES, told ABC News 24 the crucial areas were Tumbulgum, Murwillumbah and Condon in the region of the Tweed River. Downstream, Chinderah, Bilambil and Fingal Head were also on the SES radar. The potential for flooding of Wilsons River at Lismore could force 6,000 people to be evacuated this evening. “Of course, we’re moving into the hours of darkness through the afternoon. We’ve got more rainfall due tonight. Time will be of the essence.” He said it was too late for people in those areas to safeguard their homes with sandbags. “Probably more work would be required than you’d be able to do to secure the property. At this late stage ... that opportunity is probably lost.” When Morrow appeared on ABC News 24, four to five people had been rescued in the last 15 minutes, reaching a total of just under 30. Latest information and bulletins are available at the SES website. Updated at 1.41am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.24am EDT 01:24 Queensland Fire & Emergency has shared this striking imagery of a bull shark that found itself too far inland in floodwaters. Qld Fire & Emergency (@QldFES) Think it's safe to go back in the water? Think again! A bull shark washed up in Ayr. Stay out of floodwater. #TCDebbie #ifitsfloodedforgetit pic.twitter.com/DpP29Va1JG March 30, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.19am EDT 01:19 Senior Bom forecaster James Taylor has seen fire and he’s seen rain, and a lot of the latter today. He just gave an update on ABC News 24. The former cyclone has met with a cold front moving through north-eastern New South Wales, which is drawing in drier air in its north-west. But in the east and south, moisture from the Coral Sea is creating heavy rainfall over the Great Dividing Range and coastal regions. Between 8am and midday in Brisbane and south-east Queensland, rainfall was in the order of 35mm to 50mm in an hour. “That happened for a few hours in a row,” said Taylor. The rain has eased for a few hours but is about to intensify again, likely clearing in south-east Queensland just after midnight and in north-east New South Wales early tomorrow morning. This will compound the issue of flooding, said Taylor, with warnings in place for a lot of rivers in south-east and far south-east of the state. “Now a lot of those catchments tend to drain relatively quickly. But it will depend a lot on the clearance of the rainfall.” The real risk of flash flooding was over the next six to eight hours. “Once the ex-tropical cyclone makes its way into the Tasman Sea in the early hours of tomorrow morning, we will see a clearance.” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.07am EDT 01:07 Swift water rescue teams have pulled over 40 people from floodwaters today, with most either stranded in cars following flash floods across Brisbane, or on the Gold and Sunshine coasts. More details have come through of the rescue of the family trapped by floodwaters in their home at Tanawah, including four children aged from 11 months to nine years old. Their father, who has a broken back, has stayed at the house because he can’t be moved, but has medication and food supplies to last a few days, a rescue worker has told the Nine Network. Katarina Carroll, the Queensland Fire and Emergency Services Commissioner, said reports of water rescues were coming in fast. “There has been close to 40 swift water rescues in the southeast, those figures are around an hour-and-a-half old so I expect they would have increased. “We haven’t received any reports of injuries and we certainly haven’t seen a spike in triple-0 calls which is very good at this stage, but we still have several hours to go before we’re out of the woods.” The rescues in southeast Queensland followed nearly 90 in the Mackay region overnight and this morning from floodwaters that left many stranded on the roofs of their homes and in their cars. About 40 people were rescued by swift water crews in the Homebush area southwest of Mackay, and moved to the West Leagues Club, including a heavily-pregnant woman. Updated at 1.27am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.57am EDT 00:57 My colleague Nick Evershed has put the former Cyclone Debbie into context, comparing the severity of the former cyclone with other weather events, like a light Melbourne drizzle to the torrential downpours caused by Cyclone Yasi in 2011. Cyclone Debbie in context: how severe was the storm in comparison with other weather events? Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 6 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Cyclone Debbie Queensland Australia Natural disasters and extreme weather Australasia Australia weather Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world selected UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia selected cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video World › Australia › Cyclone Debbie back to top australia US world science US politics business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Computerworld New Zealand Google Calendar finally comes to the iPad News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Google Calendar finally comes to the iPad Yep, it took them this long Blair Hanley Frank (IDG News Service) 30 March, 2017 06:50 - - - - print email Comments Google’s Calendar app is making a long-awaited move to a new device: Apple’s iPad. You read that right: Until Wednesday, the tech titan hadn’t optimized its marquee calendar application to run on Apple’s tablets. The app provides users with a view of the calendars that they have and that are shared with them through Google’s service. In addition, they get a handful of features Apple’s native calendar app doesn’t have, like the ability to more easily find time and space for a meeting with other people inside their organizations. Making iPad users wait for a native Calendar app is hardly a surprise coming from Google, considering that it’s the company behind Android, and frequently ships new features first to apps for devices running its mobile operating system. That’s not to say Google Calendar was completely unavailable for iPad users for the past several years. The iPhone app for Calendar could run on Apple’s tablets, but it wasn’t optimized for use on those devices. The move is a part of Google’s continuing push to make its G Suite productivity services useful to as broad a set of people as possible. Google is working aggressively to get customers to switch to its productivity suite from their current systems, which in many cases, revolve around Microsoft Office. Microsoft offers its own calendar app for the iPad in the form of Outlook for iOS, which has supported Apple's tablet since its launch in 2015. Google has more iOS-specific features planned, including a Today widget that will let users see their upcoming events in an iPad’s Notification Center, according to a blog post by Calendar product manager Sharon Stovezky. Join the Computerworld New Zealand newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Google G SuiteGoogle More about AppleGoogleMicrosoft Editor's Recommendations Genesis Energy migrates IT to Spark cloud Kordia aims for one million Sigfox IoT connections Telcos call for copper cut-off code NZTech urges action on IoT Spark promises 4.5G as 4G coverage passes 90 percent ‘Outdated’ cell broadcasting for emergency messages Related Whitepapers Detecting a Phising Email Accelerate Your Glide Path to AWS Cloud Migration PCI: It’s Not Just for Card Companies Anymore Responding to Today’s Advanced Threats Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Micron to ship Intel Optane competitor later this year Intel digs deep to keep Moore's Law alive Ignorant of cybersecurity risk, breached small businesses are concealing the cost of ... CSO Online In pictures: The 2016 Hi-Tech Awards 'The Oscars of NZ's ICT industry' IN PICTURES: Kiwi student innovators unite as Microsoft Imagine Cup 2016 hits ... UpGuard names Nextgen as NZ distie Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Reseller News []
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Another feather in Jeff Bezos’ space helmet: Blue Origin wins Collier Trophy RBC Signals raises $1.5 million in seed round for satellite data delivery service Pam Edstrom, 1946-2017: Microsoft’s first PR director was a technology communications pioneer Milking this for all it’s worth: Nintendo gamers take on real dairy farmers in ‘1-2-Switch’ contest Researchers say automation’s effects could keep bringing bad news to the Rust Belt Here’s what the new internet privacy bill could mean for consumers and the Seattle region Rover acquires DogVacay, its biggest competitor in the online dog-sitting marketplace Jeff Bezos provides a sneak peek at Blue Origin’s New Shepard spaceship (and suits) Report: Seattle mayor is suing President Trump over crackdown on sanctuary cities GeekWire Deals: Sleek, powerful noise-cancelling headphones that excel in form and function Amazon to shutter Diapers.com parent Quidsi, cites lack of profits 7 years after $545M acquisition Tweets aimed at embroiled GOP Rep. Devin Nunes draw fun replies from Seattle man who is @Nunes Q&A: Billionaire Richard Branson on Bill Gates’ tennis game, how he met Jeff Bezos, and more Take an online trip with a real-live salmon navigating the perils of Puget Sound, and pick which one will make it out to sea first GeekWire Deals: The ultimate online training to learn, code, and create on Raspberry Pi Seattle wellness tracking startup EveryMove acquired by personal health scanning company higi Limitless partners with High Fidelity to let people build interactive characters for VR world Samsung unveils Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones with redesigned screen, launch date April 21 Google adds order-ahead feature to Waze app, starting with Dunkin’ Donuts T-Mobile: Samsung Galaxy S8 will be capable of ‘gigabit class’ speeds on its network Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Samsung unveils Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones with redesigned screen, launch date April 21 Study: Parents say Pokémon Go leads to more quality time with children, among other benefits Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers This Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Amazon finally unveils grocery pickup service — but it’s only for employees at first 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Seattle tunnel machine Bertha is just days from breaking through to complete long journey Amazon exec shares secrets of company’s culture, tries unsuccessfully to keep his talk secret Pam Edstrom, 1946-2017: Microsoft’s first PR director was a technology communications pioneer Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says T-Mobile: Samsung Galaxy S8 will be capable of ‘gigabit class’ speeds on its network Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so Pop culture powerhouse Funko to open giant flagship store in new Everett headquarters building Emoji update to include 69 new images: breastfeeding woman, zombie, steak and more Reports: Amazon considers furniture, appliance and electronics stores, as Amazon Go launch is delayed Want a window seat overlooking UW’s famed cherry blossoms? Just tune into this YouTube live stream Trending: Samsung unveils Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones with redesigned screen, launch date April 21 Google adds order-ahead feature to Waze app, starting with Dunkin’ Donuts by Monica Nickelsburg on March 29, 2017 at 8:07 amMarch 29, 2017 at 8:17 am Comments   Share  26 Tweet Share  6 Reddit Email Early-bird tix on sale for the GeekWire Awards! Now Waze users can order Dunkin’ Donuts using the navigation app. (Screenshot via YouTube) Google wants America to run on Dunkin’ and Waze. Dunkin’ Donuts announced the rollout of a mobile order-ahead service in Google’s popular Waze navigation app on Wednesday, hoping to take advantage of commuters’ morning coffee routines. The Dunkin’ feature is likely the first of many order-ahead integrations for Waze as the traffic app seeks to increase revenue and leverage its big user base. Using Waze, which Google acquired in 2013, drivers can order items from Dunkin’ Donuts and pick them up along their route. Although it’s the first time the traffic navigation app has incorporated an order-ahead feature, Waze has been supporting ads for nearby businesses (including Dunkin) for years. Rather than paying for the order-ahead feature outright, Dunkin’ Donuts agreed to increase its advertising spend with Waze, according to The Chicago Tribune. The feature is only available to members of Dunkin’ Donuts loyalty program who have the latest version of the Dunkin’ app installed. The actual ordering takes place in the Waze app. Customers who use mobile ordering can skip the line when they pick up their items. Dunkin’ Donuts already offers order-ahead through its app but the Waze integration offers another option for customers. Mobile ordering was popularized by another coffee giant, Seattle-based Starbucks. The Mobile Order & Pay feature has become so popular that it’s clogging pick-up areas at Starbucks and forcing the company to consider revamping store layouts. Monica Nickelsburg handles a variety of editorial roles, including social media, site production, and the Geek Life beat. Originally from Southern California, she studied journalism and history at NYU before landing in Seattle. She loves arts, pop-culture, and her adopted city. Follow her @mnickelsburg Comments Share  26 Tweet Share  6 Reddit Email Previous StoryT-Mobile: Samsung Galaxy S8 will be capable of ‘gigabit class’ speeds on its network Next StorySamsung unveils Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones with redesigned screen, launch date April 21 Filed Under: Google  Tagged With: dunkin' donuts • Google • mobile ordering • order ahead • Waze GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Google’s Waze using data from rival INRIX for new ‘where to park’ feature Waze adds new ‘Planned Drives’ feature to iOS app, telling users when to leave Generation App: Is Waze a life-saver or public menace? Why the driving app is so polarizing Don’t forget the kid: Waze adding feature to remind drivers that someone is in the back seat Previous StoryT-Mobile: Samsung Galaxy S8 will be capable of ‘gigabit class’ speeds on its network Next StorySamsung unveils Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones with redesigned screen, launch date April 21 Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Sleek, powerful noise-cancelling headphones that excel in form and function GeekWire Deals: The ultimate online training to learn, code, and create on Raspberry Pi Most Popular on GeekWire Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. IoT Solution ArchitectResin.io Staff Software Development Engineer – Growth/SEOOfferUp Software Development Engineer – AndroidOfferUp A Word From Our Sponsors Unplug and de-stress. Plan your weekend beach getaway now! Make your beach town getaway plans now at seabrookwa.com GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Unplug and de-stress. Plan your weekend beach getaway now! Make your beach town getaway plans now at seabrookwa.com GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Samsung Galaxy S7 Problems Fixed in New Update Cory Gunther04/04/2016 The impressive and powerful Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge are two of the best smartphones on the market, but they still have their share of problems. Today though, a huge update is rolling out with loads of fixes. Starting first with T-Mobile, and owners can expect it to arrive on other carriers soon. Read on for all the details and bug fixes. After the Galaxy S7 release date millions of users started enjoying it, which lead to more and more issues being mentioned in forums and on social media. From laggy performance at times, choppy slow-motion recording on the Snapdragon model, battery life, and general stability like freezing or reboots. Read: How to Fix Bad Galaxy S7 Battery Life Our own Galaxy S7 Edge appears to perform quite excellent, but there are still countless issues being reported. Above are a few details regarding how to improve battery life, and that’s just one of many big fixes that all Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge owners can expect starting today, and in the coming weeks. The biggest complaints we’ve seen have been regarding battery life, devices freezing or becoming unresponsive, as well as a few big issues with slow motion regarding being janky and stuttering, rather than a slow and smooth video. That said, Samsung took it a step further and added tons of changes, improved multiple aspects, and quickly released the latest April security patches right from Google. Meaning the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge on T-Mobile will be performing at its best once this update arrives, and the same can be expected for owners on AT&T, Sprint, Verizon and others in the near future. Read: 10 Common Galaxy S7 Problems and How to Fix Them So what’s new and improved or what has Samsung changed? A lot. The changelog below comes from T-Mobile, and will be similar with slight changes for other carriers once those arrive later this week. Galaxy S7/S7 Edge Software Update Enhanced voice services Samsung Pay updates Various system improvements The stability of Recording video has been improved Overall device performance has been improved Battery life has been optimized The security of your device has been improved Device stability improvements, bug fixes Going over all the details it looks like Samsung’s made changed to improve S-Voice, although most owners probably use Google voice or Google Now. Samsung Pay has been improved and updated. The company and T-Mobile made significant system improvements, and the big one, stability of recording video has been improved. We can also expect overall device performance to be better across the board, battery life has been optimized, which should hopefully deliver better performance and longer lasting battery life. Then as mentioned above Samsung is already pushing out the latest April security patch for Android. Google released April patches today as well, so Samsung is on the ball when it comes to device security. Then last but not least we have the usual “device stability improvements and bug fixes”. This is something we see on every changelog, but it’s an important step during the first major software update after launch. Samsung has fined tuned all the hardware, software, camera, and overall system for an improved experience. Looking at the T-Mobile support pages these updates are both rather large. Coming in at over 200MB for the Galaxy S7, and around 150MB for the Galaxy S7 Edge. Meaning these are rather big with lots of changes and improvements across the board. Owners with a T-Mobile Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge can head into Settings > Device > scroll down to About Phone > and check for updates manually. Otherwise, an over the air update notification should appear soon for all users. T-Mobile is the only carrier to make an announcement, but with the April security patch and all these bugs being squashed, expect similar announcements from all major carriers in the coming days or weeks. If you received the update drop us a comment below with any notable changes, or improvements. 14 Official Galaxy S7 Accessories Worth Buying Galaxy S7 S-View Flip Cover   1 / 14 As expected, the popular S-View case is also available for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, and comes in multiple different colors. For the Galaxy S7 there's Black and Gold, the two colors being offered, then for the Galaxy S7 Edge it comes in Black, Gold & Silver. The S-View has been popular for years, and protects your device while letting you interact with it without ever opening the case. Basically offering full protection even while you answer calls, take pictures and more. When closed, the S-View cover offers instant access to critical features through a unique window interface, thanks to the Samsung ID chip. View the home screen to check the time, weather and other status items. Accept or reject incoming calls with just a swipe, or reject calls with a preset message. Control your music playback directly on the S-View screen. If you miss anything, notifications are shown in the recent activity menu of your S-View cover. It works even better with the new always-on display feature. Buy it Now for $49.99   1 / 14 30 Responses 04/04/2016 Sebastian Garcia Reply Still having slow motion issues after update, also, vibration seems to be much much softer even if set to maximum. 04/04/2016 Cory Gunther Reply Slow mo is still stuttery after this update?? Ugh. I’m waiting for the AT&T update, but I’ve noticed the issue too. It’s only on the Snapdragon model. I wonder if they’re throttling the CPU too much. I’m really hoping it gets fixed. Because who wants a beautiful slow motion video to be choppy. 04/04/2016 Vanessochka Reply I updated my phone now I cant swipe to unlock to enter my pin! 04/05/2016 Lisa Reply I updated and now my messages app is crashing every time I send a message to a contact I have with many years worth of message. I do not want to delete or lose any messages. 04/05/2016 billyt Reply where is the update? not received yet! 04/06/2016 Jonah bixby Reply Update makes me have to swipe the screen then draw a pattern to open. Liked my phone before the update. 04/06/2016 Haa Reply The biggest problem is the palm rejection issues. I simply have unwanted taps all the time and even can’t write properly when I’m holding the phone even with two hands and it’s really getting annoying 04/06/2016 Eman Reply My T-mobile Galaxy S7 phone seems to lag just a little now with the update installed. Movement used to be lightning fast. I would do a minimal flick of my finger and scrolling would move quickly down to the bottom of the list. Now when i do the same flick, the scrolling slows down and I have to flick my finger a few times to get to the bottom of a list. The phone feels slightly slower while opening Facebook, Instagram and Pinterest apps too. It takes a little longer to show Instagram video content on Wifi now. Before the update, I couldn’t tell if my phone was on Wifi or T-mobile’s 4G LTE data because the videos would load quickly at about the same rate. Now, I can tell when Wifi is on because the videos take slightly longer to load. My Wifi connection has not changed before or after this phone update. This is my initial findings so far. I’ve just updated a few hours ago, so there might be more differences. 04/06/2016 Minerve Reply Does anyone have a problem with the network? I keep losing signal, change to new simcard already but still losing signal especially when i turn on flight mode then turn it off i will losing the network 04/14/2016 Roman Štědronský Reply I have similar problems – when LTE is enabled, phone repeatedly loses network. It looks like everythinig is ok, but nobody can call me and I can’t call as well. I need restart mobile. 04/07/2016 AAA Reply Right from First day I facing issue of apps getting crashed most annoying is getting “Unfortunately,com.samsung.faceservice has stopped” reported to samsung solution provided is Factory Reset. I have told them it is reproducible when we go Gallery each time, I expected if I tell the root cause they may fix it with some patch in future. I think this is smart stay feature issue I hope Samsung will take up this issue and work for Fixing it Even Overheating during charging did they miss adding cooling liquid for few phones? 04/07/2016 SEAN Reply The update caused horrible connectivity issues with wifi and 4G for me. I haven’t seen any issues among other owners yet. 04/13/2016 Paul Reply Same issues for me mate. It’s been bad. Are you on 6.0.1? 04/07/2016 Cassondra Danika Reply I did the overnight system update for my s7 and its been 14 hours and still frozen on the tmobile screen..the blue light in the corner is blinking and stays on… 04/08/2016 Elise Moran Reply really Excite….!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 2512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 04/09/2016 Ian Reply Can’t send text messages. Called and got a trouble ticket. Talked to T-mobile “engineers” and they couldn’t help. Luckily I’m pretty friendly with the retailers near by and they ordered me a new one. STILL can’t send text messages. Before the update and after I’m having all kinds of issues. If anyone can help that’d be awesome. 04/11/2016 punit Manik Reply I did the overnight system update for my s7 and its been 14 hours and still frozen on the start samsung screen written as samsung and its blinking and the blue light in the corner is blinking and stays on… 04/15/2016 charles smith Reply T-MOBILE IS CRAP. NO MATTER WHERE YOU ARE. I HAD AN S7 EDGE WITH T-MOBILE IN PUERTO RICO. AND I HAD THE SAME PROBLEM WITH NETWORK LOSING SIGNAL, PROBLEMS SENDING TEXT MESSAGES. AND DROP CALLS. I HAD TO EXCHANGE MY S7 WITHIN THE FIRST 14 DAYS IN STORE EXCHANGE. AND ONCE AGAIN THE SAME PROBLEMS KICKED IN. NOW IM WITH AT&T . AND THERES NO PROBLEM MY LIFE IS BEAUTYFUL AGAIN. 04/19/2016 Patrick Cyril Kavapo Reply hi. i have a s7 edge too and just did a factory reset to it. it has rebooted ok. with a few steps into the set up and am getting this remark “Attention. 1 applications have been closed. Your device is overheating. You can only use the phone and contacts application.” And then it shuts down automatically without me completing the set up process. The phone is not overheating at all and shuts down only when it has booted up. Would anyone have a possible fix? 04/20/2016 Mario66542 Reply I had the same issue. My Recommendation is. Try to EXCHANGE YOUR SAMSUNG S7. 04/22/2016 Leigh Reply losing cgnal even if there is wifi at home…when i open my facebook it says can’t connect right now. Check your internet settings.(sigh)😔🙁 05/02/2016 Sandra Reply Omg i have had the software update message but havent done it yet im on 02 7 edge . After reading all the above comments im afraid to install it now do i really need to 05/18/2016 Michelle Reply Tmobile s7 connectivity issues are driving me crazy! Won’t stay connected to wifi or 4g. Im about to jump to an iphone 05/29/2016 Whyp Reply Still having the same issues.. #update fall 07/11/2016 Carrie Reply I’m having problems with the Internet and I can’t power my phone of nor turn the ringer down. This is really annoying me. I should of stayed with My HTC phone 07/17/2016 Lynette Davis Reply Lost calls continuously, and I was faded in and out when speaking, no matter where I was, replaced phone did fine, did update it froze, and continued dropping calls, did factory reset, worked fine, then it started again. Dropping calls no matter where I go, my voice fades in and out when speaking, phone has a mind of its own. Verizon customer 08/09/2016 Lee Reply I dont even get 4g anymore I’m lucky to get H+ wdf is that all about 09/04/2016 Audrey Reply If you have a galaxy s7 does anyone have trouble with call waiting? My call waiting isn’t working. 03/29/2017 Paul Reply Don’t like the new up date , I like the old call logs and my fav contacts ,there not there anymore , girlfriend doesn’t like her update , we both have the s7 edge , is there a way back ,can someone help. Paul 03/29/2017 matthew augello Reply garbage Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
printed March 30, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18936 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Forums Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Article Comments   Yesterday, 10:00 AM   by Rich Brome   @rbrome updated Yesterday, 11:24 AM Updated: Corrected app drawer description. The S8 is Samsung's flagship phone for 2017, and it combines absolutely every idea Samsung has ever come up with for a high-end phone, plus a couple of new ones. From the extra-tall curved display to the iris scanner, to a new voice assistant, Samsung is throwing down the gauntlet. It aims to be a sexy, no-compromise monster. How well does it deliver? We find out in our hands-on. Read on. AD       article continues below... When you pick up the Samsung Galaxy S8, two things immediately strike you. First, this is one sexy phone. Samsung has largely carried over the luscious design from last year's S7 edge, with its curved glass, curved screen, metal frame, and refined lines. What's new is that you get the sexy curved screen even on the smaller standard model. There's no "edge", just a "+", and that model is simply larger; that's the only difference. The other thing that strikes you is that screen. Like on the LG G6, it's taller than you're used to. This gives you a screen that looks huge, (and it is,) yet is narrow enough to fit comfortably in any hand. Compared to the S7, the screen on the S8 is 0.7" larger (diagonally), yet the phone is 2mm narrower. Think a phone with a 5.8-inch screen is too big for you? Think again. And staring at it, the screen feel positively expansive, in a way that photos don't fully convey. Yet the phone feels small. In fact both sizes feel quite manageable. This screen shape is the future.   colors colors sizes sizes S7 vs S8 S7 vs S8 bottom bottom iris scanner iris scanner vs iPhone 6 and Pixel vs iPhone 6 and Pixel vs iPhone 6 and Pixel vs iPhone 6 and Pixel The corners of the screen are rounded, something you'll also find on the LG G6. I'm not sure if this is practical or just trendy, but it sure is attractive. On the G6, the corner radius is a bit off; the Samsung doesn't have that problem. It looks organic and sleek. Since both the front and back glass is curved at the sides, the sides are just very thin metal strips that stick out from the solid metal frame. It's not as uncomfortable as it looks. The side buttons are thinner than I would prefer, but they work just fine. The front glass is black on all color variations, which helps with the "Infinity Display" effect of a screen that looks like it's the whole face of the phone. If the white front on the new red iPhone bothers you, Samsung has your back. The metal frame has a chrome-like high polish. The size and shape of these surfaces prevent fingerprints from being too much of an issue. I don't usually like a chrome finish, but it works surprisingly well here, adding to the phone's liquid look. There aren't any unnecessary chamfers interrupting the simple, undulating lines, all of which flow together seamlessly. The design is an instant classic. All of the curves are in perfect proportion in a way that people usually associate with Apple, and yet this phone is no iPhone clone. Quite the opposite, in fact: it's immediately recognizable as a Samsung. Everything about the phone oozes sex and quality. The Galaxy S8 looks and feels like the future. To get the screen to fill pretty much the whole front, Samsung has moved to on-screen buttons for home, back, and multi-tasking. This was probably inevitable. Also moved is the fingerprint sensor, which is now next to the camera on the back. This questionable decision means you're likely to smudge the lens (affecting photo quality) when trying to unlock the phone. Samsung says putting the sensor below the camera would have required a smaller battery or a thicker phone. Fortunately, there's also an infrared iris scanner on the front, giving you an easy alternative for biometric security. The main camera module is pretty much flat — no hump — with is nice. It's the same exact camera module as on the S7, and that's not a bad thing. The front camera has been upgraded to auto-focus, which is extremely rare, even for a flagship phone. The front camera aperture is also f/1.7, which is excellent. Your selfies should stellar. The U.S. versions will have a Snapdragon 835 processor, the latest and greatest from Qualcomm. This is paired with 4 GB of RAM, which is good, if not great. It's the first phone with Bluetooth 5.0, which should improve speed and range. There are too many other features to list them all. It has everything the S7 had, including NFC, Samsung Pay, IP68 rating for water, fast charging, wireless charging, and wireless fast charging. There's even a heart rate sensor. Of course the battery is sealed inside, but I was grateful to see a good ol' 3.5mm audio jack and memory card slot. As I mentioned, the only difference between the S8 and the S8+ is the size. Unless they're side-by-side, they're difficult to tell apart. There are actually three "size" elements that change: physical size, screen size, and battery size. The smaller S8 has a 5.8-inch screen and 3,000 mAh battery. The larger S8+ has a 6.2-inch screen and a 3,500 mAh battery. Even if you prefer larger screens, be sure to check out the smaller one in person before committing to a purchase; you may be pleasantly surprised with how large the screen is in the "smaller" model. Conversely, the S8+ feels much smaller than you'd expect for a phone with a 6.2-inch screen, so don't automatically rule it out if you normally shun larger phones. The larger battery is a very good reason to consider the S8+. In sum, the normal size rules don't apply to phones with this shape screen. You really need to check these out in person before you'll know for sure which one you'll be happiest with. The S8 and S8+ will come in Midnight Black, Arctic Silver, and Orchid Purple in the U.S.. All three are very attractive colors in person. The black is inky, inky black. The silver has a slight blue shimmer and the purple is quite fetching, yet they all look refined and professional. Some other countries will also get Maple Gold and Coral Blue. Software Interface   always-on clock always-on clock lock lock home home app drawer app drawer app menu app menu Bixby voice mode Bixby voice mode notification shade notification shade quick settings quick settings main Settings main Settings Bixby visual Bixby visual Bixby home panel Bixby home panel home screen settings home screen settings home screen settings home screen settings home screen options home screen options edge panels edge panels edge panels edge panels edge panels edge panels edge panel settings edge panel settings The software on the S8 is based on Android 7.0 "Nougat". It has Samsung's tweaks on top, and Samsung seems to be more aggressive about doing its own thing this year. If you were hoping for a more "pure" Google experience this time around, you'll be disappointed. Almost every facet has received a visual makeover. I personally find the unique icons, fonts, and colors to be quite attractive. But it's also annoying that Samsung has diverged so far from the standards that Google has established while trying to unify Android. Even the main Android controls at the bottom are completely wrong; according to Google, a "square" symbol is supposed to take you to recent apps, but here the square is the home button. To accomodate the screen's rounded corners and curved sides, much of the on-screen interface elements seem to be pushed away from the screen edges, toward the center. That makes sense, but it also means less of the screen is truly useful area. By default, the app drawer works like it does on the Google Pixel. That means there's no apps icon on the home screen; you just need to know to drag up from the dock to see all of your apps. There is a small arrow hint to educate you on this, but it seems much smaller and more subtle than on the Pixel. I worry that some people will miss it and have trouble accessing their apps at first. You can also dig into settings and enable the apps icon. As with Samsung's previous "edge" phones, there's a sliver of a tab on the side that you can swipe inward to summon a half-screen of various shortcuts. This feature doesn't feel nearly as interesting nor unique as it did on the first Note Edge. It's just a shortcut bar for accessing contacts, apps, news, and various screen-shot options. Bixby Manufacturers love to put something special on the left-most panel of the home screens. In the past, Samsung has put Flipboard there. On the S8, that's where the new Bixby personal assistant lives. This screen will show you a summary of your email and calendar, and try to make intelligent suggestions based on what it knows, such as "You usually call your wife around this time of day. Call her now?". Bixby is also a voice assistant, like Siri. There's a dedicated Bixby button on the left side of the phone. You can press it quickly to reach the Bixby screen described above, or you can press and hold the button at any time to speak directly to Bixby through the voice interface. You can issue the expected set of commands, and they're context-aware, so you can say things like "remind me to buy milk on the way home", and Bixby will figure out how to do just that. There's more. (Bixby wears a lot of hats.) Bixby is also a voice control for (almost) everything on the phone. In Bixby-enabled apps, anything you can do by touch, you can also do by voice. But it's not a siloed hands-free mode; you can switch back and forth between voice and touch at any time. Then there's Bixby Vision, which is a lot like the old Bing Vision. From either Bixby or the camera app, you can enter the Bixby Vision mode, which tries to figure out exactly what you're pointing the camera at. Point it at a menu and it will offer to translate it to another language. Point it at a book or product box (etc.) and you'll get a link to buy it online. Business card? Import it into Contacts. Landmark? Find out more about it. And of course it does QR codes. Camera app   camera camera modes modes pro mode pro mode filters filters face masks face masks face masks face masks camera settings camera settings camera settings camera settings camera settings camera settings Speaking of the camera app, the user interface there is mostly what you'd expect. You can swipe sideways for the main mode menu, or swipe the other way for filters. The mode menu has super-tiny icons and text; it should be easier to read. There's a pro (manual) mode, panorama, selective focus (blurred background), hyper-lapse, and slow motion. The pro mode supports long exposures. There is also a face-mask feature, similar to Snapchat Lenses. Everyone's copying this in their social apps now, but Samsung is the first to bake it into the phone's default camera app. Go ahead and make yourself look like a bunny. It's fun. One note about the camera app: it doesn't seem like Samsung made much effort to adapt it to the unique screen shape. This is something LG went to great pains to do with the G6. In fact, LG might have gone a tad overboard with their Square Camera concept, but Samsung doing nothing here leaves a lot of wasted screen space when taking photos. They could have added so many more on-screen controls, or a photo roll, or... something. Anything. It's a waste. DeX DeX is Samsung's attempt at Windows Continuum. Pop your S8 into a small, portable desk dock, and suddenly your phone is a full desktop computer. Well... almost. It's still running Android, not Windows. But with a full-size monitor, keyboard, and mouse. The interface is a heavily adapted version of Android with a more computer-like layout, including movable windows. It can run special enlarged versions of Microsoft Office and Adobe Photoshop Express. It has its own "desktop" web browser. Video is no problem. You can access full Windows via remote-access software if your corporate network offers that.   home home browser browser YouTube, Excel, and WhatsApp YouTube, Excel, and WhatsApp A special cooling fan built into the dock helps DeX tap into the full processing power of the Snapdragon 835 processor with no compromise. The dock's ports include power, HDMI, Ethernet, and two full-size USB ports. You can also use Bluetooth keyboards and mice. When using DeX, you're still using your phone, with your phone data and phone apps. You can message people in WhatsApp while you work on a spreadsheet and watch sports on YouTube. You can even take a phone call (by speakerphone.) DeX is a funny thing. It's ambitious, and also irrelevant to most people. Only a small number of users will find the DeX dock worthwhile; a separate laptop or tablet will make more sense for most. And yet a phone this powerful is capable of this, and some users will find it makes sense for them. So why not have the option? We look forward to testing this out some more. It's not a complete desktop experience, but it may be very useful for certain, specific scenarios. Accessories Accessories   keyboard keyboard keyboard keyboard keyboard keyboard (end caps) (end caps) The usual array of cases and accessories are available. Fuzzy cases, rubber cases, slick flip cases, leather flip cases... you name it, in every color of the rainbow. There's even a text keyboard case, for that BlackBerry experience, if that's your jam. But my favorite by far are the stick-on rubber end-caps. The main problem with the design of the Galaxy S8 is that it's all curved glass. That makes it very sexy, but also very fragile. You buy a phone like this to show it off, but it's completely impractical to carry without a case. The end caps solve this problem by attaching only to the ends — with special adhesive — providing basic drop protection for all four corners while leaving most of the sexy, curvy body visible for all to see. Assuming the adhesive holds, it's a clever solution. Thoughts If you liked the Galaxy S7 edge, you'll probably love the Galaxy S8. It's a step up in every way. This is Samsung at the top of their game, putting everything you could possibly want into one phone. And it comes in two sizes. As with most recent flagship phones, there's a lot of curved glass, and that means it's on the fragile side. This one has more curved glass than most. There's a reason Samsung is launching this alongside so many case and protection options. The taller screen shape is fantastic; it's the future. The LG G6 also has this, but that phone doesn't do VR; the Galaxy S8 does. I also appreciate that Samsung isn't turning its back on the 3.5mm audio jack and expandable memory. If you want the phone that has everything, this is it. It will probably be priced accordingly, but that's to be expected. You can pre-order it starting tomorrow; look for it in stores on April 21. X Related Samsung DeX Turns Galaxy S8 Into an Android Desktop Samsung's Galaxy S8 and S8+ Go for Broke Samsung Galaxy S8 to Include 'Bixby' Voice-Based User Interface more Samsung Galaxy S8+ news Samsung Galaxy S8+ specs & features Galaxy S8 to Cost $750, S8+ to Cost $850: Carriers Share Launch Details Samsung Galaxy S8 to Be First Gigabit LTE Phone Samsung's Bixby Is Far More than A Voice Assistant for the Galaxy S8 more Samsung Galaxy S8 news Samsung Galaxy S8 specs & features Samsung news   Samsung phones Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 2 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks Windows10CreatorsUpdate SamsungDeX GalaxyS8 FCCPrivacyData Menu Home/ Features/ Business Choice/ Business Choice Awards 2017: Smartphones Business Choice Awards 2017: Smartphones By Eric Griffith March 27, 2017 08:00am EST 10 Comments Need a handheld computer for work? Make your boss get you the smartphone brand recommended by PCMag readers. Smartphones, which have been kicking around for a decade, have gone from curiosity to compulsory for teens taking selfies, parents coordinating schedules, and those getting work done beyond email. Whether you take your personal handset to work or use your work smartphone at home, chances are there is a good amount of work happening on that small screen. We asked our readers during a recent survey to rate just how well their brand of smartphone does when it comes to completing work tasks. They rated the top brands available on the market today; those scoring the highest are spelled out below, but only one can be good enough to earn the Business Choice Award. You can be part of Business Choice! Sign up for the Readers' Choice Survey mailing list to receive invitations in the future. Looking for expert opinion? Read The Best Unlocked Phones of 2017. Smartphones for Work There are essentially three smartphone operating systems out there that anyone takes seriously (at least seriously enough to buy in any quantity high enough to make it into our survey results): Android, iOS, and Windows. Like last year, the results show that Apple's system—which is so tightly integrated with its iPhones that they're pretty much the same thing in this survey—is not up to snuff for work. The winner this year for Business Choice Smartphone is, once again, Google. Last year it was based entirely on its own line of phones under the Nexus brand; this year Google introduced two phones in the Pixel line and they've done nothing to dampen users' enthusiasm for them at work. Google again scores a 9.1 (on a 0 to 10 scale, with 10 as the best) for work satisfaction. Google phones are also tops when it comes to setup and likelihood to be recommended. If Google is lacking in any area, it's that a full one-fifth of business-case smartphone users needed to contact tech support—a higher percentage than any other in this survey. The runner up, like last year, is Microsoft's Windows phone OS. The company's desire to turn Windows into a universal OS isn't exactly burning up the charts in the everyday world, but obviously those who embrace a Windows phone for the office don't have a problem with it. Perhaps because once you've mastered Windows on a desktop, it's not hard to make that switch to the mobile world. Microsoft is neck and neck with Google on most of its scores, tying for work satisfaction and reliability (9.1 for each); Microsoft also had the lowest number of smartphones that needed repair (7 percent). It's hampered only by a lower likelihood to recommend score of 8.4, a number that ties with Motorola phones running Android, and which is behind even Apple. Microsoft also gets an expectedly dismal score when it comes to the availability of apps (5.9). Speaking of Moto and Apple, their work satisfaction scores are almost a full point behind Google/Microsoft. It's not typical to see Apple score such run-of-the-mill numbers among PCMag readers, but it's clear that when it comes to getting work done, the iPhone isn't cutting it. Apple didn't even score the best in availability of apps, a traditional stronghold due to the size of the Apple App Store. It earned a still respectable 8.9, but so did Moto. Google earned a 9.3 for app availability. Apple's work satisfaction score of 8.2 in fact puts it in the same range as Samsung and LG phones running Android. But our readers make it clear, if you're going to get an Android phone to do your work on, try to make it a Google Pixel or Pixel XL. See all of our survey results for work smartphones. WINNERS: SMARTPHONES FOR WORK Google Apple learned long ago that making your hardware and software work together makes them sing. Google has picked up on that with the Nexus and Pixel lines, and proven it can go Apple one better in the bargain: by being the best maker of handsets for businesses. Methodology We email survey invitations to PCMag.com community members, specifically subscribers to our Readers' Choice Survey mailing list. This survey was hosted by Equation Research, which also performs our data collection. This survey was in the field from February 21, 2017 through March 13, 2017. Respondents were asked to rate their smartphone using multiple questions about their overall satisfaction, as well as experiences with technical support within the past 12 months. Because the goal of the survey is to understand how the smartphones compare to one another and not how one respondent's experience compares to another's, we use the average of the rating, not the average of every respondent's rating. In all cases, the overall ratings are not based on averages of other scores in the table; they are based on answers to the question, "Overall, how satisfied are you with your smartphone for work?" Scores not represented as a percentage are on a scale of 0 to 10 where 10 is the best. Net Promoter Scores are based on the concept introduced by Fred Reichheld in his 2006 best seller, The Ultimate Question, that no other question can better define the loyalty of a company's customers than "how likely is it that you would recommend this company to a friend or colleague?" This measure of brand loyalty is calculated by taking the percent of respondents who answered 9 or 10 (promoters) and subtracting the percent who answered 0 through 6 (detractors). (For more, read PCMag's Top Consumer Recommended Companies for 2016.) If you would like to participate in PCMag's monthly Readers' Choice surveys and to be eligible for our monthly sweepstakes promotion, please sign up today. Respondents are automatically entered in a sweepstakes for each new survey. Back to top Previous : Business Choice Awards 2016: Smartphones By Eric Griffith Features Editor Twitter Email Eric narrowly averted a career in food service when he began in tech publishing at Ziff-Davis over 20 years ago. He was on the founding staff of Windows Sources, FamilyPC, and Access Internet Magazine (all defunct, and it's not his fault). He's the author of two novels, BETA TEST ("an unusually lighthearted apocalyptic tale"--Publishers' Weekly) and KALI: THE GHOSTING OF SEPULCHER BAY. He works from his home in Ithaca, NY. More » More Stories by Eric How to Download YouTube Videos Tons of footage is uploaded to YouTube every minute. What if you want to download it? Here's how. More » The Best Amazon Alexa Skills Pump up the abilities of your Amazon Echo or other Alexa-enabled device with audio-style apps. More » The Coolest Cases, Mounts, and Stands for Amazon Echo Whether you talk to Alexa via an Echo, Dot, or Tap, there is some extra hardware out there—fro... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles The Best Amazon Alexa Skills Everything Leaving Netflix in April New iPad vs. iPad Pro 9.7-Inch: Apple Tablet Showdown Two-Factor Authentication: Who Has It and How to Set It Up The Coolest Cases, Mounts, and Stands for Amazon Echo 23 Cool Tricks and Secret Gems Inside Facebook Messenger »See More //Discover... Meet the Robots Who Are Scarily Close to Being Human 22 Things You Didn't Know Your Chromecast Could Do 13 Secret Codes That Unlock Hidden Features on Your Phone »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Girl, 5, Suspended For Playing With ‘Stick Gun’ You Will Never Hear These Truths Discussed In The Mainstream → ‘Bible, not Google’ gives Israel right to land – minister Posted on March 29, 2017 by # 1 NWO Hatr RT Israel’s communications minister says the Bible is enough to prove that his country has legitimate land claims, despite what Google or Wikipedia say. The remarks were made during an event supporting West Bank settlements. “Defense is important and security is important but the most important thing is the moral claim of Israel and we are committed to living in our regional land, land that was given to us not by Google or Wikipedia but by the Bible,” Tzachi Hanegbi said at the Washington event, titled ‘Celebrate 50 years of Rejuvenation in Judea and Samaria.’  “…And this is the right, which we are going to demand our right forever and ever,” Hanegbi continued, as quoted by Arutz Sheva. The event was hosted by the Council of Jewish Communities of Judea and Samaria. Judea and Samaria is the Israeli government term for the territory generally referred to as the West Bank, but excluding East Jerusalem. The event was to mark the upcoming 50th anniversary of the Six-Day War, which broke out in 1967 between Israel and its neighbors Egypt, Syria, and Jordan. The conflict saw Israel make territorial gains in the West Bank, Gaza Strip, Golan Heights, and the Sinai Peninsula up to the Suez Canal. Israeli settlements currently exist in the West Bank, Golan Heights, and East Jerusalem, despite such construction being considered illegal by the international community. Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely encouraged more settlers to head to the West Bank during the Tuesday event in Washington. “We need to go to a million settlers in Judea and Samaria – with a US embassy in Jerusalem. We need to think of new ways of thinking that will include Judea and Samaria under Israeli sovereignty forever,” she said. She went on to say that the notion of Israel occupying the West Bank is a “myth.” “I always say that the occupation is a myth, because we never occupied other people’s land. This is Jewish land [Judea and Samaria]. This should forever be a Jewish land under Israeli law,” she said, as quoted by the Jerusalem Post. However, not everyone agrees with Hotovely. Just two days before her remarks at the event, Jewish protesters blocked the entrance of the annual pro-Israeli American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) conference in Washington, calling for an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestinian territory. The UN Security Council also disagrees with Hotovely. In December, it passed a resolution demanding an end to the construction of Israeli settlements on occupied Palestinian territories – a move which was condemned as “shameful and absurd” by the Israeli government and criticized by Donald Trump, who promised that things would be “different” in regard to the UN after he took office. As to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2016 https://www.rt.com/news/382684-bible-google-israel-land/ Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 518 ← Girl, 5, Suspended For Playing With ‘Stick Gun’ You Will Never Hear These Truths Discussed In The Mainstream → 9 Responses to ‘Bible, not Google’ gives Israel right to land – minister DL. says: March 29, 2017 at 11:54 am WRONG!!! The Bible gives Israel the right to the land IF AND ONLY IF (IFF for short) Israel obeys and worships God AND HIS SON JESUS CHRIST. Period, End of Story–and for this dude to say otherwise means: 1. His “Bible” is the Talmud, and 2. his “god” is the “Jewish Messiah” aka the Anti-Christ that will occupy the Temple in Jerusalem in the tribulation period. And another thing–the “Israel” that so thoroughly rejects Christ is NOT God’s Israel. Read Galatians 3, dude! He is a “Jew” who is one INWARDLY (believes on Christ) not outwardly (such as the anti-Christ Jews of Israel)! Reply DL. says: March 29, 2017 at 11:56 am And then you have 1 John 2:22–“He who has NOT the Son has NOT the Father, but he who has the Son has the Father also.” Reply # 1 NWO Hatr says: March 29, 2017 at 12:04 pm Had to send this one twice (2nd time as a forward to Henry/Laura). Someone didn’t like it… I rarely receive failure notices. Reply Misty says: March 29, 2017 at 3:01 pm I know sent in”Dressed Like The Joker, A Defiant Hillary Clinton Takes The Stage Calling For ‘Resistance’ Of New Administration” still have the failure notice.http://www.spamcop.net/bl.shtml?66.163.186.82; ” Sent it in again but don’t know if they got it for I didn’t see it posted. Reply # 1 NWO Hatr says: March 29, 2017 at 3:17 pm If you didn’t receive another failure notice, it went through, Misty. On very rare occasions, I’ve gotten 2 and even 3 in a row for the same article. Some things just don’t go where they’re supposed to. Not of their own volition, however, imo. Reply Misty says: March 29, 2017 at 8:28 pm First time so I didn’t understand…thanks. BMF says: March 29, 2017 at 12:04 pm Even if the Bible could be accepted as proof of anything (“belief” and “proof” are two very different animals), it does not unequivocally give any land to anyone. There was a covenant that God made with the Hebrews, which the latter broke. Also, how about that part of the Bible in which Jesus tells the Jews who were rejecting him that “you are of your father the Devil”? It’s right there in John’s Gospel: Chapter 8, especially verses 33-45. Reply # 1 NWO Hatr says: March 29, 2017 at 2:43 pm “…And this is the right, which we are going to demand our right forever and ever,” Hanegbi continued, as quoted by Arutz Sheva.” The ONLY ‘forever right’ you LYING SCUMBAG POS jEWS have is to burn in Hell with your master, SATAN. “This is Jewish land [Judea and Samaria]. This should forever be a Jewish land under Israeli law,” she said, as quoted by the Jerusalem Post.” Not according to God, you LYING Satanic SLUT!!! Reply KOYOTE( ADVOCATING THE OVERTHROW OF THE AMERICAN REGIME SINCE CLINTON '93) says: March 29, 2017 at 7:30 pm NWO HATR…….. ROK ON MAN!!!!!!!!!!!! Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments NC on Congress just killed your Internet privacy protections NC on Congress just killed your Internet privacy protections NC on Border Patrol Agents Assaulted by Increasingly Aggressive Illegal Immigrants tc on Wiley Dog…Gopher Hunter Misty on ‘Bible, not Google’ gives Israel right to land – minister Katie on Wiley Dog…Gopher Hunter Katie on Wiley Dog…Gopher Hunter charlie brown on Lavrov Calls Out NATO’s Role in Afghan Drug Trafficking Wade. on Wiley Dog…Gopher Hunter KOYOTE( ADVOCATING THE OVERTHROW OF THE AMERICAN REGIME SINCE CLINTON '93) on ‘Bible, not Google’ gives Israel right to land – minister tc on Wiley Dog…Gopher Hunter Paul on Cops Stop Woman With Stroller Full Of Guns In Back Of The Yards Paul on Wiley Dog…Gopher Hunter tc on Trump border wall funding facing delay Mark Koernke on Is There Lead in your Water? # 1 NWO Hatr on Cops Stop Woman With Stroller Full Of Guns In Back Of The Yards # 1 NWO Hatr on Take a Stand for the Truth Bill Jarett on Take a Stand for the Truth # 1 NWO Hatr on New research shows stem cells found in baby teeth could be key to good health later # 1 NWO Hatr on Congress just killed your Internet privacy protections Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Kolkata Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events Elections 2017 ALL News » City News » Kolkata News » More comfortable with Bengali Google search? You just got lucky More comfortable with Bengali Google search? You just got lucky Google search just got more user-friendly for Bengalis. Google Knowledge Graph and spell correction, two features that were available on the search engine while making queries in English, can now be availed in Bengali as well.TNN | Mar 30, 2017, 03.16 AM IST KOLKATA: Google search just got more user-friendly for Bengalis. Google Knowledge Graph and spell correction, two features that were available on the search engine while making queries in English, can now be availed in Bengali as well. "Starting Wednesday, when you search for cricket legend Sourav Ganguly in Bengali, Google Search will show you things, not strings, and you'll instantly get information that's relevant to your query such as his date of birth, his statistics as a cricketer, or links to his profile on social media in Bengali," a Google spokesperson said. The knowledge graph is a panel containing vital information on a query about landmarks, celebrities, cities, sports teams, buildings, geographical features, movies, celestial objects, works of art and much more. The feature allows users to get straight to the answer and not several of webpages to scroll through. Google Knowledge Graph is currently available in 41 languages (including two Indian languages — Hindi and Bengali — apart from English and foreign languages like Spanish, French, German, Portuguese, Japanese, Russian, and Italian), maps out how more than 1 billion things in the real world are connected and displays over 70 billion facts about them. It is tuned based on what people search for, and what Google finds out on the web, improving results over time. Google also introduced spell correction for Bengali queries in Google Search on Wednesday, making allowances for misspelling while making a search. "Search is a lot about discovery — learning something new about the world, having fun, and getting inspired. But it's all too easy for users to misspell something they were searching for, especially when in a rush or on the go. To help users get answers even when they misspell a word, Google Search will now support spell correction for Bengali queries, suggesting similar queries whenever a typo makes its way into users' search query," the spokesperson added. The twin features will make it easier for the over-200-million Bengali speakers to search for things. Bengali is the seventh most-spoken native language in the world. Apart from Bengal, Tripura, Assam's Barak Valley and Andaman and Nicobar Islands, it is the national language of Bangladesh and official language of Sierra Leone. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web No need for sacrifices with these Lent dishes. Guerrero These Unfortunate Countries Have the Lowest GDP Per Capita FindTheData — By Graphiq 16 Things About Mental Disorder You Should Know Fitdib More from The Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Mollywood's lesbian outing 46 Assam mullahs issue fatwa against singer Nahid Afrin From the Web More From The Times of India Written From Prison, These Works Of Literature Changed The..PressRoomVIP Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These..New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads 20 Jaw Dropping Celebrity Living Rooms (PHOTOS)Lonny 8 Adorable '90s Couples Who Are Still Happily MarriedLivingly The Most Addicting Shopping Site For WomenTophatter 22-year-old becomes youngest IIT teacher - Times of India Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide bjp owaisi: Asaduddin Owaisi says Muslim vote-bank is a myth ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' Shikha Singh quits 'Kumkum Bhagya' - Times of India Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular India lost Rs 12 lakh crore due to BJP's opposition to GST, says Moily How Jaitley countered Chidambaram's concerns on Aadhaar Australian cricketers are no longer friends, says Virat Kohli A Hack Calls for Digital Forensics Detectives Ad: Travelers 13 Weirdest Hotels You Can Stay in for Fun Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas Indian Navy bids adieu to TU 142M aircraft, replaces it by Boeing P-8I The Indian Navy's workhorse long-range maritime patrol aircraft TU 142M, which played a key role in operations including the IPKF mission in Sri Lanka, was de-inducted after 29 years of accident-free service. Wild elephant goes on rampage, creates panic among villagers In a shocking incident, a wild elephant entered the village in Chhattisgarh’s in Raghunathpur and created ruckus, damaging houses and other things coming in its way. From around the Web 18 Most Beautiful Cars to Buy in 2017 Carophile What She Did With An Old Cooler Is Genius HeadCramp All You Need to Know About Psoriatic Arthritis is on Yahoo.. Yahoo Affordable Home Security Systems - Top Deals Sphinxsaver.com More From The Times of India White man shouts 'go back to Lebanon' to Sikh-American girl Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Times of India Read MoreGoogle Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Kolkata Kolkata Travel Guide How to reach Kolkata Hotels in Kolkata Restaurants in Kolkata Places to visit in Kolkata Things to do in Kolkata Shopping in Kolkata Nightlife in Kolkata Weekend getaways from Kolkata Itineraries Kolkata Map Kolkata Photos Haunted Places in Kolkata Download Kolkata Travel Guide Hyderabad To Kolkata Flights Chennai To Kolkata Flights Bangalore To Kolkata Flights From our Global Partners Tolly trio says Irrfan-starrer copied from ‘Ramdhanu’, may move court Aadhaar key to online censor applications Insurance hike to spike transport cost Air hostess arrested for link with red sanders don 1More comfortable with Bengali Google search? You just got lucky 2Tolly trio says Irrfan-starrer copied from ‘Ramdhanu’, may move court 3Aadhaar key to online censor applications 4Insurance hike to spike transport cost 5Air hostess arrested for link with red sanders don Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends GST Bill  Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli BS 3 Vehicles  Tata Tigor Samsung Galaxy S8 Ravindra Gaikwad Sensex today GST Bill Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Samsung S8 India vs Australia Virat Kohli Yogi Adityanath Breaking News GST Bill Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics Shiv Sena MP Samsung Galaxy S8 Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli GST Bill PM Modi Sunny Leone Sunny Leone Hot Pics Sunny Leone Photos Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Man killed in Fremont after car flips off Dumbarton Bridge Priscilla Chan touts Teach for America at fundraiser California officials to unveil huge transportation deal, new fees U.S. judge questions government on narrowing travel ban block News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Trump University lawsuits face final hurdle to settlement 'Dreamer' reunites with family, says he's hopeful for future Poles faces post-Brexit Europe with confusion and fear Severe storms expected in Mississippi Valley, Dixie Alley Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Warriors send statement with comeback win over Spurs A’s leave Arizona with good mind-set, camaraderie Wyking Jones generating excitement as Cal’s head basketball Ex-model McPhee is now a model shooter for Stanford Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs App store sales for Android to overtake Apple’s iOS, report Bill to let bars serve alcohol until 4 a.m. advances PG&E agrees to $86.5m penalty in San Bruno fallout; bills to drop Top General Says Human Rights Shouldn't Hold Up U.S. Arms Sales A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘Memories’ of ska captured in Southern Exposure piece The latest from Dear Abby After strong beginning, ‘Boss Baby’ needs a time out Greene revisits past while looking to the future Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog The Giants expand food options at AT&T Park Two Sisters Bar to close in Hayes Valley A 'Tech, Bar and Lounge' to open on first floor of low-income Yelp's list of most popular San Francisco restaurants by Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Cat disappears in NorCal, turns up in Canada 4 years later New fragrance makes you smell like a kitten Fake or real? Commonly held 'facts' debunked Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips 2-wheeled quest to spot elusive kiwi goes south Defunct British phone boxes answering a new call Suite Spot: Swingin’ at the Riviera Palm Springs The Barn transforms riverfront in West Sacramento Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Zillow predicts 2017 price decreases in these SF neighborhoods Glass elevator adds flair to $7.3-million Victorian overhaul on Walk-through: New infrastructure, amenities await at expanded Edwardian near Lake Street with top-to-bottom designer finishes Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Latest Impreza debuts Subaru’s Global Platform Architecture Chevy Caprice is a tribute to family history Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Finding a good mentor is one of the best career strategies Should you take a counteroffer? Small talk has a big impact on your career Find a new job faster by changing your attitude Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Pinterest-seeks-new-ad-revenue-sources-ahead-of-11037263.php Pinterest seeks new ad revenue sources ahead of possible IPO By Sarah Frier Published 2:47 pm, Wednesday, March 29, 2017 Pinterest has started pursing a segment of advertisers that may one day contribute a quarter of its revenue: small and medium-size businesses. The company unveiled a program Wednesday called Pinterest Propel, which provides services for new advertisers unfamiliar with the way its site works. By committing to spend up to $100 a day on Pinterest ads, companies get extra support and education, and Pinterest will design some of their ads for them. The startup is also offering it to marketing agencies, which get custom tips from Pinterest ad specialists for up to three clients. Pinterest is recruiting smaller advertisers in part because people come to the company’s site to get inspired by unique ideas. On Pinterest, people post and search for pictures they can use to plan vacations, weddings, home furnishing and cooking, for example — and the ads look similar to posts from any other user. Bespoke furniture-makers and clothing designers tend to be smaller companies and are willing to spend to grow, said Pinterest President Tim Kendall. Small firms are a huge source of ad revenue for digital giants Google and Facebook. Google is especially popular with smaller businesses that buy lots of online search ads, helping the company generate almost $80 billion in ad revenue last year. Pinterest is an emerging rival to Google’s search business because the startup knows a lot about what people are looking to buy online — valuable information that advertisers usually go to Google to access. TOP BUSINESS VIDEOS: Story continues below | Breaking news first: Sign in for newsletters “This is a huge part of the advertising market and so what it sets us up to do is capture more growth,” Kendall said. A year ago, Pinterest opened up a self-serve advertising program and saw a diverse set of businesses pay for promotions. The company has already used its Propel program with advertisers, including Ghirardelli Chocolate and Too Faced Cosmetics, and found that it made their ads less expensive and more effective, Kendall said. The company is diversifying its advertising business ahead of a potential initial public offering. Pinterest is expecting more than $500 million in revenue this year, according to a person familiar with the matter. While Pinterest declined to comment on its revenue goal, Kendall said he expects Propel to contribute as much as 25 percent of sales in the next few years. “When you focus on growing your business and going after more share of different segments, things like IPOs naturally follow, when you show really strong growth,” Kendall said, while noting that there are no official IPO plans. “We’re very pleased with revenue growth to date and I think this is going to be a big contributor.” Sarah Frier is a Bloomberg writer. Email: sfrier1@bloomberg.net Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Rumors confirmed: Mission Thrift Town closed today Woman, 76, knocked unconscious in North Beach hit-run Man killed in Fremont after car flips off Dumbarton Wearing T-shirt and plastic bag, man arrested at school Woman killed, 2 men wounded in SF shooting Berkeley calls for Trump's impeachment 13 dead in crash involving Texas church group Homeowners in sinking, tilting SF tower file $200M suit Warriors stun Spurs in huge comeback win on the road Durant looks ‘good’ in one-on-one against asst. Willie Green Durant’s rehab on target; will be re-evaluated in 7-10 days 49ers' Shanahan explains why he didn’t want Kaepernick Bitter fan to his Raiders gear: Just burn, baby Five popular TV shows are ending forever this week Netflix drama shot in Marin works despite gimmickry The quest for design utopia at SF's Pier 70 Last of the old Bay Bridge east span comes down TODAY'S TOP PICKS Yelp surprises: Most popular SF restaurants by neighborhood Red Bull heir parties on, 4 years after hit-and-run killed cop Face-tattooed gang member sentenced in beating of girlfriend Most Popular 1 Kyle Shanahan on why he didn’t want Colin Kaepernick 2 Is Trump’s epic downfall coming soon? Watch your phone 3 Woman killed, 2 men wounded in midmorning SF shooting 4 Berkeley calls for Trump impeachment 5 Yelp's list of most popular San Francisco restaurants by... 6 Boy dragged out to sea at Monastery Beach dies 7 Man killed in Fremont after car flips off Dumbarton Bridge 8 Warriors send statement with comeback win over Spurs 9 Rumors confirmed: 45-year-old Mission Thrift Town closed today 10 $200 million suit filed by homeowners in sinking, tilting tower THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Don't Miss: How to fix 5 Windows 10 headaches UNIX: Computers and art meet face-to-face Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. What it takes to become an IT security engineer What you need to know about Windows 10, UWP and desktop apps How to deal with backdoors inserted or left by vendors Hottest jobs, cities and industries for IT pay in 2017 More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Apple iOS News Google Calendar finally comes to the iPad Yep, it took them this long Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Blair Hanley Frank U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Mar 29, 2017 1:25 PM PT Credit: Google More like this Here’s how Microsoft has rethought its approach to email Smackdown: Office 365 vs. G Suite collaboration Zix wins 5-vendor email encryption shootout Video Mingis on Tech: Self-driving cars, wireless charging -- and Wi-Fi lightbulbs? Google’s Calendar app is making a long-awaited move to a new device: Apple’s iPad. You read that right: Until Wednesday, the tech titan hadn’t optimized its marquee calendar application to run on Apple’s tablets. The app provides users with a view of their calendars that are shared with them through Google’s service. In addition, they get a handful of features Apple’s native calendar app doesn’t have, like the ability to more easily find time and space for a meeting with other people inside their organizations. Making iPad users wait for a native Calendar app is hardly a surprise coming from Google, considering that it’s the company behind Android, and frequently ships new features first to apps for devices running its mobile operating system. That’s not to say Google Calendar was completely unavailable for iPad users for the past several years. The iPhone app for Calendar could run on Apple’s tablets, but it wasn’t optimized for use on those devices. The move is a part of Google’s continuing push to make its G Suite productivity services useful to as broad a set of people as possible. Google is working aggressively to get customers to switch to its productivity suite from their current systems, which in many cases, revolve around Microsoft Office. Microsoft offers its own calendar app for the iPad in the form of Outlook for iOS, which has supported Apple's tablet since its launch in 2015. Google has more iOS-specific features planned, including a Today widget that will let users see their upcoming events in an iPad’s Notification Center, according to a blog post by Calendar product manager Sharon Stovezky. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Apple iOS Enterprise Applications Google Google G Suite Blair Hanley Frank is primarily focused on the public cloud, productivity and operating systems businesses for the IDG News Service. Follow 4 high-growth tech fields with top pay You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Why you should start using Google Keep right away Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go FCC reverses net neutrality ISP transparency rules The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has voted to roll back some net neutrality regulations that... Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Puppet How to develop mature DevOps practices Popular Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored Five Advantages of Cloud-Based SIEM for Security Intelligence and Operations Video/Webcast Sponsored Five Steps to Drive Digital Transformation with Hybrid Cloud White Paper Make your Enterprise Network a Top Priority for Hybrid IT eBook Sponsored Modernize Your IT Approach and Increase M&A Success White Paper Top 10 Tips for Educating Employees about Cybersecurity Go Top Stories China Oceanwide completes its purchase of IDG The sale of tech publishing pioneer International Data Group to China Oceanwide Holdings Group and... Opinion: Insecure security cameras sound like a joke, but aren’t They’re an example of big tech companies’ failure to take security seriously. Samsung may retake momentum with the S8 smartphone Samsung has a lot riding on its next smartphone, the Galaxy S8, which debuts on Wednesday at an event... IT Salary Survey 2017: Tech salaries hold tight (for now) Our survey of 2,700 tech pros shows steady pay increases. But with predictions for IT spending and... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. It’s hard to be great when your computer isn’t Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 March 2017 by Military News Supermarkets in the Consumer’s Eye: SEMrush and Brandwatch Analyze Google Search Queries and Social Media Mentions Related to German Supermarkets /EINPresswire.com/ — BERLIN, GERMANY–(Marketwired – Mar 29, 2017) – The rise of the internet has revolutionized the world of shopping. Many consumers have taken their shopping sprees online, and of those visiting physical stores, many more use the web to research products in advance. But how does grocery shopping fit into this trend? What kinds of information are consumers interested in? How do supermarkets present themselves online, what types of content do they post and how does the community react? To provide reliable answers, two highly qualified players joined forces and analyzed the online activity surrounding German supermarket chains in an in-depth study. SEMrush opened its all-in-one digital marketing toolkit to measure and evaluate Google search volumes related to supermarkets, Brandwatch employed its proven Social Listening skills to crawl several social networks for relevant mentions. The joint venture combines search data from google.de with social data and provides an instructive close-up view of consumers’ search behavior and online conversation related to Germany’s biggest grocery chains. An infographic depicting the main findings is available for download. The study took a close look at eleven German supermarket and discount store chains mainly offering groceries: Aldi, Edeka, Kaufland, Lidl, Marktkauf, Netto, Norma, Penny, Real, Rewe and Tegut. To analyze search demand, the top 100 Google search queries related to each of the chains were evaluated. Social Media mentions were measured by crawling Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, diverse news sites, blogs, boards, review sites as well as video and photo platforms for relevant German-language conversations. The study was conducted from November 22, 2016 through January 5, 2017. „Data silos have to be opened up to enable better business decisions. Holistic insights are best acquired by combining diverse data sources for analysis. Working with SEMrush was therefore a great pleasure to us. By combining search and social data, we were able to produce some intriguing insights into consumers’ attitudes towards supermarkets on the internet.” – Susanne Ullrich, Marketing Director DACH/FR Brandwatch. „Brands in all industries are increasing their online presence and their budgets are being transferred more and more from offline to online marketing. We joined our efforts with Brandwatch to analyse the search intent and consumer demand related to the most popular supermarkets and discounts in Germany. Over 1,000,000 search queries related to online shopping are performed in Google DE monthly, which proves that the demand is enormous. Together with Brandwatch we examined eleven German supermarkets and discounters, and our results prove that even small supermarket should consider going online and advertise. Especially now when mobile search is winning over the desktop and the results on mobile are often local-based.” – Olga Andrienko, Head of Global Marketing SEMrush. Special Offers Attract Most Search Demand What kinds of information are internet users looking for in relation to supermarkets? What are their search intentions? Almost 40 percent of search queries are conducted by users looking for special offers, leaflets, and products offered by the stores. The second largest share are search queries for information on the chain’s branches, for example to find the nearest one to a certain location or to check opening hours. 11 percent are navigational queries. In these cases, users enter the supermarket’s name or domain into the Google search box, indicating they have a specific site to visit in mind and use Google for convenience. A further 11 percent of queries are related to special services offered by the grocery chains. Among these are, for instance, cell phone contracts and travel services, Edeka’s knowledge portal and Rewe’s vacation packages. Kitchen Appliances in High Demand Aside from special offers, opening hours and services, internet users also regularly search for specific products. An in-depth analysis conducted by SEMrush showed that the type of product most often searched for in relation to the supermarkets are kitchen appliances. Making a distinction between supermarket chains with and without an online shop yielded interesting differences. For supermarkets running an online shop, most search queries are conducted by users looking for kitchen appliances, followed by TV sets and mattresses. The largest share of search queries related to supermarkets not running an online shop also came from users looking to upgrade their kitchens. However, the most popular search term by far was „Thermomix”. This is the name of a specific kitchen appliance by the company Vorwerk. These queries reflect users with an interest in purchasing a Thermomix looking for the cheapest price. The second most popular product queries directed at supermarkets without online shops is tablets, followed by ice cream, the highest ranking genuine grocery product, in the third place. Lidl is Talked About Most On the Social Web, most conversations revolve around the discount store chain Lidl, followed by Rewe and Aldi. This includes mentions on social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram as well as blogs, boards, and news sites. On Twitter, men are discussing supermarkets far more often than women, accounting for almost 70 percent of tweets. Men and women also preferred different supermarkets to talk about. Men tweeted most about Real, Marktkauf, and Lidl, women’s tweets most often referred to Tegut, Kaufland, and Netto. Our analysis of the supermarkets’ own Social Media profiles showed that they most often post content related to raffles and recipes. Raffles generate most user engagement. While recipes are less often commented on or shared, there is high interest for posts containing information on special offers and sales. Methodology: The study evaluated Google search queries and Social Media mentions related to following 11 companies: Aldi, Edeka, Kaufland, Lidl, Marktkauf, Netto, Norma, Penny, Real, Rewe and Tegut. The study was conducted from November 22, 2016 through January 5, 2017. To measure demand for supermarket and discount grocery store chains in Google search, SEMrush evaluated the top 100 search queries for each chain. These are search queries that contain the chain’s brand name in combination with other search terms. We excluded search queries containing the brand name only. Otherwise, these would have dominated the statistics while not allowing for a meaningful interpretation of search intention. The search volumes referred to in this study are monthly averages calculated by year. The Social Media analysis was conducted through text-based search queries using the social intelligence platform Brandwatch Analytics. Only publicly accessible German-language mentions of the supermarkets on social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, news sites, blogs, boards, review sites and video as well as photo platforms were included. In addition to tracking the relevant brand names through Social Media Monitoring, Brandwatch Channels was used to evaluate Social Analytics statistics of the companies’ Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram accounts where these existed. Kaufland’s current Instagram account did not exist at the beginning of the study period and is therefore not included (The account was set up on December 1.) About SEMrush: SEMrush is one of the world’s leading competitive intelligence suites and an all-in-one platform for digital marketing professionals that provides data and analysis on websites’ SEO, paid search, social media and link-building activities worldwide. On top of being a powerful competitive analysis toolkit, SEMrush offers necessary features to help companies optimize their own online presence such as site audit, brand monitoring and content tools. Twitter/Facebook: @SEMrushDE | Blog: de.semrush.com/blog  | Request demo: de.semrush.com/request-demo/ About Brandwatch: Brandwatch is the world’s leading social intelligence company. The company’s flagship products, Brandwatch Analytics and the Vizia platform, fuel smarter decision making around the world. The Brandwatch Analytics platform gathers millions of online conversations every day and provides users with the tools to analyze them, empowering the world’s most admired brands and agencies to make insightful, data-driven business decisions. The Vizia platform distributes visually-engaging insights to the physical places where the action happens. The Brandwatch platform is used by over 1,200 brands and agencies, including Unilever, Whirlpool, British Airways, Asos, Walmart and Dell. Brandwatch continues on its impressive business trajectory, recently named a global leader in enterprise social listening platforms by the latest reports from several independent research firms. Increasing its worldwide presence, the company has offices around the world including Brighton, New York, San Francisco, Berlin, Stuttgart, Paris and Singapore. Brandwatch. Now you know. Twitter: @BrandwatchDE | Blog: Brandwatch Blog | Request demo:brandwatch.de/demo CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, Business, Companies, company, Industry, intelligence, Internet, post, Travel, TV, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Tackle Spring Cleaning Room-by-Room Like a Pro Next PostNext Oakbay comments on the real reasons for finance minister’s court action Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES iPad Diaries: Working with Zip Archives iPad Diaries: Optimizing Apple Notes TouchRetouch Review: Object Removal Made Easy This week's sponsor Shapego Beautiful Word Clouds for iPad and iPhone Google Calendar Arrives on iPad By Ryan Christoffel Google today released an update to its Google Calendar iOS app that brings full iPad support. The app has been optimized for all iPad sizes, including the 12.9" iPad Pro, and it launches with Split View support. The app is very simple, but attractive. Beautiful illustrations line the background of the calendar, with a different illustration for each month of the year. Hitting the red plus button to add a calendar event provides the option of creating a Goal or Reminder rather than a traditional event. The navigation menu includes a settings button, several different calendar view options, a search function, and a list of all available calendars that you can turn on or off. That's it. There's not much to explore, but then again, maybe that's okay for a calendar app. On its blog Google states that more improvements to the app will be coming soon, specifically mentioning an upcoming widget that will enable quick viewing of future events. Tags: calendar, google calendar Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. Ryan Christoffel Ryan is a regular contributor to MacStories. He most commonly works and plays on his iPad Pro and bears no regrets about moving on from the Mac. He and his wife live in Texas, where he works for his church. Twitter: @iryantldr | Email: ryan@macstories.net ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.6
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Science  • Technology •  Computer Industry Internet Automotive One News Page > Technology > Google Calendar finally has a proper iPad app Google Calendar finally has a proper iPad app Wednesday, 29 March 2017 (14 hours ago) Google Calendar’s iPhone app is not the most innovative calendar app on the iPhone by any stretch of the imagination. It’s simple, straightforward, and relatively easy to use. But for people who use GSuite or advanced features in Google Calendar like booking rooms or “find a time,” it’s often the best option. Until they switch to their iPad, that is, and they’re faced with a garish, blown-up phone version of the app. That changes today, as Google is finally rolling out an iPad-native version of Google Calendar. From what little we can glean from the screenshot above and Google’s blog post, it looks like a shot-for-shot remake of the iPhone version, just utilizing the larger screen real estate better. Literally as an addendum, Google is... » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Wochit Tech - 1 week ago< > Embed Google’s Duo Video Chat App Adds Voice-Only Calls 00:39 Duo, Google's answer to Apple's FaceTime, is getting a new, handy feature that takes the "video" out of "video calling." Audio calls are coming to Duo, allowing users to stay in touch without having to rely on their phone's camera. By cutting Duo's dependency on video, callers can now use the app in... Recent related news Circle this date: Google Calendar app is finally optimized for iPadGoogle has released a new version of Google Calendar optimized for the iPad. It's the Google Calendar you know and love -- there aren't many new features to... Digital Trends 11 hours ago - Technology Google Calendar finally comes to the iPadGoogle’s Calendar app is making a long-awaited move to a new device: Apple’s iPad. You read that right: Until Wednesday, the tech titan hadn’t optimized... PC World 11 hours ago - Technology Google's official calendar app is finally ready for your iPadGoogle Calendar for iOS can be exceptionally useful if you're tired of Apple's stock scheduler, but there has always been one inescapable catch: it's only... TUAW 14 hours ago - Technology Google Play Store will top Apple’s App Store in revenue with $41 billion this year: AppAnnieUsers of Google’s Android operating system will spend $41 billion in total on apps and subscriptions in 2017, topping $40 billion for Apple, a new report has... BGR India 1 hour ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •Softpedia •The Next Web •AppleInsider This pretty e-paper smart calendar is everything I want in a gadgetA designer named Kosho Tsuboi has conceived a beautiful gadget idea. His product, the Magic Calendar, is an e-paper calendar that syncs with a smartphone to... The Verge 1 week ago - Technology Google Calendar Arrives on iPadThe new iPad version boasts "all the Calendar features you know and love," plus the ability to search your Calendar from you tablet's home screen. PCMag.com 12 hours ago - Computer Industry Google is Reportedly Killing Hangouts Text Messaging FeatureGoogle has been making some major changes to its messaging applications, constantly updating Allo with new features, transforming Android Messages and shifting... Softpedia 6 days ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •TUAW •AppleInsider Google Duo now lets you make audio-only callsGoogle’s video calling app, Duo, launched amid huge fanfare in August last year, only to fizzle out in the coming months. The video calling app aimed to... BGR India 1 week ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •TUAW •Softpedia You Might Like Other recent news in Technology Android 7.0 Nougat Update for SAMSUNG Galaxy S6, S6 Edge and S6 Edge+ Users in Canada (Telus), Europe, Turkey and India Everything You Need to Know About the SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 Samsung GALAXY S8 preorders are now live The Galaxy S8 arrives as Samsung's hold on the smartphone market is slipping The ‘new’ Samsung GEAR VR headset and controller will sell for $129 and ship in April SAMSUNG UNVEILS new S8 smartphones in bid to recover from Note 7 debacle SAMSUNG GEAR 360 (2017) camera with 4K video capability launched: Here’s everything you need to know Microsoft Confirms WINDOWS 10 Creators Update Launch Date The latest Windows 10 update hones Edge, but doesn’t deliver for CREATORS Collabora's Devs Make ANDROID's HWC API Work in Mainline Linux Graphics Stack Twitter Internet market news Google Calendar finally has a proper iPad app - The Verge https://t.co/oYExITentv 54 minutes ago Artarius Media Google Calendar Finally Has A Proper Ipad App | https://t.co/H2eVnMoPpL | #LoganEasterEggs https://t.co/Xtti5rXJf6 1 hour ago Yo Mamma jokes RT @verge: Google Calendar finally has a proper iPad app https://t.co/tQmg5SVQXR https://t.co/fMUBbMMVC5 2 hours ago Tech Nomad RT @verge: Google Calendar finally has a proper iPad app https://t.co/tQmg5SVQXR https://t.co/fMUBbMMVC5 2 hours ago Weston-super-Mare Google Calendar finally has a proper iPad app https://t.co/sp8YNH4mue 2 hours ago Nick RT @verge: Google Calendar finally has a proper iPad app https://t.co/tQmg5SVQXR https://t.co/fMUBbMMVC5 3 hours ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump Melania Trump Ivanka Trump Barack Obama Mike Pence Current Topics Federal Judge South Korean Texas Church Bus Senate Intelligence Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Brexit Begins - Theresa May Launches Article 50 Would You Pay To Tweet? Social Media Giant Considering Paid Memberships The Force Is Strong With This Pop Star MOVIE REVIEW: Power Rangers Has Super Mario Run Out Of Steam? Are We Alone In The Universe? Let's Ask an Astronaut MOVIE REVIEW: CHiPS Google Devices Set To Tackle Battery Life Head-On - But Will It Work? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Opinion Editorials Keep our high tech grads in Canada: Editorial A new institute to train scientists in new frontiers in artificial intelligence is a key to Canada’s economic future. But we have to retain the scientists we train. Ed Clark, chair of the new Vector Institute, wants to keep high tech graduates in Canada by creating opportunities for them to work in artificial intelligence fields.  (Marta Iwanek / The Canadian Press)   Wed., March 29, 2017 In Woody Allen’s 1973 comedy, Sleeper, the hero is cryogenically frozen and brought back 200 years in the future — where he’s promptly spirited away in a self-driving car. That futuristic vehicle, which seemed the stuff of fantasy when the movie came out, is now on the verge of becoming reality at companies such as General Motors, Google and Tesla, thanks to leaps in the field of artificial intelligence, or AI. Indeed, rather than killing jobs (as dystopian science fiction predicted) AI is proving to be the key to opening up whole new frontiers and sources of employment. Just last year, for example, GM announced 700 new high-tech engineering jobs in Ontario, dedicating largely to researching software and driverless cars. That’s just one example of why it’s so important that Canada not just train high tech talent, but retain it. Innovation, economic growth and future competitiveness depend on it. Article Continued Below So it’s good to see the federal and Ontario governments — as well as companies like Google, Air Canada, Loblaws and the Big Five banks — investing $150 million in a new institute devoted to artificial intelligence. The Vector Institute, affiliated with the University of Toronto, will research new frontiers in AI and figure out how it can be used to make companies more competitive. Most importantly, it is designed to retain, repatriate and attract AI talent to “feed” that expertise into existing Canadian companies and startups. Happily, on that last front, Vector is already attracting interest from researchers in the United States. In fact, Geoffrey Hinton, a former U of T professor, is one. He is dividing his time between a job at Google in California and his position as Vector’s chief scientific adviser and says he’s already fielding inquiries from others interested in moving back. There are great opportunities in this approach. Ed Clark, chair of the Vector Institute board, says “we want those firms to grow to be a great worldwide supplier of AI capability, so that we turn this into a service export to the world, and not have a situation where all Canada does is produce PhDs and send them south.” He adds: “We want Toronto, Ontario, to be one of the core intellectual centres of artificial intelligence research in the world.” In fact, Canadian universities are already major incubators of the high tech talent that will create the next innovations. But keeping them in Canada is a challenge. University of Waterloo engineering and math graduates, for example, are heavily recruited for jobs in Silicon Valley. Part of the attraction is higher wages and better benefits, something Canadian companies may find hard to match. But part of it is job opportunities. Vector can be a step towards providing that. That will be a key to future prosperity. Says Yoshua Bengio, who heads the Montreal Institute for Learning Algorithms: “AI is going to bring a lot of wealth, but if it’s made elsewhere we aren’t going to get a reasonable share of that wealth, even if we contributed to the original science.” Right now the administration of Donald Trump has handed Canada an advantage in retaining and attracting AI engineers, mathematicians and scientists. For one thing, he is slashing budgets for scientific research, which is apparently driving some scientists to look here for opportunities. At the same time, his immigration policies have already benefited Vector. Two researchers on Hinton’s new Toronto-based team are Iranian, one of the countries targeted in Trump’s immigration ban. Finally, Trump isn’t focused on high tech innovation but on “making America great again” by bringing back rust belt jobs. Indeed, his big job announcement this week was about ending the “war on coal” and bringing back miners’ jobs. No mention of creating new jobs in areas like green energy. Far better to be looking ahead and betting on areas of future growth, including AI. Creation of the Vector Institute is a promising step in that direction. Read more about: Donald Trump Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 5°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs How to eat: Don’t skip the banana with a Somali meal Somali food brings together traditions from across the world. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Academy Awards Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 30, 2:41 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google Updates Calendar App With Optimization For iPad By Corazon Victorino On 03/29/17 AT 5:18 PM Close It’s better late than never for Google to introduce its Calendar app for iPad two years after the Google Calendar for iOS app was launched. Technically speaking, these two are the same, the only difference is how the new version of the app takes advantage of the larger display of Apple’s tablets.  On Wednesday, Google officially released version 2.0.0 of Google Calendar on iTunes and the iOS and Mac App Store. While the update does not bring a lot of changes or introduce new features to users, its release note states it is optimized for the iPad. What this means is the Calendar app now makes use of the large screen estate of the iPads — something that the original version of the app just couldn’t do.  Previously, the Google Calendar app for iOS wasn’t natively compatible with the iPad, so it didn’t feel right when consumers used the app on the iOS tablet and not on the iPhone. The most obvious downside was the fact that the app did not eat up the entire screen of Apple’s tablets, which was irritating to people who are very particular with how apps should be rendered on the display of a device.  Now that the Calendar app has been optimized for the iPad, users can now expect the app to span the entire screen of the tablet and for its features to function smoothly with the larger iOS device. The 148 MB update is compatible with iPhones sand iPads running iOS 9.0 or later.  According to Engadget, Google is already working on tablet-oriented features to enhance the overall user experience of the Calendar app on the iPad. One feature in particular that the Mountain View giant is currently developing is the Today View widget. This widget will reportedly show users their upcoming schedule on the notification center as well as the lock screen to ensure that users won’t miss any of their important engagement for the day. Other features that are in the pipeline are likely to be unveiled in the months to come.  Apple’s iPad is now fully supported by the Google Calendar app. Photo: Reuters/Stephen Lam Related Stories Apple Hiring Reserchers For Swiss Labs, Possibly For Project Titan Police Arrest Man Believed To Be Linked to Attempted Apple Extortion Over Stolen iCloud Accounts Why Is Apple Rejecting Some App Store Submissions? Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business Climate-Related Terms Not Wanted At DOE A supervisor told some staffers at the Department of Energy they should avoid using terms like climate change, emissions reduction and Paris agreement. Technology ‘The Witness’ Dev Is Working On A New Game Game designer Jonathan Blow just announced on social media that he and his team are currently looking for an animator for their new game. World Scientists Discover Unexpected Behavior In Creation Of Entangled Photons For the longest time, scientists thought that entangled particles emerged from the same point in space. New observations challenge this belief. National Federal Judge Missing From Pennsylvania Home Edwin Michael Kosik, 91, was reported to be last seen at his home outside Scranton, Pennsylvania, Wednesday afternoon. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Security Google android Google is bolstering ransomware defenses in Android 7.0 Nougat By Shawn Knight on Mar 29, 2017, 3:00 PM TechSpot Ransomware is a particularly nasty class of malicious software. Unlike a destructive virus or piece of malware that eradicates data entirely, ransomware attacks victims psychologically with the hope that their precious files can be recovered… if you’re willing to pay for it. Many of the top digital security firms in the world have been waging war on ransomware since day one. As Jason Woloz, a senior program manager with Google’s Android Security team, explains in a recent blog post, Google is no exception. Google has long had protections from ransomware in Android and although the issue has become more prevalent with time, infections on mobile devices are still quite rare. Woloz notes that since 2015, less than 0.00001 percent of ransomware installations originated from Google Play and less than 0.01 percent of installations from sources other than Google Play were categorized as ransomware. Woloz says that’s less than the odds of getting struck by lightning twice in your lifetime. Google’s fight against ransomware involves a couple of key components including Application Sandboxing which forces apps to operate independently of others and Verify Apps, the security system that analyzes apps before installation and regularly checks in with both devices and apps for PHAs (Potentially Harmful Applications). With Android 7.0 Nougat, Google is further bolstering its fight against ransomware. A few of the upcoming additions and changes are outlined below. Safety blinders: Apps can no longer see which other apps are active. That means scammy ones can’t see what other apps are doing—and can’t inform their attacks based on activity. Even stronger locks: If you set a lockscreen PIN prior to installing ransomware, ransomware can’t misuse your device’s permissions to change your PIN and lock you out. Whacking clickjacking: “Clickjacking” tricks people into clicking something, often by obscuring permission dialogs behind other windows. You’re now protected from ransomware attacks that use this tactic to sneakily gain control of a device. Woloz also provides the following steps you can do to help keep your device safe: Only download apps from a trustworthy source, such as Google Play. Ensure Verify Apps is enabled. Install security updates and always ensure your device is updated to the latest version to get the best security protection. Back up your device. Be cautious. Take a moment to read reviews and other information about apps before installing, to make sure you download the app you’re looking for. Even if you do everything “right,” it’s still possible that ransomware could find its way to your device. If that happens, Google recommends first trying to boot into safe mode and uninstalling any recent apps you may have installed. Should that not work, you can try performing a factory reset although this should probably be your last resort (especially if you don’t have your files backed up). Lead image via Palto, Shutterstock Related Reads Many Android 7.1 Nougat features, including Google Assistant, are exclusive to the Pixel So long, Nutella: Google's next major Android version is called Nougat Android 7.0 Nougat is now rolling out to select Nexus devices 3 comments 78 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… UK politician calls for backdoors in encrypted messaging services like WhatsApp Hackers demand Apple pay ransom or they'll remotely wipe iDevices TSA bans large electronic devices on airlines from 13 countries Popular 27 comments This is the new Samsung Galaxy S8 MSI GT83VR Titan SLI Review: GTX 1080 SLI! 13 comments Samsung store catches fire on eve of Galaxy S8 unveiling 16 comments Human waste discovered inside Coke cans at Northern Ireland production factory Load Comments 3 ... User Comments: 3 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 19 Facebook won't load correctly, but other sites work just fine 11 Webmasters - Do you know Ad Maven? 11 Project Memex is Darpa's search engine for the Dark Web 14 Yet another female executive is departing Reddit 28 What online security measures do you use? Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
March 29, 2017 | 77° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Business Breaking| Top News Samsung’s Galaxy S8 phone aims to dispel the Note 7 debacle Associated Press Posted March 29, 2017 March 29, 2017 Updated March 29, 2017 7:41pm ASSOCIATED PRESS The Bixby function of the new Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus was demonstrated in New York on March 24. The Galaxy S8 features a larger display than its predecessor, the Galaxy S7, and sports a voice assistant intended to rival Siri and Google Assistant. ASSOCIATED PRESS A Samsung Galaxy S8 mobile phone was shown partially submerged to demonstrate its water resistance, in New York, on March 24. The Galaxy S8 features a larger display than its predecessor, the Galaxy S7, and sports a voice assistant intended to rival Siri and Google Assistant. ASSOCIATED PRESS New Samsung Galaxy S8, left, and Galaxy S8 Plus mobile phones were displayed in New York on March 24. The Galaxy S8 features a larger display than its predecessor, the Galaxy S7, and sports a voice assistant intended to rival Siri and Google Assistant. NEW YORK >> Samsung seems to be playing it safe —at least with its battery — as it unveils its first major smartphone since the embarrassing recall of its fire-prone Note 7. The Galaxy S8 will come in two sizes, both bigger than comparable models from last year. To maximize display space, there’s no more physical home button. The S8 also sports a voice assistant intended to rival Siri and Google Assistant. But battery capacity isn’t increasing, despite the larger sizes, meaning more breathing room for the battery. Samsung had pushed the engineering envelope with the Note 7 battery, which contributed to spontaneous combustions. That recall cost Samsung at least $5.3 billion. Though many customers remain loyal, any further misstep could prove fatal. The phone, announced today in New York, will come out April 21. The standard-size S8 will cost about $750 and the larger S8 Plus about $850 — both about $100 more than comparable iPhones and rival Android phones. “That’s a big bet that its phones will justify a higher price, whereas it could have used these new phones as a way to drive higher sales after a couple of years of stagnation,” said Jan Dawson, an analyst with Jackdaw Research. ABOUT THAT BATTERY Samsung has blamed the Note 7 fires on multiple design and manufacturing defects in its batteries. Inspectors concluded some of the batteries were too small for their capacity, putting pressure on the internal structure. The company says phones will now go through multiple inspections, including X-rays and stress tests at extreme temperatures. And Samsung no longer is trying to squeeze a lot of battery power in a small space. The S8 Plus model, for instance, has 3 percent less battery power than the Galaxy S7 Edge, but the phone itself is 12 percent larger. Samsung says software and chip improvements mean the new phones will still last all day. BIGGER, TALLER SCREENS The S8 phone’s display measures 5.8 inches diagonally, compared with 5.1 inches on the S7. The S8 Plus will be 6.2 inches, compared with S7 Edge’s 5.5 inches and the Note 7’s 5.7 inches. Samsung is getting rid of the “Edge” distinction and bringing curved sides to all S8 phones. Samsung has also made it easier to look at apps without scrolling as much. It enlarged the screen by minimizing the frame, or bezel, surrounding the display; gone is a horizontal strip with the home button at the bottom. Instead, Samsung is embedding a virtual home button in the display and moving the fingerprint sensor to the back. In addition, both S8 models are taller than their predecessors, but widths are roughly the same. That makes them easy to hold in one hand. VOICE ASSISTANT Samsung claims its new voice assistant, Bixby, will do much more than rivals from Apple, Google, Microsoft and Amazon. For one thing, Samsung says Bixby will be able to handle any smartphone task currently managed by touch. When viewing a photo, just say “send this to Bob” to pull up messaging options and contact information for the Bobs you know. Bixby will also offer information on books, wine and other products scanned with the phone’s camera. But there’s a major caveat: Bixby will work only with selected Samsung apps, including the photo gallery and messages, along with Google Play Music. Not all touch commands will have voice counterparts right away. Other apps will be able to adopt Bixby, but Samsung has had a mixed track record in getting other companies to support its home-brewed functions, such as an “Air View” feature for showing pop-up previews of content. Never seen it? Exactly. “I think the brand will struggle to compete in the longer term with the broader digital ecosystems from Google, Amazon or Apple,” Forrester analyst Thomas Husson said. OTHER FEATURES The front camera is getting a boost to 8 megapixels, from 5 megapixels, while the rear one stays at 12 megapixels. As with previous models, the S8 is water and dust resistant and features a memory card slot to supplement 64 gigabytes of built-in storage, which is higher than the base models of most rivals. The S8 will get an iris scanner to let people unlock the phone by looking at it ; the feature was new in the ditched Note 7 phone. Samsung will include premium earbuds from AKG, a brand it acquired when it bought Harman International. BEYOND THE S8 Samsung’s virtual-reality camera, Gear 360, will now accommodate a higher resolution, known as 4K, and work with iPhones, not just Samsung phones. An optional docking station will turn the S8 phone into a desktop computer when connected to a regular TV. In that mode, people will be able to resize windows and work with several apps at once. It’s similar to what Microsoft offers on its Windows 10 phones. Samsung also unveiled a router that doubles as a hub for internet-connected appliances and lights. Samsung said its previously announced Gear VR headset upgrade, which will now include a hand-held controller, will go on sale in April for about $130. Existing owners can buy just the controller for about $40. The company hasn’t announced prices and release dates for the other accessories. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Plan to close golf course spells doom for Arakawa Family’s dog fatally shot by airport guard Kahuku grad returns to Hawaii to join Warriors Sugar cane still growing strong on Oahu Raiders make pitch to become Hawaii’s team Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Android Dev team details features, advantages of Android O Dev Preview By Rei Padla - March 29, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter We’re very much interested in the Android O for Developers. The latest preview of the next platform version is mainly for the devs only. Google reiterated that this one is ONLY for the developers. If you’re not one and are still insisting to download and try it out, go ahead and install at your own risk. But if you’re really serious in helping out Google in making Android a better platform, leave the testing and development to the experts. If you’re a developer, you may have probably installed the new version already. The developer preview is ideal for the designers and developers who would like to see how their apps are applied on the mobile devices. As with past previews, you are free to explore the new features and send your feedback to the Android team. The Android Dev team has recently posted a video showing what’s new in Android O. We’ve listed the main features and enhancements already and we’ve learned about a couple of related apps like the Android O Pixel Launcher and 1Password. We’re expecting similar reports and discoveries in the coming months to be revealed. One Google developer advocate, Nasir Khan, is thrilled to show off the preview. We know we can’t cover everything because the version is still young but allow us to share them with you as shared by Khan. Android O is said to have more control over apps in the background. This is one way to improve interactive performance. You see in the Nougat version, Android prevented apps from receiving three implicit broadcasts like the photo broadcast from manifest-declared BroadcastReceivers. Those apps will soon no longer receive implicit broadcasts but Explicit BroadcastReceivers will still be delivered. At the same time, Runtime Implicit BroadcastReceivers will still be called. Background Execution Limits are also obvious. This includes background services that make the app to run minimally after it has been “backgrounded”. If the app is not in the foreground, then it may not be started. Foreground services are said to work as usual. They will remain unchanged but with new API and notification manager. Some other important changes are obvious in the Settings. It will now return a different identifier for different apps. There’s also the user-resettable Advertising ID given by Google Play Services perhaps to prevent posers. Android O also improves account access. Your app now must rely on the AccountChooser activity. As for the Notification Channel, it is allowed because such provides a fine-grained control. App developers are also given the freedom to send different tyes of notifications. They are user-controlled so you can block, add vibration and lights, and change importance. Use categories for different channels. Android said all apps must use Channel Notification. The Android team also added the Autofill Framework so you don’t have to fill up forms every time information is needed. The time-consuming task can now be skipped with this feature as long as an autofill app is selected on default. Custom views are also now supported, thanks to a new API. Picture in picture mode is now possible on your apps while multi-display support is also now present. This means minor activities can also launch on those secondary displays. Fonts are now given attention in Android O. You will notice the font resources are supported. This way, users can use any font style or weight they want. SOURCE: Android Developers Story Timeline Possible Android O features listed before official launch Android O Developer Preview released, developers only Google partners with Sony to bring Hi-Res audio technology to Android O Android O Developer Preview 1 gets rooted via SuperSU TAGS Android Android O Google Smartphone Rei Padla Must Read Here’s when and where you can get the Galaxy S8 in the US [UPDATE] Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on Samsung Gear VR with Controller and Gear 360 2017 hands-on Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 135,874FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 474,950FollowersFollow 60,543SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2008 - 2017 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 There are a lot of red flags with Samsung's AI assistant in the new Galaxy S8 Steve Kovach Mar. 29, 2017, 4:30 PM 8,680 facebook linkedin twitter email print The Bixby camera can identify real-world objects and pull up relevant information. AP There's Siri. And Alexa. And Google Assistant. And Cortana. Now add another one of those digital assistants to the mix: Bixby, the new helper that lives inside Samsung's latest phone, the Galaxy S8. But out of all the assistants that have launched so far, Bixby is the most curious and the most limited. Before we dive in though, here's a quick recap of what Bixby is and how it works. Samsung's goal with Bixby was to create an assistant that can mimic all the functions you're used to performing by tapping on your screen through voice commands. The theory is that phones are too hard to manage, so simply letting users tell their phone what they want to happen will make things a lot easier. When the Galaxy S8 launches, Bixby will be able to control system functions like brightness, WiFi connections, and so on. It'll also let you control a handful of Samsung's preinstalled apps for basic stuff like reminders and messaging. Outside of the voice controls, there will be an intelligent camera feature that can identify real-world objects and point you to relevant information like links to purchase stuff on Amazon or cool places to visit near the landmark you just snapped. Finally, there's a new Bixby home screen that provides cards of information that the assistant thinks will be relevant to you, like weather, news updates, and suggested contacts. But there are also a lot of limitations to Bixby, and it risks confusing users now that it's shipping on a device that comes with Google Assistant, which is now included on all newer Android phones. The Bixby home screen displays information that it thinks will be relevant to you. Antonio Villas-Boas/Business Insider Third-party support The biggest challenge for Bixby will be convincing third-party app developers to add Bixby voice controls to their apps. Based on how developers historically adopt such features, this doesn't seem likely to happen at scale. Bixby only works on one phone for now, and most developers don't have the bandwidth to add Bixby support for a phone that only a negligible percentage of the entire Android user base will have. We've seen this over and over again with smartphone features unique to just one model. For example, Apple is still having trouble getting apps to add support for 3D Touch on the iPhone and Samsung was never able to convince developers to make widgets for the curved portion of the screen on its Galaxy Edge phones. And without enough third-party support, Bixby will fail to fulfill its core promise: full control of your phone with just your voice. If most of your apps aren't Bixby-compatible, you're going to find yourself using your phone the old-fashioned way more often than not. That alone would be enough to kill Bixby. Bugs I've only had short time with Bixby so far, and it was a controlled demo given by a Samsung employee. Most of its features won't light up until the phone goes on sale April 21. That said, Bixby didn't work very well from what I saw. It took several seconds for the voice command to raise the phone's brightness to register. And it had difficulty when asked to beam a video from the phone to a nearby Samsung TV. The image recognition worked pretty well, but there's no way to gauge how robust and accurate it is until I use it in the real world. Nothing I saw convinced me that talking to your phone was better or easier than using the screen. More Android fragmentation Google Assistant, which is coming to all Android phones, including the Galaxy S8. Hollis Johnson/Business Insider Digital assistants are one of the hottest categories right now, so it's not surprising Samsung is giving its own take a whirl. But it's also falling into the same trap it has before: Android fragmentation. Last fall, Google introduced the excellent Google Assistant on its own Pixel phones. Now, Google Assistant ships with all Android devices running the newer versions of the operating system. That means your new Galaxy S8 will have two digital helpers battling it out for your attention. It's bad for Google, which is pinning its future on AI and voice controls, and it's bad for you since it causes unnecessary confusion. Google Assistant will continue to gain third-party support since it'll be on just about every new Android phone moving forward, along with others released in the last few months. That's likely where a lot of the developer attention will go. Bixby will be an afterthought at best. Promises to improve Samsung says it's still early days for Bixby. More functionality is coming over time, and it eventually plans to add support from Viv, the AI startup Samsung bought last year from the same people who built Siri. By most accounts, Viv is some very impressive tech. Maybe that'll fill in a lot of the holes Bixby has one day. But based on what Samsung has shown so far, Bixby feels incomplete. The Galaxy S8 will almost certainly be a great phone on its own without another assistant mucking things up. Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: Full details on the Galaxy S8 NOW WATCH: Everything you need to know about the Samsung Galaxy S8 Loading video... More: Samsung Galaxy S8 Bixby Virtual assistants Artificial Intelligence Digital assistants Personal assistants AI AI assistants Siri Cortana Google Assistant Google Now Alexa Google Android facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru There are a lot of red flags with Samsung's AI assistant in the new Galaxy S8 There are a lot of red flags with Samsung's AI assistant in the new Galaxy S8 There's Siri. And Alexa. And Google Assistant.... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Google Calendar finally comes to the iPad Google Calendar finally comes to the iPad Yep, it took them this long Blair Hanley Frank (IDG News Service) 30 March, 2017 06:50 - - - - print email Comments Google’s Calendar app is making a long-awaited move to a new device: Apple’s iPad. You read that right: Until Wednesday, the tech titan hadn’t optimized its marquee calendar application to run on Apple’s tablets. The app provides users with a view of the calendars that they have and that are shared with them through Google’s service. In addition, they get a handful of features Apple’s native calendar app doesn’t have, like the ability to more easily find time and space for a meeting with other people inside their organizations. Making iPad users wait for a native Calendar app is hardly a surprise coming from Google, considering that it’s the company behind Android, and frequently ships new features first to apps for devices running its mobile operating system. That’s not to say Google Calendar was completely unavailable for iPad users for the past several years. The iPhone app for Calendar could run on Apple’s tablets, but it wasn’t optimized for use on those devices. The move is a part of Google’s continuing push to make its G Suite productivity services useful to as broad a set of people as possible. Google is working aggressively to get customers to switch to its productivity suite from their current systems, which in many cases, revolve around Microsoft Office. Microsoft offers its own calendar app for the iPad in the form of Outlook for iOS, which has supported Apple's tablet since its launch in 2015. Google has more iOS-specific features planned, including a Today widget that will let users see their upcoming events in an iPad’s Notification Center, according to a blog post by Calendar product manager Sharon Stovezky. ​CIO Executive Council member profile: Emmanuel Steve Dulvin More from CIO Executive Council Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Google G SuiteGoogle More about AppleGoogleMicrosoft Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Accelerating digital business in the 4th industrial revolution Mastering the science of IT spend Read more Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers How to Overcome Today’s Top ITSM Challenges 2017 Trends: SD-WAN Advances Towards Mainstream Adoption Consolidate: Get Control of Your Service Desk CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Latest Jobs Manager Portfolio Planning QLD Project Coordinator/Administrator NSW ICT Project Manager NSW Delivery Executive SA Data Analyst Lead SA Deployment Manager | Contract VIC Contracts Manager NSW Contracts Manager NSW Program Learning Capability Manager, Financial Services NSW Head of Architecture, Global Financial Institution NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​New influencers of IT emerge as tech spending moves away from the ... Defence personnel IT system replacement “over budget and behind schedule” Attack, detection metrics improve but security specialists warn against complacency CSO Online 10 things you may not know about Google In pictures: CMO/CIO/ADMA Executive Connections breakfast in Sydney New era, new buzzphrase: We're headed for 'Digital Cohesion' CSO Attack, detection metrics improve but security specialists warn against complacency Ignorant of cybersecurity risk, breached small businesses are concealing the cost of recovery IBM: 4 billion online records were leaked in 2016 Trojan source code leak poised to spur new online banking attacks Privacy advocates plan to fight Congress' repeal of ISP privacy rules Computerworld NBN sends in field team to assess Cyclone Debbie impact NBN fixed wireless to get a speed boost to 100Mbps Xero hits the 1 million mark Vic education department creates CIO role Copying Snapchat shows Facebook’s lack of innovation ARN HPE flags appetite for further acquisitions Nukon, Cognizant, and Toshiba nab TIBCO partner awards Local partners claim millions in Govt's Entrepreneurs’ Program funding push Xero to increase investment in AI and machine learning Court rules on Schneider Electric's legal battle with DPSA Techworld Trump extends Obama executive order on cyberattacks Sanbot is the Jill of all trades Extreme swallows Brocade's data center networking business for $55M China Oceanwide completes its purchase of IDG Congress to US citizens: Want online privacy? Pay up! CMO Village Cinemas relaunches customer loyalty program using data insights CMO's top 8 martech stories for the week - 30 March 2017 CMO roundtable: How to stop optimising channels and focus on the customer opportunity ​Complacency kills CX: lessons learnt from the Aussie retail meltdown How Sky Betting is using customer identity to bridge the owned and paid media gap Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 71 Share on Facebook 56 Share on Twitter Total Shares146 Galaxy S8 News Phone Reviews Videos The Galaxy S6 was, by all accounts, a truly transformational moment for Samsung's industrial design. After years of building plastic phones constantly lambasted for their "cheapness," Samsung made radical changes in an attempt to completely redefine its smartphone brand. Those changes were generally well received, but it always felt like they stopped short: the software was still slow, bloated, and the battery life surprisingly poor. With the Note5 and S6 edge+ we saw significant refinement of that reinvention "moment," but not until the S7 and S7 edge did Samsung really build the concept I think they set out to with those first metal and glass sandwiches. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are Samsung's attempt to show us that they can do more than just iterate on that "Eureka" moment they had in 2015, even if those iterations have generally been quite good. And after the Note7 disaster last year, they really need to make good on that promise. After spending some time with the phones last week, I'm still on the fence as to whether Samsung has truly succeeded - but I think the pieces for success are there. Even if I don't think they're all terribly obvious, and even if the phones don't take any real big risks. The hardware Take what you loved about the Galaxy S7 edge and Note7, then just imagine it all being better. More refined, more coherent, more polished. As to that final point: literally. The Galaxy S8 siblings now feature polished aluminum mid-frames, as opposed to the matte anodized finish of years past. In particular - at least in my opinion - this looks good on the Midnight Black version of the phone, which features a shiny black mid-frame to match. The whole phone visually sort of looks like a deep black stone - it's a very interesting and striking effect Samsung has achieved here. As you'd expect of Samsung, the attention to detail is impeccable. The glass meets the aluminum in a very natural, near-seamless way, and the various body colors all have a distinct character. The front of the phones, however, do not: unlike years past, all colors of the Galaxy S8 and S8+ will feature black surrounds on the display side of the phone, to accentuate Samsung's "infinity display" and its minimal bezel. I absolutely agree with this design decision, because it brings the canvas - the screen - out as the sole focal point of the front of the device. You're drawn to the screen, and everything surrounding it just sort of falls away. Samsung has been paying attention to the little stuff, too. Everything from the design of the camera module (it now has more of stylized "lens" effect) to the smooth USB-C cutout seems carefully considered and manufactured with precision. The phones scream quality, and I am continually impressed by Samsung's ability to iterate in this area. Samsung clearly spends a lot of time and energy on its design and manufacturing processes, and it shows. Perhaps most notably, these phones mark the end of one of the last vestigial elements of the Galaxy brand: capacitive navigation keys and the physical home button. It really makes the S8 and S8+ the cleanest-looking handsets Samsung's ever produced. Above the display sit the standard array of sensors, including a new 8MP front-facing camera with software-simulated autofocus (we'll see how that goes) and the iris scanner array. Out back, Samsung says the 12MP rear camera is basically unchanged physically from last year's, with most optimizations happening on the photo processing side. I'm certainly curious to see how photos compare to last year's phones, then. You still get IP68 waterproofing, and 64GB of storage is now standard (with microSD expansion available). Samsung has retained the headphone jack, but made the switch to USB-C it began with the Note7 last year. Wireless charging is intact, too. As to the deceptively giant displays, at 5.8 and 6.2", respectively, the phones are considerably taller this year. But they're also narrowed, meaning they're easier to get a grip on, and they really aren't especially heavy or unwieldy. Ceding so much of what was previously bezel space to the expanded display seems an obvious choice in retrospect, but to me it definitely necessitated the end of the capacitive keys, otherwise all that extra height tends to feel a bit wasted. Speaking of those keys. The software To answer your first and greatest question: Yes, you can switch the order of the navigation keys. You can either have them in Samsung (read: wrong) order, or change them to the standard Android layout of back, home, and recent apps (left to right). Samsung also lets you customize the color of the navigation bar background, which is nice. Sure, the iconography is nowhere near stock, but I couldn't really give a damn what the buttons look like as long as they do what I expect them to. And no, Bixby is not mapped to long-pressing the home key: that's 100% Google Assistant. (Bixby's functional overlap with Assistant is actually quite minimal - for now.) The latest version of I-Can't-Believe-It's-Not-TouchWiz is based on Android 7.0 (not 7.1, sigh) and feels basically similar to what we had on the Note7 and now have on the Galaxy S7 phones. "Grace UX" is the easiest on the eyes TouchWiz has ever been, and while there are still a bunch of old features in there I hardly think warrant the real estate in the settings app, Samsung continues to provide its own useful additions. I didn't spend much time with the software in-depth, as I really didn't have time. And Samsung's Bixby assistant was only demoed to us in a controlled, scripted test environment, which is useless from an evaluation perspective. I can give you the overview, though: it's basically Google Goggles meets Google Now meets voice-powered accessibility controls. It's definitely an interesting mesh of features, though Samsung's hardest push seems to be around the idea that people will want to use their voice to control things like their screen brightness, toggling the hotspot, picking a camera mode or filter, and generally controlling their device. I am, to put it bluntly, unconvinced anyone will use this. But maybe it'll win me over when our review units come in and I actually have a chance to put it to the test. But, if you were worried that Bixby was an attempt to subvert Google Assistant and replace it: please, don't be. Not yet, at least. Google Assistant and Bixby happily coexist on the Galaxy S8, and are frankly rather different products. Oh, and this is kind of interesting, I guess: Samsung has also implemented the fingerprint scanner gesture to bring down the notification bar. It's off by default, I think, but it's there. Like the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge after their respective Nougat updates, the S8 and S8+ don't actually display in their native, physical resolutions by default (they're set to full HD mode). I remain very divided on this choice: while I know the vast majority of people who own these phones will never, ever notice and reap considerable battery life returns as a result, why put in these more expensive ultra-high-res panels in the first place? Samsung's answer, of course, relies heavily on VR, because you need that Quad HD display mode to provide a good VR experience. But I don't think anyone, even Samsung, has actually produced compelling evidence that consumers care about VR (apart from the companies making VR products). I guess it comes down to the question of how much more a Quad HD panel of this type would cost to produce than a 1080p version. If it's not a big difference, then I guess I get where Samsung is coming from. One feature I found quite interesting is the new home button wake gesture. Simply press your finger on the home button that is shown in the always-on display mode for a moment, and the screen will wake, indicated by a light burst of haptic feedback. While obviously you won't get far if you have a fingerprint scanner lock set, you might be more likely to use Samsung's iris scan or face unlock features (the latter is new to the S8). Given rumors that Samsung intended to place the fingerprint scanner inside the display itself with the S8 but failed to achieve the necessary yields, I have to wonder if this is the compromise they've settled on: pushing customers away from the ubiquitous fingerprint scanner, for now, until their more impressive technology is ready for primetime. As for me, I probably wouldn't use the home button wake regardless - the fingerprint scanner is simply my preferred mode of authentication. The reader is definitely a bit of a reach on these phones, though, and even with my relatively long fingers I found the S8+ would definitely take some getting used to in terms of default hand positioning. Samsung's iris scanner tech is fast and very accurate, but I'm not always looking at my phone when I unlock it. Performance on the phones is not something I feel comfortable expressing any definitive opinion on at this time. They felt fine - not crazy fast, not particularly slow - but given the notoriety Samsung's phones have achieved for slowing down over time, my experience in a controlled demo environment is simply not going to be helpful in assessing these things. It's probably better for me to end that discussion here and save the extended thoughts for our review. I obviously can't judge battery life yet, but Samsung shared an interesting figure with me: the new batteries in the Galaxy S8 and S8+ feature much better cycle longevity than the ones in last year's phones. Whereas after a year of typical charge and discharge cycles last year's Galaxy S7 and S7 edge would see around 20% of their effective capacity lost, Samsung says that figure is more like 5% of capacity lost over a year on the S8 and S8+. That's definitely encouraging. Final thoughts The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are big, beautiful phones. The larger displays are absolutely great, and the switch to virtual navigation keys is long overdue. I'm sure they'll have great cameras, and I expect battery life will probably be largely comparable to last year's phones (i.e., good). TouchWiz is, as far as user experience goes, the best it's ever been. That may not be saying much for some of you, but I generally find Samsung's UI modifications at the very least aesthetically palatable nowadays, and some of the added features are genuinely useful. A switch to 64GB of storage as standard is absolutely welcome and, I think, should be the bar to meet for any flagship phone in 2017. Bixby, despite the fears of many (myself included), doesn't really seem meant to displace Google Assistant or search on your phone. The Snapdragon 835 version of the S8 and S8+ we'll get here in the US packs a lot of new and potent technology, too - it's not just faster than the 820 and 821, it's more efficient and more capable. What am I not loving yet? Launching with Android 7.0 feels oh so typical Samsung: they can preach all they want about how they test their software endlessly in order to ensure updates are smooth and low on bugs, but I just can't shake the feeling that Samsung really has no intention of changing its approach to Android platform updates. Performance is going to be a big question, too (and it's one Samsung seems uninterested in discussing). I won't even be able to conclusively come to an answer in our review, simply due to the amount of time we'll have to use the phones before publishing. That'll take weeks and months of additional testing. Finally, there's a lot of uncertainty remaining around the value proposition these phones will offer, and without pricing, that's hard to comment on just yet. There's also a lingering feeling that the S8 and S8+ feel iterative in terms of actual user experience versus being showcases for advancements in industrial design and engineering. Samsung itself seems very eager to present the reduced bezel and larger displays as the raison d'etre for the Galaxy S8. But it's hard to tell if beauty is more than skin deep with these phones. Why is the screen curved? Because it's pretty (fragile, and the edge UI experience sucks). Why is the aluminum frame now polished? Because it's pretty (and will get scratched). Why aren't the batteries any bigger? Because thin phones are pretty (even though everyone wants bigger batteries). These are thoughts that I've had a harder time shaking than I expected. There's no doubt the Galaxy S8 and S8+ are exceptional achievements from the standpoint of design and phone-building knowhow, but I think I can distill my feelings about them down to this: I'm really unsure why I'd want one of these that much more than a Galaxy S7 edge or, if it still existed, a Note7. If there's some major improvement to performance I missed, maybe that could be it, but on most other fronts - aside from the switch to virtual nav keys - I'm left scratching my head a bit. But, maybe that's just a result of not having enough time with them. Hopefully, we'll be reviewing these phones soon enough, as I'm eager to get a deeper sense of the changes Samsung's made and how they translate into a real-world product experience. Tags galaxy 8 galaxy s8 galaxy s8 hands on galaxy s8 review s8 S8 Plus video subscribe ... Previous Story The Galaxy S8's new battery will degrade less quickly than the Galaxy S7's ... Next Story A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments Bedirhan SAVAS Cool phone except the finger print sensor Toss3 Looks like decent phones, but not enough of an upgrade to switch from the s7/s7e. As for android 7.1 it really doesn't matter as samsung usually incorporates a lot of the new features long before they are available on newer android versions. Eagerly looking forward to the Note 8 though (4K screen for VR is going to be a much needed upgrade). Taylor Vaughn I freelance online, performing basic jobs which simply requires from you a laptop or computer as well as internet accessibility and it is a life-saver for me personally... After 6 months on this job opportunity and i gained so far total of 36,000 dollars... Basicly i make about eighty bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hour most of the days.And marvelous thing about this job is that you can easily manage time while you work and for how long as you like and you get paid weekly >> http://v15.uk/xbRHM MJ I agree 4K is much needed for VR but I would question 4K or VR on a phone. LOL Toss3 Why? Works much better on phones as they aren't tethered to anything. Personally only use it for watching movies on planes or in bed when the gf is sleeping. MJ That is your only use cases? It's more useless than I thought. I watch movies on my big screen TV on my sweet couch when the GF is sleeping. No heavy BDSM head gear needed. Toss3 Pretty much. Never liked watching movies on a TV as TVs are always really small (unless you buy one of those 40k ones that are 100"<). I had a projector (with a 120" screen), but I sold it when I moved to another country, and because I don't watch TV that often a "big-screen" TV just doesn't feel that useful. I also like being thoroughly engrossed in the movies I watch without any distractions and only the Gear VR has offered me anything like that thus far. It's also the first private movie-theater that you can take with you wherever you go. The low resolution is the only thing that could be improved (and the straps of course). MJ Sure if it works for you but I don't like things strapped to my head and face. It must be a pain to unstrap when need a drink, snack, or take a piss. Toss3 You either lift the device (similar to ski goggles or snorkel) or you use the built-in pass-through mode. And there's really no need to unstrap anything when going for a piss. MJ I didn't mean literally unstrap but none of that sounds convenient or practical at all. LOL It must be me... MJ Samsung has made a product I would almost consider buying by cleaning up the UX, going with on-screen buttons, better aspect ratio, and minimizing the edge gimmick (next just get rid of it) while keeping the headphone jack and wireless charging BUT... The placement of the fingerprint is just horrible. David, you went on how Samsung pays attention to the details but they just randomly place the fingerprint reader? OK... They still make me wary of getting timely OS updates. Android 7.0? Really? I like to see if they follow up on their promise of monthly security updates on their unlocked phones. Cristian-Teodor TATOIU My S7 Edge, unlocked, Romania, received Nougat but still on freaking January security update! How bout dat? MJ That sucks but didn't they just make that promise a couple of weeks ago? Cristian-Teodor TATOIU They made that promise months ago but with the new top dog in tow... They'll make good on S8, no doubt, for the first 6-7 months. Then, they'll have the S9 to keep them busy. And so on, and so on... Really, really, really want/need timely security updates? Pixel or whatever Google brings out is the way to go. Not freaking out cause of some security vulnerabilities going unpatched for months? Samsung is an option then... They'll update, sooner or... Jordan L my friend, who is kind of paranoid about security, loves the Galaxy series of phones(probably because they look great). From a data security prospective; do you think Pixel or Galaxy is "more secure". He's worried less about hacks on old versions of the OS, he's worried about his cloud data. I vote for Pixel because you are only logging in with your Google account, and not also logging into your phone with a "Samsung" account. to use features. yes, Google tracks everything you do, but they are a US based company. Samsung is not, ... just a thought. I would THINK he would HATE the fact that he logs into his phone with Samsung account too. (you do have to use a Samsung account to fully use a Galaxy phone, right?) Justin You don't have to log in to Samsung's account to use the phone, but you lose out on things like Samsung Pay if you don't. EcE You don't need a Samsung account unless you want Samsung Pay, themes ( and their crapstore) or VR. Even then, they are two different accounts and AFAIK you don't need to share any private information to the Samsung account unless you use Samsung Pay. Vivek Rameses A non us company is much safer and private. Muh americans love garbage made in the US. dabug91 The Pixel would be the superior choice, as they will get monthly security updates through October 2019 at least. Max Johnson Battery size is concerning, but maybe that's something to do with precaution with the fire issue. Lawrence Fail!: It is way too tall, fingerprint sensor on the back, small battery, new bixie assistant with dedicated button, same old camera. Win. 64gb storage, looks cool. Biga173rd So what's a win in your book that can compare to this new phone? Zsolt V The same phone with a fruity fruit logo Biga173rd Ehhhh lno lol Lawrence Thanks for asking : the S7 and S7 edge... Better battery/size ratio same camera, same ram. Front fingerprint, and they can be hold by humans. Biga173rd Good point I personally will wait for the Note 8. Toss3 Agreed on the fingerprint sensor, but it does have face-unlock which should be a useful alternative (it is on Win 10 devices). I seriously don't understand why these companies are forcing AI assistans on us? Do people really use them? AI is useful, but not for phones. Camera is already good enough; use pro mode and it's amazing. Really can't expect better in a phone right now unless you start increasing the sensor size. EcE " this looks good on the Midnight Black version of the phone, which features a shiny black mid-frame to match" Glad to see the black phone is black on the sides, that chrome version looks horrible. Marcel Mayer hä? the device will show on 5pm? why you publish the article? PhillipeFelut so, whats the actual resolution of the display itself? DeathWolfGaming They are set to 1080p to save battery life. PhillipeFelut 2960x1440 is the number i was looking for. Jesse Lee Samsung is really receptive to their markets; a completely opposite direction from years past and from that being employed by Google Inc. The results are phones that continue to get better and better and more practical. Looks great! Timbets Linux 4.4 kernel Ishimaru I'm surprised. Even Google is still on 3.x. ProductFRED I'm not jumping to sell my S7 Edge Exynos just yet. Gotmilo waiting for the note 8 JD It's a damn solid phone. I wouldn't jump unless I pooped money and was having a bad case of the runs. Winston I'm upgrading from my flat S7 to the small S8. Why? Battery has deteriorated, and Samsung usually does really lucrative trade in deals with older phones, of which I still have an S4. John New smartphone releases are beginning to be as exciting as new dishwasher releases. That's a good thing as it means we can hold on to our phones for longer, smaller manufacturers can catch up to the big boys, and there will be more price competition rather than feature competition. Samsung seems to realize this which is why they're making a big push to differentiate on software. We would benefit from more alternatives to Google's software. I'm just skeptical that Samsung is capable. BC Um, why no images of the Dialer App's interface? It's something that I always want to know but never can readily find. David Ruddock Because I had an hour with the phones total and that wasn't really on my priority list. Sorry. BC It's cool, I'm just a weirdo that likes to know what all the interfaces I'll be interacting with regularly look within OEM apps. Cakefish Just look up the S7 Nougat update UI. I am pretty sure it'll be very similar to that, the rest of the S8's UI is. BC Not good enough for me, though I'll likely preorder the device...I'll be able to see it firsthand this way. Cakefish Check out the bajillion youtube hands-on videos, I'm sure one of them has what you're looking for :) BC I can only hope, though I have a feeling nobody will even care about the Dialer App. Cakefish Found one for ya! Look at 2:12 in the video: https://youtu.be/sZvp4L52QzQ BC Thank you! I had begun the scanning of videos to catch a hint of that app interface. Phone_Addiction Time to ditch my ip7 plus for the gs8+ brararsh Thinking of same. Adil Tajgeer i'm in the same boat but with the regular S8, it seems to be a great blend of big screen in a small package. but will just keep my iphone around. I NEED ALL THE SHINY THINGS. Biga173rd Wow!! that is one gorgeous phone. The build quality is incredible damn Sammy knocked it out of the park. And that metal frame... Nuno G. "You can either have them in Samsung (read: wrong)" Although it's not the standard order for Android, for me it's the natural order, specially for right handed persons!!! When I hold the phone, I hold normally with my right hand, so my thumb finger is the finger that is most near the screen on the right side of it. so it's normal for me to have the back button cause that's the one that I use more.. Miku is Best Vocaloid "Right handed persons" all have different preferences, I am right handed and I use the back button on the left. Middlefinger Im a lefty and Samsungs is still the better positioning. Google just have it wrong but the fanbois on here would never disagree with their Google god. JD Gotta say it wasn't until the S7e that I started to look at Samsung and that Samsung actually got me excited about Android Hardware again. I used to be a Nexus Diehard and when Google and other OEMs just all made glass rectangles, some with really bad software decisions I just gave up. But the S7e was something interesting. The S8 is a really lovely piece of Industrial engineering, like what the OG iPhone and iPhone 4 did to the industry when everyone was doing more of the same. jonzey231 I love that they continue to include wireless charging. iKon It's not even wireless... False advertising more like. jonzey231 Kay. Sharky I've been on Nexus for 5 years but I'm going to give this a go. The bezel-less screen makes it look like something genuinely new, I really wish the Pixel had looked this. I'm still skeptical about Samsung's UI skin but the move to virtual (& customizable!) buttons alleviates that a bit. Hopefully this will encourage Google to step up their efforts with the next Pixel, but it's going to take a big jump from last year's model to get me back. Jay The skin has not been a concern since s7. The whole look can be altered with one click via the theme store. I use one that makes it either look like native android or a jet black theme, that's so enjoyable on these amoled screens. Daniel Tiberius I'm looking forward to playing around with those themes. Middlefinger *S6. Sharky Admittedly the skin does looks quite nice now, I certainly hope I'm converted now I've shelled out $850 on this thing. Kevin Chaos I'm using the S7 and I really want the S8... but I'm going to force myself to wait and at least see what Apple has to offer with their next iPhone. That or Google needs to fix the Android messaging clusterfuck they've created. I've been using Android phones since the Nexus One but iPhones have come a long way and iMessage is starting to look really good. Toss3 Not sure why anyone with an S7/S7E would feel the urge to upgrade. Why not use something like Telegram, Whatsapp, etc. instead of SMS? Kevin Chaos I have a problem with wanting new toys constantly, haha. I think I've gotten a new phone every 6 months. Almost everyone I know uses SMS here. I am also using Google Voice myself. I just don't have enough friends who use those apps. At least that's my case in the United States. Toss3 I used to be like that, but now that Android has matured and caught up with the iPhone in terms of smoothness, I really don't feel the urge to upgrade as often as I used to. Only thing I want right now is an HDR 4K screen for the Note 8 and I'll be happy. Adil Tajgeer iMessage has kept my pixel and OP3 in a drawer for most of their time with me. but the S8 is so pretty i will probably bite the bullet and face the shame of the green bubble. fijisiv Why is the screen curved? Because it's pretty... Why is the aluminum frame now polished? Because it's pretty... Why aren't the batteries any bigger? Because thin phones are pretty... While most AP readers probably do a LOT of research before buying a phone, I'd wager a huge majority of phone purchases are done by people who walk into the store and say "oh that one looks pretty." Toss3 Thankfully we still have the Note-series that should cater to a different audience (hopefully). Adnoxaei It's beautiful, but I'll be skipping it it :/ The fingerprint scanned is just in a terrible spot for my normal usage. I hope one of those scanner techs that can go through the screen can get implimented in the next couple generations. Winston It was reportedly very close to being in the S8, but they couldn't quite get something good enough for it to be signed off. So, Note 8? Adnoxaei The note line got the iris scanner, so it is possible. I already think the S8 is a bit big (really, just too tall), so maybe it can be in the S9 and I'll get it then. At least my bank account will be happuer this year haha. Rann Xeroxx Once you use a scanner on the back of the phone, it actually turns out to be better as that is where your fingers typically are when holding the device. The only problem I can see is if you have it on a table or something and want to use the scanner. (I never do this as I rarely will leave my phone on a table). Miguel Fernandes How can it be better with that limitation? Jan Ibrahim Because in most circumstances for a lot of people , you unlock as you remove from your pocket. This is a lot easier with it on the back. Furthermore, it also means you can achieve a nice clean look on the front of the phone. But no solution is perfect, because the downside is desk use. But i find on the odd occasion I'm using my phone on my desk then pattern lock is fine. But I'd rather have on the back with that limitation than the other way around. Look how ugly the fingerprint scanners look on the front of some of the HTC and oneplus phones for example. John My problem with the S8 is not that the scanner is on the back, which is fine, but that it's all the way up next to the camera. Below the camera would have made more sense. iKon It's only good on the back, if it's in the middle like Huawei devices. Samsung has the worst position out of everyone. My name is…. Google needs to take lessons on how to make pretty phones. Who's gonna prefer a pixel to this? Crazy fanboys only. saf1927 People who actually want a phone. No flat display, no good. My name is…. Pixel was a joke of a phone, i cant believe that Google gave that thing iphone price, so ridiculous. Im sure S8 will be better in every aspect. asian_slaw if you are solely hating on the phone because of the price, you definitely dont understand or have experienced the pixel to it's full potential My name is…. I had a pixel on my hands. i also was an owner of all Nexus phones (after Nexus 4) I would never buy a pixel. There are better phones out there that are better. saf1927 Yes, after coming out half a year later, it doesn't take that much to get a better phone out. By the way, the iPhone 7 will still outperform the S8. it’s me tim-cock. Dude calm your tits. This phone puts the garbage looking iphone and pixel to shame. Your move crapple. saf1927 Come again when Samsung actually puts out a phone that is better than an iPhone in all aspects. A high-res display is nothing to flash your ass out for. Lars Jeppesen Yeah, much better display, more ram, better waterproofness, more freedom (default app anyone? ), wireless charging, fast charging, iris scanner, much higher screen-to-phone ratio, SD card support, bluetooth 5, wifi direct, VR, better assistant (Google Assistant/Bixby),, OH YEAH_, the iPhone sure is better... /s Rann Xeroxx Why on Earth would you pay the absurd price for the Pixel compared to a phone like this? Heck, the Pixel is ugly to boot. And purely from an enterprise standpoint, it has real problems with MDM and ActiveSync configurations to where Samsung goes out of their way to make sure it works perfectly on corporate solutions. saf1927 I actually have an iPhone 7 too, which of course is better than anything Samsung puts out. Looks are subjective. I hate edge displays, so this phone is as ugly as it gets. someone755 Agreed, keep it flat so I can put a normal screen protector on it. JohnyNoLegs Can't even do that on the pixel. These days are over New_Guy Somebody just dropped some world-class knowledge. Kudos h4rr4r Good you can fix the keys! Can you change the settings menu to be normal? Winston Nope, from my time with the S7. And I imagine that will soon be the new normal. Android O DP already has a similar design. So it will soon become normal. h4rr4r Please google, stop moving shit around for the sake of moving shit around. Winston You are the one moving shit around. I don't know what the hell the incentive is for lying, but I have a Galaxy S7. I have a Fast Charger. I have tried both turning the fast charger off in software, AND using a different cable. They both kept my phone cool while charging when using it, and with fast charging on it would heat up. h4rr4r I did not decide to move the buttons around at random or change the settings to some touchwiz crap. I have no idea what you are talking about with the charger. I said nothing about fast chargers. Of course fast chargers make the phone hotter. How do you think this all works? Winston It's not "considerable battery gains". They're actually fairly small: within 10-15 mins SOT in my experience. Samsung itself said, moving from the 5.7 1080p of the Note 3 to the 1440p of the 4, that the power usage delta was 3.5%. That's in hardware. Imagine how little the change is in software. lsh99 The build and design of this phone is exactly what I've been waiting for: premium finishes with a huge screen-to-body ratio. That said, I'm waiting for the Note 8. Cristian-Teodor TATOIU Pricing, for Europe - 799EUR for S8, 899EUR for S8+. These should translate 1:1 to USD + taxes, for US. Of course, unlocked. Turb0wned The question is, if I ordered the US unlocked version from Best Buy, will Samsung screw me out of updates like they did with the unlocked S7E? Trysta After a major Samsung phone reveal, I usually spend the first couple days trying to rationalize how I could buy it even though touchwiz scares me, because the hardware is just so lust-worthy. But this time...not so much. It looks very fancy obviously, and I love the increased screen to body ratio (hopefully all other OEMs....*cough* Google *cough* are paying attention!). But I thought the Note 7, with the extra subtle curves was really the maximum amount of screen curve I was willing to deal with. The curve of the S8/S8+ seems to be going back towards obnoxious taking over 20% of the screen with glare again. Wish they had kept the curved edges the way they were on the Note 7. Batteries are too small, although I understand why they wanted to be careful this year. After my Nexus 6p disappointment, battery life is basically my number one feature for my next phone. And the fingerprint sensor placement is just awful, for seemingly no other reason than to be different from everyone else who has a back fingerprint sensor. I don't want to use iris scanning or face detection. Fingerprint sensors work really well for turning on my phone quickly. This is a major feature of all current flagships. Why did they think this was something that was ok to experiment with/mess up? But in the end, just like every year, I was never going to buy this phone anyway. I hope that it is a great phone for Samsung fans (I'm sure it will be). Shame-sung C.E.O Absolutely horrible looking phone.that it lacks innovation and nothing but gimmicky features. Dominic D ok it’s me tim-cock. As if anyone expect anything diffraction from you. Shame-sung C.E.O Why would anyone expect anything positive from a CORRUPT, thief company? Middlefinger Doesnt do thieving Apple or LG much harm though, or HTC with their new iPhone rip-offs. Shame-sung C.E.O You are mistaken the Corrupt Swinesung Machine that has been sued by. Apple,Dyson,BlackBerry,Microsoft,LG,TSMC And countless other manufactures for stealing. Hmm you sound like those Swinesung guys that were getting paid to Shill and got caught. You can only wish that Apple and LG and anyone else was as horrible as corrupt company as Swinesung. But unlike you i stand by Facts, go ahead and get upset. Not going to change history. : ) Middlefinger Selectively sued in countries with crap IP laws where you can patent anything vague and sue for it even if you never actually made the thing yourself. They failed to sue in countries with reasonable laws. Samsung also counter sued and won, so whatever... Shame-sung C.E.O That's a beautiful excuse. But not a good one. Funny how Swinesung has lost multiple times and agrees to settle after it has uses stolen designs and software and technology. Swingeing has lost all across the world from its home country to the the US. This is the problem with the fanboy mentality. They make poor excuses but everything is online. Swinesung has convicted 2 times of corruption in south korea alone. From Racketeering, Tax Evasion. Fraud and Embezzlement and countless other charges. Also they have the highest return in TV's in the industry with defects. Heck in the S7 and S6,5,4 have all suffered from low quality screens and having image retention issues (again all the information is online if you search) to burn in issues and lets not forget the exploding issues because they choose quantity over quality. Shamesung will always be just that. A low quality company who cares about numbers then quality. Middlefinger You're just a troll, yuor username proves that all by itself. Most of the thing Samsung have been sued for related directly to Android itself, so is Googles fault if anything, not anything they have done. You know this but just troll this site because you are a child with nothing better to do. Dont bother replying, your blocked as of now. Shame-sung C.E.O AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH Facts hurt and hurt so dam much . Man how pathetic. Jay Not sure how your kind of comments continue to survive on this site. Shame-sung C.E.O Because people are entitled to facts and opinions. Just because Swinesung is a horrible corrupt company does not mean bling ignorance does not exist. I mean i like Android and think its amazing and useful, And i feel the same way about Apple , Microsoft LG ect. But Swinesung... Naw i draw the line on the most corrupt company in the tech industry by Parsec's. Dominic D I just wish Samsung would update all their devices at the same time like Apple. Okay, maybe not all... but definitely their S series of devices. It's holding me back from purchasing a Samsung phone again. My AT&T S6 Edge was beautiful but didn't receive Marshmallow for a year. It was nearly unusable on Lollipop with barely an hour and a half of screen-on time. I love my 6P and I'm soon looking to upgrade, but I'm nervous about purchasing another Samsung device. Berkay Wait for the pixel 2 Ilya Kushnir Linux Kernel 4.4.16. This happened! Maha Rashtrian TAKE MY MONEY NOW! How much does it cost though? Mix If Samsung made a phone with stock Android, that had Google's updates I would be in love. My Pixel is nice but Samsung phones just feel nicer. JSo Remember Google Play Edition devices? Those were the days. Mix I do not! My first was Android was a Nexus 4 and I came from a BB Bold! Nexus 4, Nexus 5, Galaxy S6, Pixel Xl, Pixel Xl, Pixel Xl....(I am on my third Pixel, lol) JSo Well other OEMs used to make versions of there devices with stock android on it and they were sold in the Play Store. The Galaxy S4 was one of them. Jaime May I ask why? Were your phones faulty? Mix Mic died on the 1st Pixel and the 2nd one bricked and both were RMA'd through the play store for brand new devices. someone755 "The Pixel is totally worth it, it's a great investment." You alone are proof of the contrary. Mix Just pop on over to GooglePixel on Reddit. Some people are on their 5th phone...when it works it works but my experience? This is the worst Android phone I have ever owned! My 3rd one has been great though so fingers crossed I am done RMA'ing it. someone755 Exactly. There are so many apologists out there of this phone that keep saying that the phone is worth its price, that other phones are just as flawed etc. Meanwhile there are hundreds if not thousands of customers like you. VAVAMk_2 Why? 2kool4skool Agreed, google gets their software right but their hardware could use a lot of improvement. JohnyNoLegs Yea like messenger, allo, duo, hangouts. And pixel now has apps you can't uninstall. Google will be the next Samsung! 2kool4skool Well, should I say partly right, then? JohnyNoLegs Let's just say Samsung does it better than google recently, and that's saying something. Btw I'm on pixel xl coming from note 7. iKon Any phone looks better than the Pixels because #Bezels Bojan Radovanović well, that is true, but it's not a picture to stand in front of it and admire how it looks... Ra1nb0wD4sh DE On my pictures the bezels (aka frames) are mostly wanted though... Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ If Samsung made the phone with stock Android, nobody except a bunch of geeks would buy it. Consumers want the features Samsung adds to Android. Mix Would the average user and purchaser of Samsung phones even know they had stock Android device? Probably not. Samsung makes mach better hardware but their updates and support after the sale freaking suck. Took something like 8 months for my SG6 phone to get an update since Google gives it to Samsung to add shit, then Telus gets to add shit, then I get it. That type of update system is pure trash. theProffer It's the same group of people that can't tell the difference between the new iPhones. You know, the ones Jimmy Kimmel makes fun of once a year. Middlefinger Samsung have to fix Googles mess first, because lets face it, Stock android is a buggy unreliable mess. You cant blame the OEMs for wanting to wait until the software is viable before they risk putting it on their customers devices. Google doesn't care, that's why the Nexus didnt sell well, and the pixel has needed fix after fix after fix. whispy_snippet No. Middlefinger Yes, but Google shills dont like to hear it. whispy_snippet Still no! Middlefinger Denial is pretty powerful. whispy_snippet Well, no. Every average Joe consumer would buy it PLUS a heap of stock Android nerds. Average consumers don't have a freakin clue what TouchWiz or stock Android even are. Who gives a shit anyway. It's never going to happen. Middlefinger Oh god no. Bargain basement software that isnt reliable isnt what people want. Im sure even a stock S8 would have less issues than the trouble prone Nexus and Pixel phones, but even so, it would be commercial suicide for Samsung to rely on an unfiltered Google experience. someone755 It would net them a few thousand customers though. I know I'd be switching to a Samsung if they only made some AOSP-style software possible. Middlefinger Apple could probably sell more iPhones if they had an Android version, but it still doesnt mean it will happen. It would cheapen the Samsung brand to launch an AOSP version, and the only people that would care could just run a custom ROM anyway. someone755 Agreed on all but that last part -- That's why I'm not already a Samsung customer, as they make great efforts to prevent people from running custom ROMs. Middlefinger and yet suck ROM exist, so.. xyz It was called a Galaxy Nexus. JohnyNoLegs I prefer Samsung software. My pixel xl is barron, has nothing in comparison. Can't wait to sell and get the s8 Cakefish The fact that I'm currently unemplyed will prevent me from giving in to my uncontrollable urges to always have the latest tech. S8 looks great. Switchable nav keys, 10nm processors, batteries that lose significantly less of their capacity over time. narrower dimensions for one-handed use, 64GB storage, and a Samsung equivalent to Google's HDR+ camera processing are my personal highlights. Cakefish P.S. for UK users you can get it on the 19th April if you preorder (8 days early). Also, UK pricing: S8 = £689.00, S8+ = £779.00 Middlefinger Yeah but will be cheap enough on contract which is how most people buy phones. Cakefish But I prefer to buy unlocked :( Lars Jeppesen Blame Brexit for that.. the phones are the same prices as the S7 for me here in Denmark Cakefish I do blame Brexit :( ddevito Nice phone, but no thanks. Perfectly comfy with my OP3. Then again I've never owned a Samsuck and never will james fuston jeeeesus the price point. S8 is anywhere from 720-750 and the S8+ is 850? We are getting dangerously close to breaking the 1K mark with standard configurations for phones. I can't justify paying twice the street price of an S7/S7E for one of these. This will be a hard pass for me. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ The LG G6 is $750 and the Pixel XL is $869, and those two phones look pitiful compared to the S8 and S8 Plus. What are you complaining about? Cakefish 21% (S8 vs S7) and 22% (S8+ vs S7 edge) price rises for UK (thanks Brexit) hkklife Pixel XL is the biggest rip-off on the market that's not made by Apple. Google was redefining the $/performance ratio back in 2012 and 2013 with the Nexus 4/5 and Nexus 7s. And then they got greedy and cozied back up to the carriers and went sky-high with their pricing. I'd love to see the BoM for HTC and Google on the Pixels. Gotta give Samsung credit for not jettisoning important features while truly redefining what a rectangular slab handset should be. I still think that the S8 line is one step from greatness---an unlocked model updated in a timely fashion with a 6/128GB RAM/storage variant for all markets and a 500mAh battery boost would make it a world-beater. David Williams I agree. The price point should not be surprising to anyone. james fuston The Pixel XL is $779. Not sure where you're pulling that extra $100 from. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ The 128 GB model is $869. There is no 64GB model. Regardless, the price differences aren't very big either way, and the Pixel XL doesn't hold a candle to the S8 Plus in terms of form OR function. james fuston Yeah, you're either entirely missing or intentionally glossing over the "standard configuration" part. Either way, I can tell you're all aboard the hype train for new technology by the amount of hyperbole you're spouting. Not sure why you felt like chiming in on my comment about the cost/value of the S8 vs the S7, but I think we're done here. Diego Kaku Why no one talks about the stupid position of the fingerprint scanner? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I hate the location of the fingerprint scanner on the S8/Plus. Absolutely despise it. But the rest of the phone is f'in amazing. And it's possible I'd end up using iris or facial recognition anyway. I'm not buying one, but that's only because I'm waiting for the Note 8. Fresh360 Well that was depressing, has all of those leaks left us jaded? What if there were no leaks and only whispers and then we saw a nearly bezel-less phone with a massive screen in a small body? I really think this preview would have had a very different tone. Suresh Aryal Nothing about speakers yet. GSMArena says it has stereo speakers. invinciblegod OH GOD MY OCD!! Those ports are not centered!!!!!!! Groud Frank Samsung Mobile is maturing as a tech company. It's no longer "Let's just copy Apple and cram features into our phones to compete with the iPhone." From Samsung Pass to Samsung Pay to Bixby to DeX, this is a beautiful phone with useful features. I can actually see this phone making my life easier, especially in the password management department. Less navigating, less touching, a focus on user experience and practicality - well done Samsung. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I think Samsung is going to break sales records with these phones. Max Gromada Well, they just "copied" those features: - google's HDR+, - the next iphone's screen proportions; - apple pay, - modern ai voice assistant (they've bought the company that had made the Siri), - apple's augmented reality tech - Nokia's / MS iris scanner. They're welcome to implement a feature-rich phone, but those innovations did not come from Samsung. Tech Writer -Combining multiple photos into one has been a thing much before google did it. Does anyone remember OPPO's 50MP super hi-def mode? Plus I'm sure the implementation is different than Pixel's HDR+. For example, this one works without HDR, and with HDR too. -Next iPhone's screen proportions? Dude, are you kidding me. Samsung is the one who is going to provide those screens to Apple. Plus, this phone is probably in development much before the iPhone. -Apple pay: No. Samsung pay uses MST, not NFC. It's a unique patented tech by looppay, which Samsung acquired. Apple can't even use it and hence Apple pay can't operate in legacy terminals. -modern ai voice assistant: Bixby is not a voice assistant. The phone has google assistant for that. Bixby is more of helper and tells you what is around you. It isn't meant to tell you a joke or search things, you have assistant for that. -apple's augmented reality tech: I really don't know what you are talking about. -Iris scanner: I'll give you that. Most of these are Samsung's own innovations, or acquisitions which are patented. Middlefinger Quite a bit of salt in this article. Samsungs nav buttons are not in the 'wrong' order, Googles are. Argue all you like but the fact remains its subjective and not objective. Im glad Samsung doesnt use Googles staid UX. and you cant complain about Samsung not being as innovative in the software as they are in the hardware and simultaneously get snarky about them not using Googles way of doing things. Google hasnt innovated a damn thing since ICS so if they did make a stock S8 it would be worse, based on your own claim. dabug91 Actually, you're wrong. When you use just about any web browser on the planet, where is the back button located? Top Left. Same for when you use just about any file explorer: Top Left. Same for when you use iOS devices, where do they generally place the back button? Top Left. It makes perfect sense for the back button to be on the left side of the device, because that IS the ergonomically and aesthetically superior place for it. You're wrong, get over yourself. Middlefinger Use with a mouse is different than touch use, and 2 handed touch use is different than one. You are comparing completely different UI element, so your point is invalid. dabug91 Actually, people's thumbs can very easily reach the bottom left hand side of their device, so your distraction about UI's is invalid and you're still wrong. Kys. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I hold my phone in my left hand, and use it with my right hand. The position of the back button makes no difference to me, but I like it on the right. It's not an objective thing. Give up trying to make it so. Middlefinger Right is still better for the most often used function. Given the option most people I know have that set up. Google cant be trusted to know whats best in a UI. This is the company that gave us material design, an admittedly pretty interface that gives you hardly any information per page. Its cumbersome, and this is proven by the fact that they cant even keep it consistent in their own apps, because it just doesnt work properly. Max Gromada Regarding 2-handed touch use, find the "Esc" key on your keyboard ) But, imho, when you're doing it all with your thumb, it does not matter what side the "back" key is placed. I was comfortable with the both layouts. AbbyZFresh I'm sure that this new phone will be a hot commodity likurges I was about to make a joke about the bezzels but there are none.. unlike on the pixel where I have parked my airplane, built a house and a f1 track with some space left. SAM While improvements are welcomed, battery and camera didn't get much attention this year. Lets hope after everything other is taken care of this year, battery and camera will be next. I have a feeling that with what google achieved in pixel's camera, next iPhone(maybe) and pixel 2 will blow the shit out of competition. Max Gromada Actually, the camera is improverd in S8: there is a multi-exposure mode, aka pixel's HDR+, a very welcome feature. SAM I really wish this is the case. They didn't talk much about camera in live stream. Ace Time to buy gs7 _jsw_ Is that the new Gear 360 I see in the background? It's in the image of the S8+ on the stand. Max Gromada Yes, they've introduced the new Gear 360 someone755 That's all great and all, but these prices are getting ridiculous. r0xp0x Too bad even the regular sized one is a tad bit too big for me, and I don't like having a fingerprint scanner on the back of the phone, but it sure is gorgeous. whispy_snippet The headline feature is a big, bezzeless display. Meh. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yeah, never mind the 835, the two types of wireless charging, the Samsung Pay, the HDR screen, the... oh, never mind. You wouldn't care, anyway. whispy_snippet No. I don't. They're just iterations on stuff Samsung always offers. They bring very little to the table that wasn't already there. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Then buy a Pixel. You'll love its football field sized bezels, and the wonderful halos in its pictures. Yeah, I keep hearing that halos are rare. Another site just published a comparison of 22 pictures between the LG G6 and the Pixel. 4 of the 22 Pixel pictures had halos. None of the G6 pictures had halos. So it's not so rare, unless you think 18% of photos is rare. whispy_snippet I have a Pixel. I've experienced the halo effect maybe twice ever. I barely see it because you don't generally shoot straight into strong light sources because it results in crappy shots with any camera. The most important thing for me is user experience. What's the device like to use and own on a daily basis? The Pixel is exceptional in this metric. Great software, great ergonomics, great camera, regular updates, excellent performance. The S8 looks really beautiful, but I see UX compromises everywhere. The off centre, rear mounted fingerprint scanner next to the camera; the glass back; the curved edge display; two voice assistants (yes, they don't fully overlap but Samsung's end goal will be to bump Google Assistant). The S8 is just another new phone. Semianonymous Having voice control over the camera can actually be pretty useful. I have the speak to capture feature enabled on my S7 and it's enabled me to capture some tricky shots that might not have turned out as nicely if I had moved my hand to take the shot. If it's intelligent enough to do stuff like recognize the target and focus/zoom etc, then that could be potentially be really cool. Renan I'd wish Samsung would made a flat version of this... I find the Edge... edges useless. mchalakov Dear Samsung, Just because you think that a curved screen is really cool(it is but just for a presentation) doesn't mean that everybody will like it. Also who the fuck decided it's a good idea to put the fingerprint reader there? Best wishes and less explosions, Yours (some) part of the Internet PVL_93_RU To think that if Samsung didn't keep the archaic home and capacitive buttons for as long as they did - many more of their devices could look just as beautiful as S8 Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 12 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 199 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 240 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 3 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 22 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 66 1 Year Ago Today Amazon Updates Its Policies To Ban USB Type-C Cables That Are Not Fully Spec Compliant 2016/03/29 8:29pm PDTMar 29, 2016 95 2 Years Ago Today Upbeat Monsters Icon Pack Fills Your Homescreen With Adorable Googly-Eyed Apps 2015/03/29 11:57am PDTMar 29, 2015 79 3 Years Ago Today Rumor: Google Now Will Help You Remember, Pay Your Bills [APK Teardown] 2014/03/29 11:55am PDTMar 29, 2014 69 4 Years Ago Today [New App] BBQScreen Mirrors Your Display On A Computer At 25FPS (Root Only) 2013/03/29 7:31pm PDTMar 29, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today WSJ: Google To Open Online Store This Year, Will Sell Tablets Independently Of Retailers (Perhaps With The Launch Of Jellybean) 2012/03/29 8:56pm PDTMar 29, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today Get Your Credit Cards Ready - Android In-App Billing System Now Live (P.S. Devs, No More Separate Lite/Paid Apps, Please) 2011/03/29 8:34pm PDTMar 29, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Upgrade Your Android Phone's External Storage With A-Data Turbo 16GB Class 6 MicroSD Card - Review And Benchmarks 2010/03/29 11:15pm PDTMar 29, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 110 queries | 0.490s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Articles l l Where Can You Find 4K Video for Your 4K TV? How to Add a Charging Station to Your Nightstand (Without Ruining It) How to Get the Best Picture Quality from Your HDTV Basic Computer Security: How to Protect Yourself from Viruses, Hackers, and Thieves Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search How to Turn Off Stats & Diagnostics Reporting on Google Wi-Fi By Craig Lloyd on March 29th, 2017 Many privacy-conscious users prefer to stop apps and devices from reporting diagnostics to their parent companies. We generally think these are useful features, but if you’d prefer to turn them off, here’s how to disable them on the Google Wi-Fi system. RELATED ARTICLE Should I Let Apps Send “Usage Statistics” and “Error Reports”? Most devices have something like this, and it lets the company know how you’re using the device and what you use it for, which in turn is supposed to help the company improve upon the software. Google says that Google Wi-Fi doesn’t track the websites you visit or collect any information sent over your Wi-Fi traffic, but rather “data such as Wi-Fi channel, signal strength, and device types that are relevant to optimize your Wi-Fi performance.” But if you’d rather not give them any information, it’s easy to disable. To do so, start by opening up the Google Wi-Fi app on your phone and tap on the tab with the settings gear icon and three other circles. Tap on “Network Settings”. Tap on “Privacy” at the bottom. There will be three different sections that you can disable, each one explaining what it does. Tap on the toggle switches off to the right to disable them. Keep in mind that turning off “Google Wi-Fi Cloud Services” will disable some features, including the ability to see how much bandwidth and data your network has used up over time. Once you’ve disabled the privacy settings, hit “Save” in the top-right corner. Overall you don’t really have a whole lot to worry about as far as Google collecting personal information from your Google Wi-Fi system, especially when Google is likely tracking a lot more severe things, but it never hurts to disable the privacy settings anyway just to be safe. JOIN THE DISCUSSION Tweet Craig Lloyd writes about smarthome for How-To Geek, and is an aspiring handyman who loves tinkering with anything and everything around the house. He's also a mediocre gamer, aviation geek, baseball fan, motorcyclist, and proud introvert. Published 03/29/17 DID YOU KNOW? In South Africa, 3.5″ floppy disks are referred to as “stiffy disks” (as opposed to the use of the term “floppy” for the 5.25″ disks that preceded them). BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow PC Running Windows 7, 8, or 10 How to Use Your Smartphone as a Home Security Camera 5 Ways to Type Faster on Your Smartphone’s Touch Keyboard How to Send and Receive Faxes Online Without a Fax Machine or Phone Line What is 3D Touch and Why it Will Change How you Use Mobile Devices How to Share Files Between Windows, Mac, and Linux PCs on a Network What’s the Best Antivirus for Windows 10? (Is Windows Defender Good Enough?) How to Find and Remove Duplicate Files on Windows Beware: Never Download “Codecs” or “Players” To Watch Videos Online Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Politics Tech selected Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Technology Technology Samsung Galaxy S8 - but is it art? The internet reacts By Leo Kelion Technology desk editor 29 March 2017 From the section Technology Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-39430228 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Samsung compared its new phone designs to art Samsung would have you believe it has redefined smartphone design with its latest top-end handsets, the Galaxy S8 and the S8+. It's true they appear sleeker than before thanks to a decision to elongate their screens, make the home buttons "invisible" and put the fingerprint sensors on the back. But for all the talk of "infinity displays" and "works of art", they remain oblong mobiles that are hard to mistake for anything else. More evolution than revolution, perhaps. Potentially more groundbreaking is the inclusion of a new virtual assistant - Bixby - that can see as well as hear. Samsung now plans to roll it out to its TVs and other electronics. And critically, the firm must now avoid another exploding battery debacle or some other misstep if it is to retain consumer confidence. So, what did internet pundits and the public make of the launch? Media captionWATCH: Samsung explains the benefits of its new design and Bixby Techcrunch The screen monopolises around 80% of the phone's front, by Samsung's count... Like the Note before it, it's pretty impressive how much phone the company has managed to cram into a relatively thin piece of real estate that's 1.5mm slimmer than its predecessor. Verge These phones are incredibly well-designed. There are no seams, only the barest of camera bumps, and everything seems milled down to sub-millimetre tolerances. They feel inevitable in a way that almost becomes boring. Quartz The device comes with a glaring omission: a physical home button... In forsaking the button, Samsung has beat its major competitor to the punch. Journalists and analysts have long speculated that Apple's next iPhone will also remove the home button. Mashable I'm not upset the fingerprint sensor is on the back. I'm annoyed at precisely where Samsung decided to put it: off-centre, next to the 12-megapixel camera… The biggest problem is, of course, how smudged up the rear camera lens will get from your finger if you miss and touch it instead. Pocket-lint When Bixby does eventually launch, you'll get a similar experience to Google Assistant but Bixby aims to go that little bit further, helping you control your device and find other information. Based on what we saw, Bixby seems to be very capable and worth the wait. Business Insider In a controlled demo of an early version of Bixby that Samsung showed me last week, I didn't see much promise... I'm also not convinced that talking to your phone is always better than using the controls on the screen, and I'm definitely not convinced this is the solution to Samsung's confusing user-interface problems. Wall Street Journal Samsung faces gigantic competition in getting other apps, services and devices to join in. Bixby competes with Apple's Siri, Google's Assistant, Amazon's Alexa and Microsoft's Cortana. There just won't be enough space on the island for all of them - and Bixby is last to arrive. Cnet Fail and Bixby will be a laughing stock. Succeed and Samsung can wiggle a little more from Google's Android grasp. Galaxy S8 hides home button and adds AI First look at Samsung's S8 phones Is the S8 Samsung's most important phone yet? Samsung mulls 'exploding' Note 7 relaunch Twitter Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Samsung says it is hard to see where the screen ends and the Galaxy S8's frame begins I should have waited a year. Iris scanner and Bixby are the standout features. @DJXeidy21 Samsung and LG must [have] had the same meeting about their new phones. Look almost the same, and expensive. @Tevosilverfox Wow the new #Samsung #GalaxyS8 is £689!! That's ridiculously expensive. @Capt_tuBBymAN As a Galaxy Edge user, I love the Infinity Display on the #GalaxyS8. Bigger screen, longer battery life, and waterproof? Yes, please. @jcnyc_ Nice Galaxy S8 but I'm more interested in a phone that doesn't crack when I drop it, wasn't looking for more sides to smash. @Lou_LouD Bixby sounds like a butler from a stately manor. Fetch the car Bixby I am heading to the city. @WendyWings First one that makes an app to remap the Bixby button on the Galaxy S8 to Google Assistant wins my $$$ @MKBHD Reddit Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Samsung opted to keep a headphone jack in its new phones Headphone jack! Headphone jack! Sorry Apple, trading in my 6S for this beauty. _EventHorizon_ Looks highly incremental spec wise. Would have preferred an edge-less model. bukithd The battery capacity especially is a let down. I get that the physical dimensions aren't very big, but a 6in+ screen should have a bigger battery than what this has. dyyni The software didn't look horrific, like in the past. It might not be so bad. CelestialWarrior Will these burn your house down too? McMeaty Facebook Image copyright Reuters Image caption The new phones will be released on 21 April Shots fired!!! Let's see how Apple answers. I'm not a Samsung fan but good job! Let's just hope they don't have battery issues like the last one. Javier Lopez Disappointed! Specs are nothing like I was hoping for. No 4K screen, no improvement on camera/video quality. Same amount of RAM. There's very little difference between this and the S7 Edge. I'll stick to my theory of always skip a generation of phones. Jim Jackson Me: Bixby, trade in my S7 Edge to S8+. Bixby: Sell your kidneys to me... Henry Dazo Jr Related Topics Artificial intelligence Mobile phones and smartphones Samsung Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 29 March 2017 Video Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+: First look 29 March 2017 Samsung: Is Galaxy S8 the firm's most important phone yet? 29 March 2017 Related Internet links Samsung The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites Top Stories Ministers set out Brexit sovereignty plan Measures to end the supremacy of EU law come after the government formally triggered Brexit. 30 March 2017 Land search in missing helicopter probe 30 March 2017 Lloyd's of London confirms Brussels base 30 March 2017 Features Did this alleged Russian spy help Trump win election? Dying in prison: Two women's stories The wine detective battling counterfeiters 'The 999 call-out that changed my life' Video Why this girl didn't speak at school until she was seven Video Feeling lonely? It might be your house Video The US president who can't rest in peace Portraits of the Great War: Searching for descendants News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech selected Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Articles l l How to Add a Charging Station to Your Nightstand (Without Ruining It) How to Get the Best Picture Quality from Your HDTV Basic Computer Security: How to Protect Yourself from Viruses, Hackers, and Thieves What’s the Difference Between the PlayStation 4, PlayStation 4 Slim, and PlayStation 4 Pro? Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search How to Customize Your Google Assistant Daily Briefing Google Assistant introduced a useful new feature called “My Day” that gives you a handy summary of your day, including weather, traffic, and even some news. All you have to say is “Ok Google, good morning.” Unfortunately, while handy, the default settings are a pretty long barrage of information you might not need. Here’s how to customize your briefing. There are five categories of information that you can include in your daily briefing: the current weather, your work commute, the next meeting on your calendar, your reminders, and you can finish the whole thing off with a selection of news. You can even pick your news from a variety of sources and topics. To customize your daily briefing, open up the Google Home app on your phone and tap the Menu button. Then tap “More settings.”   Scroll down and tap “My day.” On this page, you’ll see checkboxes for all the types of information Google can include in your daily briefing. You can turn on just the ones you want. You’ll also see a gear icon next to Weather, where you can choose whether your temperature is read in Celsius or Fahrenheit, and one next to “Work commute” where you can set your home and work addresses. For most of the categories, you can simply turn them on and off. For News, however, you have a lot more options. If you don’t want to hear any news after your briefing, tap “Nothing additional.” If you want to customize the news you hear, however, tap the gear icon next to News. Here, you’ll see a list of news sources that will play after your briefing. Each source is typically a short, 2-5 minute audio episode summarizing the news from that particular outlet of the day. Some companies like the Wall Street Journal and NPR offer several different shows you can listen to, on topics like technology or politics. On this page, you can tap the X next to any source to remove it from your briefing. If you want to change which ones you hear first, tap Change Order at the top of the screen. If you want to find different shows to listen to, scroll to the bottom of this page and tap “Add news sources.” From there, you can scroll through a list of news shows to find the ones you like. Each one will have a short description, letting you know what you’re going to get. Tap the checkbox next to the show name to add it to your list. Once you’ve picked your news sources, they should show up in your briefing the next time you ask for it. Each news show updates at a different interval, so you may want to add a few just to make sure there’s always something new in your briefing. JOIN THE DISCUSSION Tweet Eric Ravenscraft covers smarthome tech for How-To Geek. He's a problem solver who never learned to say no to a project. When he's not fixing things, he's cosplaying at cons, playing video games, and watching too many comic book movies. You can follow him on Twitter or Instagram. Published 03/29/17 DID YOU KNOW? A “Quaker gun” is a deception tactic that was common in warfare during the 18th and 19th centuries wherein defending soldiers would paint logs black to give the illusion that they were real cannons. The name is derived from the nickname for the Religious Society of Friends (or “Quakers”) and their religious opposition to war and violence. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK How to Fax a Document From Your Smartphone How to Calibrate Your Laptop’s Battery For Accurate Battery Life Estimates What Is a “Zero-Day” Exploit, and How Can You Protect Yourself? 7 Ways To Free Up Hard Disk Space On Windows The Ultimate Guide to Changing Your DNS Server Are Chromebooks the New Netbooks, and What Does That Mean? 7 Ways To Free Up Disk Space on Your OS X Mac 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow PC Running Windows 7, 8, or 10 How to Stream Every NFL Game Live, Without Cable Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks Windows10CreatorsUpdate SamsungDeX GalaxyS8 FCCPrivacyData Menu Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Mobile Apps/ Google Calendar Arrives on iPad Google Calendar Arrives on iPad By Angela Moscaritolo March 29, 2017 02:57pm EST 10 Comments The new iPad version boasts "all the Calendar features you know and love," plus the ability to search your Calendar from you tablet's home screen. Good news for iPad owners who happen to use Google Calendar: The two now play nice. Google on Wednesday launched its popular Calendar app for Apple tablets. The app boasts "all the Calendar features you know and love," now optimized for the iPad, plus the ability to search your Calendar from the home screen with Spotlight Search, Google Calendar Product Manager Sharon Stovezky wrote in a blog post. The app also includes a fairly new smart scheduling feature called Find a Time, which aims to take the pain out of scheduling meetings. You can also add personal goals to your Calendar—like to run four times a week—and the app will help you find time to make that happen. It integrates with other calendars on your device, including Exchange and iCloud, so you can keep track of all your appointments in one place. Plus, events from Gmail—including flights, hotel reservations, concerts, and restaurant reservations—are automatically added to your calendar. You can easily switch between views to see what you have scheduled for the day, week, or month, and create Reminders and view them alongside your events. Related New iPad vs. iPad Pro 9.7-Inch: Apple Tablet Showdown New iPad vs. iPad Pro 9.7-Inch: Apple Tablet Showdown "Stay tuned for more updates, like a Today View Widget to easily see your upcoming events in the Notification Center and on the lock screen (coming soon!)," Stovezky wrote. The free Calendar app for iOS is available in the App Store. The app also works on iPhones and iPod touch devices running iOS 9.0 or later. Meanwhile, if you're in the market for an iPad, Apple last week announced a new, $329 iPad model. Back to top Previous : Apple Starts Rejecting Apps if Name Includes Price By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela Ultimate Ears Speaker Will Survive Your Rowdiest Pool Party The 'pint-sized' Bluetooth speaker comes in a bunch of fun colors, has a 10-hour battery life, is wa... More » Donald Trump Now Uses an iPhone The president's social media director and senior advisor Dan Scavino Jr on Tuesday evening tweeted t... More » Surprise! Uber Workforce Skews Heavily White, Male Uber's diversity problem is perhaps most apparent when looking at the makeup of its tech leadership ... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles The Best Amazon Alexa Skills Everything Leaving Netflix in April New iPad vs. iPad Pro 9.7-Inch: Apple Tablet Showdown Two-Factor Authentication: Who Has It and How to Set It Up The Coolest Cases, Mounts, and Stands for Amazon Echo 23 Cool Tricks and Secret Gems Inside Facebook Messenger »See More //Discover... Meet the Robots Who Are Scarily Close to Being Human 22 Things You Didn't Know Your Chromecast Could Do 13 Secret Codes That Unlock Hidden Features on Your Phone »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search What is Samsung Connect Home and how does it work? Elyse Betters29 March 2017Smart Home Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Our homes are filled with connected devices, and yet, many people lack basic connectivity while at home. To address this problem, Samsung introduced a new product: Samsung Connect Home. While at its special Galaxy Unpacked event in March, Samsung described Samsung Connect Home as a "premium router and IoT hub in one". The company has essentially entered the mesh Wi-Fi router space, just like Google recently did with Google Wifi. Here’s everything you need to know about how Samsung's offering works. Samsung Galaxy S8: The 5.8-incher that's small enough for everyone Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus: 6-inches plus, but perfectly manageable What is Samsung Connect Home? At its core, Samsung Connect Home provides mesh-based Wi-Fi to boost your connectivity at home. With a mesh router, you can get online anywhere in your house. There will be no more spots where connectivity is slowed or just doesn't reach. Imagine being able to stream in the living room and kitchen while someone else games in the basement - all without any contest for bandwidth or Wi-Fi congestion. Another unique aspect of Samsung Connect Home is that it doubles as an Internet of Things Hub, meaning it allows different connected devices from different manufacturers to communicate with each other, and you can control them all through a smartphone app. Keep in mind Samsung bought the SmartThings home automation firm in 2014, and it makes a SmartThings IoT hub. The new Samsung Connect Home router basically has a built-in SmartThings hub, which removes the need to purchase a separate hub. How does Samsung Connect Home work? Mesh Wi-Fi Samsung Connect Home is designed to be expandable. It will be sold on its own or in a three-pack, just like Google Wifi, so you can put several of these routers around your home to boost your entire network. You will get Wi-Fi signal everywhere, from your bathroom to your basement. So, instead of one router, multiple routers work together to create a mesh network that delivers fast input throughout your house. You'll use one Samsung Connect Home as a base to broadcast your signal and then use the other two in the bundle to extend that network throughout your house. Samsung said that each individual unit can cover up to 1,500 square feet, which is what Google Wifi also promises. Each unit also comes with 512MB of RAM and 4GB of storage. However, there are two versions of the Samsung Connect Home. The "standard" Samsung Connect Home has a 2 x 2 MU-MIMO antenna array and a slower 710MHz quad-core processor at AC1300 (capped speeds of 866Mbps in the 5GHz spectrum), while the "Pro" version has a 4 x 4 antenna and a faster 1.7GHz dual-core chip. It supports quad-band 802.11ac at AC2600 (capped speeds of 1.7Gbps). The Pro offers 1,500-square feet coverage but doesn’t come in a three-pack. Both versions also have two RJ-45 Ethernet ports on the back. IoT hub Samsung Connect Home removes the need for Samsung's separate SmartThings Hub. Because Samsung Connect Home has a SmartThings hub built in, it can directly communicate with connected gadgets over Bluetooth 4.1, Wi-Fi, Zigbee, or Z-wave. These gadgets include things like Philips Hue lights, Netgear Arlo security cameras, and Samsung appliances. Once set up, you can control all these with a mobile app. Does Samsung Connect Home have an app? Yes, there is an app experience for Samsung Connect Home. It appears to be integrated into Samsung smartphones, working on the same system that you'd use to control devices connected to your phone, like Bluetooth headphones, or the same system you can use to connect to your Samsung TV. Whether Samsung will split this app experience out to other devices so that Samsung Connect Home isn't dependent on using a Samsung smartphone, we don't know. Samsung also confirmed that there would be Bixby support, so you'll be able to control everything connected to your Samsung Connect Home using your voice. What is Bixby? Samsung's smart AI explained We will keep you posted when we learn more. How much is Samsung Connect Home? Samsung didn't announce pricing information. When will Samsung Connect Home be available? Samsung didn't announce a release date or which markets will get Samsung Connect Home. Sections Samsung Smart Home Amazon Echo review: It's all about Alexa Hive review: The British Gas system that's the hub of all things Dyson 360 Eye review: Finally, a robotic vacuum that really works What is Samsung Connect Home and how does it work? Popular In Smart Home On Pocket-lint What is Samsung Connect Home and how does it work? What is Google Home, how does it work, and when can you buy it? Google Home review: A better voice assistant than Amazon Echo? 6 best Google Home compatible devices you can buy today Google Home UK release date and price revealed Ikea goes after Philips Hue with own budget smart lighting collection What Philips Hue smart bulbs are there and which should you buy? OK Google, tell Neato robot to start cleaning Grohe Sense can help protect your home from flooding and water damage 12 best Amazon Echo compatible devices you can buy today What is Bixby? Samsung's smart AI explained Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Galaxy S7 edge: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs LG G6: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Galaxy S7: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus: What's the difference? What is Facebook Stories and how does it work? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs S6 vs S6 edge: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Pixel vs Pixel XL: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8: Release date, specs and everything you need to know What is Google Assistant, how does it work, and which devices offer it? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google Calendar now available for Apple iPad With a version of the tool optimized for the iPad, users get access to machine intelligence-powered features they previously missed out on. By Stephanie Condon for Between the Lines | March 29, 2017 -- 18:30 GMT (11:30 PDT) | Topic: Productivity Users can search their Calendar from the iPad home screen with Spotlight Search. Google Calendar is finally optimized for the Apple iPad, Google announced in blog post Wednesday. Google has offered an iOS version of Calendar for around two years, but it was tailored for the iPhone. Now, iPad users can take advantage of all of Calendar's offerings, including the new features powered by machine intelligence. Calendar project manager Sharon Stovezky noted some of those features in Wednesday's blog post, including the ability to find a time for a meeting and book a room. Calendar also helps you set Goals and achieve them. Users can search their Calendar from the iPad home screen with Spotlight Search, and Google will be adding more features soon, such as a Today View Widget to easily see upcoming events in the Notification Center and on the lock screen. Google refurbished its office tools with machine intelligence late last year, at the same time it rebranded those tools (including Calendar) as G Suite. More intelligent and useful G Suite tools gives Google a better pitch to give enterprise customers, which could lead those customers to Google Cloud. Apple, for its part, has tried to market the iPad for business users, but its sales have nevertheless waned. VIDEO: With eye on enterprise, Google revamps Hangouts Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Collaboration Digital workplace update: Why enterprise collaboration is exciting again Reviews Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Finally, an Android tablet built with enterprise users in mind Innovation After liftoff, Samsung's Galaxy S8 will face many unknowns Enterprise Software Citrix ShareFile, First Take: An enterprise-class managed file transfer service × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Don't Freak Out Google's mobile-first index is (still) months away Not So Exact Google to further dilute exact match in AdWords Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Local Sign up for weekly recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google says it has now tracked 4 billion store visits from ads The company says thousands more advertisers will gain access to store visits data as a result of improved measurement techniques and machine learning-powered modeling. Ginny Marvin on March 29, 2017 at 1:09 pm More Google has been ramping its efforts to tie clicks on ads to store traffic. On Wednesday, the search giant said it has now captured over four million store visits after users have clicked on an ad, up from one billion a little less than a year ago, and is set to rapidly expand that number. In September, Google extended the now two-year old store visits measurement program to ads on the Display Network and said it had statistically significant visibility into visits to 200 million stores globally. The company says it is now positioned to make store visits data available to thousands more advertisers due to advancements in several components of the measurement process. Google measures store visits based on aggregated and anonymized data from users who opt into Location History tracking on their phones, Google surveys and mapping technology. (For more background on how Google captures store visits data, see Under The Hood: How Google AdWords Measures Store Visits and Google’s Surojit Chatterjee: Here’s Why You Should Trust AdWords Estimated Store Visits.) The company says that in the past month, it has shifted to using deep learning models that can train on larger data sets to increase accuracy in prioritizing location signals. “This allows us to reliably measure more store visits in contexts that are typically tricky, such as in multi-story malls and dense geographies where many business locations are situated close to each other,” Kishore Kanakamedala, director of product management for online-to-offline solutions, wrote in Wednesday’s blog post. Recent mapping improvements include a refresh of Google Earth and Google Street View images to get up-to-date views of where buildings begin and end, as well as a global effort to scan WiFi strength in more buildings to determine business boundaries. Google surveys some users to verify the locations they’ve visited and then reconciles that feedback against its predictions to continue training the models. In addition, Google says it now has teams that conduct in-person audits and site visits, particularly in high store density areas, to provide more data. In November, Google added store visits data to distance and location reports in AdWords to provide more detail on how far users were from a store location when they clicked on an ad and what areas drive the highest volume of store visits, down to the postal code. About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Related Topics Channel: LocalGoogleGoogle: AdWordsGoogle: Maps & LocalGoogle: Mobile Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Guide to Google My Business For Multi-Location Brands Guide to Review Response AI: The Next Generation of Marketing Five Best Practices for Preparing In-House IT for Corporate Video Workflows Channel Marketing Transformation: A Tactical Guide to Upgrading Your Channel Marketing Program See More Whitepapers Webinars National Brands & Local Search: Use insights to drive actions The Value of a Happy Customer: Action steps to a great customer experience How to Use Network Data to Turn Bad Inputs into Gold See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google is retiring Google Talk for good, also shutting down several Gmail Labs Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/03/24 10:46am PDTMar 24, 2017 70 Plus 1 on G+ 158 Share on Facebook 105 Share on Twitter Total Shares333 Applications Google News Before there was Allo and Duo, before Hangouts was unveiled, there was Google Talk. In some ways, it was better than the Hangouts platform that replaced it. Talk had a real desktop app, and if you didn't like it, you could use any XMPP client to communicate. You could even send messages to users on other XMPP-powered services - a huge difference from today's proprietary messaging services. Google Talk was ultimately updated to Hangouts in 2013, but some of Google Talk's services still remained active. Today, Google announced in a blog post that the remains of Talk are being completely shut down. The Android app will stop functioning as of today, and for people still using the Talk widget in Hangouts, it will switch over to Hangouts on June 26. Google Talk's old XMPP support still remains in use today, because it's the only way to send and receive Hangouts messages outside of the official mobile apps and Chrome extension. Google says Hangouts will continue to support 1-on-1 chats with XMPP, but XMPP federation with other services will "no longer be supported" starting June 26. Beyond Google Talk, the company is also retiring a few Gmail Labs, citing Gmail Add-ons as an alternative for G Suite users. The labs being shut down include Authentication Icon, Google Voice Player, Picasa previews, Pictures in chat, Quick Links, Quote Selected Text, Smartlabels, and Yelp previews. Finally, Google is removing two legacy G+ features in Gmail - the ability to email Google+ profiles, and the use of Google+ circles. See the source link below for more details. Source: G Suite Updates Tags Gmail gmail lab gmail labs Google Talk gtalk hangouts talk xmpp subscribe ... Previous Story You can now pre-order the Moto G5 Plus from Amazon, Best Buy, Motorola, B&H, and Ting ... Next Story T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments jonzey231 Didn't even realize it was still live. Chris crap, now I'm going to have to dig up my icq number. basteagow I don't know how, but I still remember mine. Artem Russakovskii Same. It's ingrained in my memory because I had one before I even had a social security number. Sir_Brizz I've had mine since high school. Still remember it. Impulse_Vigil Same, tho I never memorized it... ICQ and IRC were like my primary means of communication all thru high school, didn't even have a phone until like senior year. Wayne Moyer I still remember my six digit one. privatedick I still remember my 8-digit ICQ number and I have no clue why. Wayne Moyer Because numbers are sometimes easy to remember. Brian Demodulated Uh oh! 4Ui812 Next week : Google reintroduces Google Talk renames it Google Friends. JD But with all the things that made people like the app are gone, but it has 20 more sticker packs! Elizabethcparker Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dt156c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !dt156c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs446DigitalTotalGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dt156c:....,..... Leonardo Price I was paid 104000 bucks previous 12 months by doing an internet job furthermore I was able to do it by w­orking in my own time f­o­r quite a few hours regularly. I used work opportunity I found on the web and also I am excited that I was succeed to make such great money. It's actually newbie-friendly and I am so pleased that I discovered out about it. Look out for what I do... http://www.doshort.com/58qY n_a_v DOA if no SMS fallback K77bkny And a week after that they shut it down and reintroduce Google Friends with a secondary app called family and third app called associate. Browningate ...and announces one hour later that Google Friends will be shut down within the next twenty minutes and all user data will be lost. 4Ui812 🤣🤣🤣🤣 DirkBelig Well, this explains why today felt no different from any other day. John So Hangouts will also remain a consumer service. Along with Allo, Duo, Messages, and Voice. They have a plan, right? They must, right? Corbin Davenport Hangouts isn't going away for consumers, but they really want consumers to switch to Allo/Duo. xeratun Hangouts isn't going away for consumers*, but they really want consumers to switch to Allo/Duo. *yet They aren't gonna pull out the rug, but do seem to be slowly removing uses for it. Once Talk and SMS are gone, then Fi/Voice is the last thing forcing it to stay a consumer service. And the Voice app started getting updates, so I wouldn't be surprised to see Fi integrate with that. If that happens then I would be surprised if they don't start pushing people to switch. EcE Probably "for now" is missing from that statement. If they port everything (chat history, contacts, etc) from Hangouts to Allo and make a desktop/web client, I'm "ok" with this. But I know it won't happen. Total Insecurity It will happen. Some day. M. Luciano Most of that's coming, chat history that follows multiple devices and survives resets is difficult but obviously possible. Difficult to do without making the Google sign in required, but it is doable. EcE I tried using Allo, not one single person I know was interested in trying it. I mostly use hangouts for my communications, I don't see how will those people move from Hangouts if Google doesn't "force" them to switch before eventually killing the service... which I can definitely see happening. trwnh If Hangouts dies, my de facto primary communication channel will be Twitter DMs. A real shame more people don't use Wire or Sid or even Signal. I hope RCS makes federated universal messaging a reality. :/ Sir_Brizz RCS is more than likely "hopelessly misguided" since the carriers won't just support it but control it. Sir_Brizz How is this "difficult" when Google have been doing it for years with Google Talk and Hangouts? M. Luciano Those required a Google account and acceptance of privacy policy, etc. Allo had the later, but not everyone wants all their stuff on Google's servers. Sir_Brizz I'm not saying it necessarily needs to be on by default. I brought this up on G+ with Ian Lake as well that it makes no sense that the already existent optional connection to your Google Account can't also enable a bunch of additional features like account access (anyone with your email can invite you to chat with them), history, etc. that are all options you can enable or disable. It makes no sense at all that Hangouts was developed as Gmail account based and was awful at phone number based features and Allo is exactly opposite. Why can't Allo be decent at both? M. Luciano I agree with you I large, but I'm describing how it stands, rather than how it ought to go. Impulse_Vigil So much this. humulos No they don't. If they wanted us to they would have given Allo/Duo the same features that Hangouts has had. Total Insecurity It will have the same features, besides video chatting (But Duo covers that, so it's not a problem at all). Luxferro Can i call and text from my computer, and all my other android devices? Nope... This is the #1 reason it sucks and i'll never use it. humulos If it doesn't right now, then there's no reason to have released it as a finished app. No synced messages, no web app, no deal. Total Insecurity I understand your point. But establishing such features seems to be hard for Google while keeping the new ones. humulos Which is a problem. Apple releases new features for iMessage and Facetime without ever removing features, their users never have to worry about how they are keeping in touch because it's handled very well. Google acts like the products they make are just fun projects that they can start and stop at will without repercussion, which is a very frustrating mindset for users. h4rr4r So it lacking 1/3rd of the methods is the same features? I will just switch to skype. Total Insecurity Skype may have more features than Duo, but it certainly isn't as secure as Duo with its lack of end-to-end encryption. Duo on the other side has this encryption. 😎 h4rr4r I don't believe it. Unless it asks the user to provide keys the first time and a password each time it starts I just don't trust it. All of these services are more than happy to MITM your calls for anyone that pays. Total Insecurity That's a wrong mindset you got there. Google sells data, yes. But just data without connection to each other, also made private and different data to different companies, because that is how Google makes it money. It secures the data they have of people using their services and makes sure just tiny bits which cannot be connected to each other are sold for special companies. They wouldn't want to share with the CIA, for example, because the CIA could sell it on to others which are not trusted by Google and they could compromise user data (which would be the worst possible scenario for Google if it was made public!). So I am going to trust Google. Not completely. But in many situations. Nuno G. Sorry, but in my country no one is using Allo instead of Hangouts when they need "register" their mobile number to use it. I won't. They already use Messenger or WhatsApp for that. Beside that, the majority of average Joe android user in my country don't even use Hangouts, and no way they know that Allo even exists!!! Simple as that!!! Google has to merge every message app they own, Allo/Hangouts/talk/messages/Duo (did I miss another app?) in one single app!!!! wittyname9000 I wouldn't mind as long as I can login in on multiple devices including desktop. jcopernicus They're probably moving all the beanbags from the Hangouts team to the Allo team so they can get to work doing nothing. Álvaro B I guess, dunno. In the end, this is what happens when you try to force Google+ down everyone's throat and extend its slimy tendrils into every single service you have in catalog so people have no choice other than begrudgingly use it. Now it's taking them YEARS to undo all the mess and have services working mostly independently again. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yes, they plan to release another messaging app next week to replace all those. J. Gilbertson **Looks at Google+ then to Google** Finish Him! 7-down You shut your dirty mouth, you peasant fool! ike3232 :( humulos Any chance that them doing away with this will improve functionality for Hangouts? SyCoREAPER Didn't you see the news? Hangouts is being further downgraded next month removing SMS functionality for non-Project Fi users. humulos As a Fi user, this is a horrifyingly realistic situation that keeps me awake at night. Impulse_Vigil They'll have to figure something out for Fi users before they ever take that away completely... Tho I can't see how outside of a separate app, unless Allo gets not just RCS support but true SMS fallback. Is there such a thing as an RCA only client? Not like they've even talked about RCS for Fi... jcopernicus It's amazing that Google Talk on Honeycomb has a better tablet layout than Hangouts on Nougat. Corbin Davenport Yep. And Hangouts on the iPad has a better layout, too. SyCoREAPER TF are you smoking? Corbin Davenport This is Hangouts on the iPad: https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6d2ea586343e18d2c70fbe63f858149dd962d6214f30b80d72a44b5b913120e5.jpg And this is Hangouts on Android tablets: https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ba9a6928ec2a5a70164dbb850b1505622f6ec18f9e88fe266d5a08de39215e2a.png jcopernicus It's even more hilarious, because Hangouts DID have a layout like that briefly on android tablets. Prezes Dyrektor Indeed it was there and then wtf happened? ArrTooDeeToo Hey, @LiamSpradlin:disqus , can you please use your Design Relation superpowers to help Make Tablet Apps Great Again? Seriously, I feel like Google doesn't understand that in order to encourage developers to make apps work well on tablets, they need to set the standard. How can Gmail be so awesome, and Hangouts is such a mess (yet the iPad has an awesome tablet experience)?? Sometimes I think Google has things so backwards. Adrian Meredith Then google remembered that it hates tablets and has seemingly gone out of their way to make them fail M. Luciano Tested more or less this layout on the Nexus 9 last year. Not sure why it never went live. Abhilash Bingi Coz Google doesn't give a shit about Android Tablets. Oh wait, maybe they do! They did move the navigation buttons to the edges! /s M. Luciano Yeah the 7.1.2 and O dev preview both brought some significant UI enhancements to my Pixel C... I think they have a direction for tablets, but tablets are being used MUCH more by businesses than by consumers for content consumption, other than the e-reader evolution devices. SyCoREAPER I have mixed feelings about it. Yea it's faster to switch conversation but it gives me nightmares because it looks like Facebook chat back in the day K77bkny Hilarious, freaking Google is run by the deaf, dumb and blind. Leeav Amar Most tablet-focused apps from the Honeycomb era were better than tablet-focused apps on Nougat now. It's as if Google cut their losses and admitted defeat after Honeycomb. ICS, JB, KK, LP, MM and Nougat all increasingly focused away from tablet-friendly design - that peaked with Android 3.2.6...Here's hoping Android 8.x.x change some things and that Google's own apps at least embrace that... Richard Branches I think Google Talk came too late when the hype for MSN Messenger was still going on and it didn't catch too many users when that service was shut down back in 2013 either... marmaduke25 Shame Quick Links lab setting for Gmail is being removed. I rely on it for saved mail searches. Is there an alternative? Willie D Google has lost its identity since Google Buzz and Google Wave. They have created things we need and use, then take them away, or worse, taken them away and brought them back to life in the convoluted way we used to use them before they were changed into something that was taken away. Google Voice-HangoutsSMS-Messages-GoogleVoice comes to mind. Miguel Angel I loved this in comparison to Yahoo Messenger. Gtalks desktop client was clean and simple. But everyone I knew back then used Yahoo.. JD It's Spring Cleaning over at Google, anything that once worked and works well must go go go to make way more for trash. Dennis Bareis They are getting rid of circles? Or is there an ability to email circles now? If they get rid of circles I'll probably stop using it. Wayne Moyer The way it reads they are only getting rid of circles access in Gmail but not in G+. They are continuing the separation of G+ from all of their other products. As a heavy user of G+ (we do exist) it was also something that caught my attention. Sir_Brizz Gmail never really leveraged them well enough, anyway. And Circles kind of got left in the dust for Collections anyway... Dennis Bareis I'm guessing you post public all the time. Collections and circles aren't even close to being related. Collections are a poor way of grouping items for readers (a post can ONLY be in a single collection) and circles is a way of controlling who can read your posts. Impulse_Vigil That's how I always understood it, and it's one of G+ true unique aspects. Too bad they never really advertised it well enough to catch people's attention... Sir_Brizz I do. I'm not saying Circles are useless but they did kind of get replaced by Communities and Collections. Dennis Bareis Thanks, GMAIL/INBOX needs a way to email groups of users. Is there another way to do the same thing? If so anyway to import that list from Google+? Ismael Rodriguez I can see Duo standing on it's own, barely, but I can see it. With allow, they should have waited until the G Suite split of Hangouts was done and then converted Hangouts into Allo; keeping the important features and just changing the layout, theme, and behind-the-scenes functions, so they can keep/transition their non-business consumer base using a single messaging app AND still have us happy with all the features we enjoyed. Now, please excuse me while I take a breather from that long ass run-on sentence. XD Sir_Brizz No because at I/O this year they are going to release Allo Spaces. Grey Google created a huge clusterfuck by not ending Talk instantly. For months after I had friends who were still on Google Talk - talking to friends still on Google Talk - and missing friends who switched to Hangouts to message them. At least now they make an entirely new chat service, so no one switches to it and can message their friends on it. It just means no one uses it. jaduncan > Google Talk's old XMPP support still remains in use today, because it's the only way to send and receive Hangouts messages outside of the official mobile apps and Chrome extension. Google says Hangouts will continue to support 1-on-1 chats with XMPP, but XMPP federation with other services will "no longer be supported" starting June 26. Google Talk XMPP federation was already de facto dead; pretty much all modern XMPP servers require encrypted connection, and the GTalk servers were on such an ancient codebase that they didn't support the XEP standards required. Craig Nelson I didn't even know G Talk was still alive? Wow, thought Google shut that down long time ago. Régis Knechtel https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b233b197af44ffa3889225d58263d87e1147fc4914911082a34095ae43e065d1.gif Michael Carr I got scared for a second. I've removed all Gapps from the KitKat ROM that I'm running on my tablet (an Iconia Tab A200), so I've been using Xabber to communicate with the few Hangouts contacts I talk to (at least, on that tablet). Nice to read that it's not a full death knell just yet. Bob Always wanted to ask Google or any expert here: 1) Why on earth did Google kill of something almost ubiquitous and well accepted like GTalk and confused their own users with Hangouts in the first place? I'll not even mention the unending list of communication apps they keep rolling out relentlessly. 2) Shouldn't GTalk be brought back - it was simple and fast and easy for anyone to use. I don't even 'get' Hangouts and never got on board with this one. 3) Did Google just miss a very big opportunity to rule the planet with a single neat communications app based on email .. had they nurtured Gtalk? I reckon it would have metamorphosis-ed into one of these G+ , Instagram like apps but missed a 'big' boat just like that .. poof!!! Its odd nobody mentions this lost opportunity. ultramodern I think it's because Google's Facebook obsession. It's so soar it did not invent it that it's desperately trying to mimic it. Bruce Salem Google should allow for Markdown Format, no matter what. It is essential that users be able to give feedback with quoting in reply. Most of social media's vulnerability to disasters like the one hitting You Tube and the fake news problem at Facebook is due to the lack of context quoting that would be enabled in any blog post the supports Markdown Format. Sergio Gonzalez-Del Pozo I personally don't use any of the apps, except for Gmail which I've been using since it first came out back in 2005, what really bugs me is being unable to remove all the extra Google apps from my LG Aristo Smartphone with Nougat 7.0, it's constantly updating these apps whether I want them or not. I should have some say in the matter, instead of just being on the receiving end without any control. Jason St Pierre Ending Picasa development was my biggest cry. I still use it everyday. They really need to keep that going it was really good for it feature set. ScottColbert It's like Google is just begging me to go to iOS. Jesus wept. h4rr4r They killed xmpp confederation years ago. Sadly XMPP is better than anything available these days. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ "Alexa, what software or service did Google abandon this week?" Dang, she doesn't know. Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 14 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 203 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 4 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 28 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 66 1 Year Ago Today Amazon Updates Its Policies To Ban USB Type-C Cables That Are Not Fully Spec Compliant 2016/03/29 8:29pm PDTMar 29, 2016 95 2 Years Ago Today Upbeat Monsters Icon Pack Fills Your Homescreen With Adorable Googly-Eyed Apps 2015/03/29 11:57am PDTMar 29, 2015 79 3 Years Ago Today Rumor: Google Now Will Help You Remember, Pay Your Bills [APK Teardown] 2014/03/29 11:55am PDTMar 29, 2014 69 4 Years Ago Today [New App] BBQScreen Mirrors Your Display On A Computer At 25FPS (Root Only) 2013/03/29 7:31pm PDTMar 29, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today WSJ: Google To Open Online Store This Year, Will Sell Tablets Independently Of Retailers (Perhaps With The Launch Of Jellybean) 2012/03/29 8:56pm PDTMar 29, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today Get Your Credit Cards Ready - Android In-App Billing System Now Live (P.S. Devs, No More Separate Lite/Paid Apps, Please) 2011/03/29 8:34pm PDTMar 29, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Upgrade Your Android Phone's External Storage With A-Data Turbo 16GB Class 6 MicroSD Card - Review And Benchmarks 2010/03/29 11:15pm PDTMar 29, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 63 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 105 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 63 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 105 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 108 queries | 0.400s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
LATEST SHOWS searchSearch Donate Subscribe Menu Menu Donate Subscribe close search MARKETPLACE SHOWS Shows Marketplace Helmed by Kai Ryssdal, our flagship program examines what the day in money delivered, through stories, conversations, newsworthy numbers and more. Morning Report Host David Brancaccio explores the latest on markets, money, jobs and innovation, providing the context you need to make smarter decisions. Tech Host Ben Johnson tackles the business behind the technology that's obsessing us and changing our lives. Weekend Host Lizzie O'Leary gives you a relaxed yet informative look at where the economy collides with real life. It's everything from the paycheck to the personal. Currently Featured Series Currently Featured Series NAFTA Explained An ongoing series that explores the trade agreement and how it affects business and life. Make Me Smart None of us is as smart as all of us. I've Always Wondered... Our series that's all about answering your questions. The Big Promise Our yearlong series on Erie County, Pennsylvania. TOPICS Topics Business Economy Sustainability World Tech Elections Health Care Education Life Wealth & Poverty Money Entertainment MUSIC AIR TIMES ABOUT US CONTACT Play Pause DownloadDownload EmbedEmbed Embed Code Copy Close Latest Stories Latest Shows Popular Now Mentioned on Air Podcasts Sponsor Marketplace TodayBecome a Corporate Sponsor ▧ Latest Stories View More ▧ Popular Now View More FACEBOOK Share on Facebook TWITTER Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin Share by email Wealth & Poverty As tech workers stay in Pittsburgh, neighborhoods watch prices climb By Erika Beras March 29, 2017 | 7:18 AM Listen to this story Download Embed Embed Code<iframe src="https://www.marketplace.org/2017/03/29/wealth-poverty/as-tech-workers-stay-in-pittsburgh-neighborhoods-watch-prices-climb/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe> Copy Close After Google moved into this Pittsburgh office, luxury apartment building started going up, making the area unaffordable for some who had lived there for years. - Erika Beras Listen To The Story Marketplace Downloaddownload Embedembed Embed Code<iframe src="https://www.marketplace.org/2017/03/29/wealth-poverty/as-tech-workers-stay-in-pittsburgh-neighborhoods-watch-prices-climb/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe> Copy Close Alethea Sims is a longtime resident of East Liberty, a Pittsburgh neighborhood. A few years ago, Google opened an office not far from there. Luxury apartment buildings started cropping up. She hung signs that read "Black Homes Matter." As rents here have risen, Sims has watched some of her mostly black neighbors move to cheaper areas. “When you're talking, like, $1,000, $2,000 and up for a one bedroom, who's that affordable for? Definitely not the people who lived there. And not too many people that I know of,” she said. At the the local library, Alethea Sims points to a picture of the public housing high-rise where many residents in the East Liberty neighborhood once lived. - Erika Beras The people who can afford that? Tech workers. And nowadays, there are a lot of them here. Amazon has a new office in Pittsburgh, where employees are working on artificial intelligence and language technology. They join other big tech companies like Google and Uber. “We’ve seen about a 10 percent growth in technology jobs over the last 10 years, and overall, our labor market has only grown maybe 2 percent in jobs,” said Stefani Pashman, who runs a nonprofit that tracks jobs in the region. RELATED: Renters facing affordability crisis as wages stagnate Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto on Steel City as innovation hub Oakland, California: a textbook example of gentrification's effects Pashman said most of these workers are young white men, and on average, they make one-third more than the average salary for other local workers. It wasn’t always like this. Alon Lavie is a professor in computer science at Carnegie Mellon University. He said that for years, “As soon as we would graduate these Ph.D.s, there was this big kind of sucking sound that would be all those people moving away from Pittsburgh." Alon Lavie has taught at Carnegie Mellon University since the '80’s. For many years, graduates would leave Pittsburgh for tech jobs in other cities. Now they are more likely to stay.  - Erika Beras Now, they’re more likely to stay. Safaba, a company Lavie started, was acquired by Amazon in 2015. He now works at Amazon, along with some of his former students. Amazon’s office is in a well-to-do neighborhood. But where Google and other tech companies are, housing costs have steadily climbed and rentals have more than doubled over the last decade.  “We aren’t like some places where there is nowhere to go,” said Sabina Dietrich, who analyzes demographic changes. She says there are still pockets in the region where people can find affordable housing. And Pittsburgh’s still cheaper than the Bay Area or Seattle. “Everything’s relative right? The cost of living here and housing is still, way, orders of magnitude, more affordable,” Lavie said. The median cost of a house in Palo Alto? Zillow puts it at $2.5 million. Seattle? $600,000. Here in Pittsburgh? It’s $120,000.  Related Articles Home prices stay flat, tech bubble could burstProfits are down, but tech stocks are up Majority of U.S. consumers binge-watch TVTech workers forced to take holiday FACEBOOK Share on Facebook TWITTER Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin Share by email Show Comments Subscribe to the  Marketplacenewsletter. Follow the Podcast support us Mega-dams, like Hoover, probably wouldn't be built today Business World Life Tech Sustainability Education Wealth & Poverty Entertainment Money Access: Marketplace Apps Newsletters Podcasts Stations Contact Submissions Follow Us On: FACEBOOKfacebook TWITTERtwitter instagram ©  2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All Rights Reserved. About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Feedback
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Man killed in Fremont after car flips off Dumbarton Bridge Priscilla Chan touts Teach for America at fundraiser California officials to unveil huge transportation deal, new fees U.S. judge questions government on narrowing travel ban block News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Trump University lawsuits face final hurdle to settlement 'Dreamer' reunites with family, says he's hopeful for future Poles faces post-Brexit Europe with confusion and fear Severe storms expected in Mississippi Valley, Dixie Alley Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Warriors send statement with comeback win over Spurs A’s leave Arizona with good mind-set, camaraderie Wyking Jones generating excitement as Cal’s head basketball Ex-model McPhee is now a model shooter for Stanford Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs App store sales for Android to overtake Apple’s iOS, report Bill to let bars serve alcohol until 4 a.m. advances PG&E agrees to $86.5m penalty in San Bruno fallout; bills to drop Top General Says Human Rights Shouldn't Hold Up U.S. Arms Sales A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘Memories’ of ska captured in Southern Exposure piece The latest from Dear Abby After strong beginning, ‘Boss Baby’ needs a time out Greene revisits past while looking to the future Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog The Giants expand food options at AT&T Park Two Sisters Bar to close in Hayes Valley A 'Tech, Bar and Lounge' to open on first floor of low-income Yelp's list of most popular San Francisco restaurants by Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Cat disappears in NorCal, turns up in Canada 4 years later New fragrance makes you smell like a kitten Fake or real? Commonly held 'facts' debunked Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips 2-wheeled quest to spot elusive kiwi goes south Defunct British phone boxes answering a new call Suite Spot: Swingin’ at the Riviera Palm Springs The Barn transforms riverfront in West Sacramento Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Zillow predicts 2017 price decreases in these SF neighborhoods Glass elevator adds flair to $7.3-million Victorian overhaul on Walk-through: New infrastructure, amenities await at expanded Edwardian near Lake Street with top-to-bottom designer finishes Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Latest Impreza debuts Subaru’s Global Platform Architecture Chevy Caprice is a tribute to family history Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Finding a good mentor is one of the best career strategies Should you take a counteroffer? Small talk has a big impact on your career Find a new job faster by changing your attitude Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/App-store-sales-for-Android-to-overtake-Apple-s-11036706.php App store sales for Android to overtake Apple’s iOS, report says By Wendy Lee Updated 5:38 pm, Wednesday, March 29, 2017 Photo: Santiago Mejia, The Chronicle Image 1of/4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Buy photo Lars Berg (left), Trenton Huey, Michael Sullivan and Brandon Loyd work at app maker Life360’s S.F. offices. Lars Berg (left), Trenton Huey, Michael Sullivan and Brandon Loyd work at app maker Life360’s S.F. offices. Photo: Santiago Mejia, The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 2 of 4 Buy photo Trenton Huey (right), head of analytics, chats with product analyst Jane Ho at the San Francisco offices of Life360, the maker of a family app. Trenton Huey (right), head of analytics, chats with product analyst Jane Ho at the San Francisco offices of Life360, the maker of a family app. Photo: Santiago Mejia, The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 3 of 4 Buy photo Lars Berg (right), the head of product, leads a meeting at the San Francisco offices of Life360. Lars Berg (right), the head of product, leads a meeting at the San Francisco offices of Life360. Photo: Santiago Mejia, The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 4 of 4 Buy photo Trenton Huey (left), head of analytics, works with Michael Sullivan, engineering manager, and Brandon Loyd, product manager, at Life360 in San Francisco. Trenton Huey (left), head of analytics, works with Michael Sullivan, engineering manager, and Brandon Loyd, product manager, at Life360 in San Francisco. Photo: Santiago Mejia, The Chronicle Buy this photo App store sales for Android to overtake Apple’s iOS, report says 1 / 4 Back to Gallery For years, Apple’s App Store, the place where people download apps for games and social networking services on their iPhones and iPads, has generated far more revenue worldwide than its Android competitors. This year, things are changing: Android app distributors will leap ahead of the App Store, according to projections by analytics firm App Annie. In 2017, the App Store will generate $40 billion in revenue, while Android app stores run by Google and other parties will generate $41 billion, App Annie said. That gap is expected to widen in 2021, with Android app stores generating $78 billion and Apple’s store at $60 billion, according to the analytics firm’s report, which was released on Wednesday. TOP BUSINESS VIDEOS: Story continues below | Breaking news first: Sign in for newsletters The surge in revenue for Android comes largely from a growing number of consumers in China who prefer Android smartphones, which tend to be cheaper than iPhones, and are willing to pay for apps. In 2021, App Annie forecasts that there will be eight Android devices to every iPad or iPhone in China. “It’s really all about China,” said Danielle Levitas, senior vice president of research at App Annie. About 82 percent of the world’s smartphone users rely on the Android operating system, according to research firm IDC — far more than the 16 percent who use Apple’s mobile operating system, iOS. Despite Android’s larger global reach, people in emerging countries haven’t been as willing to pay for apps as luxury consumers who could afford an iPhone, which costs at least $649 in the U.S. That has changed in recent years, app developers say. “It’s 2017. That’s not really how the market is anymore,” said Russell Ivanovic, co-founder of Australian firm Shifty Jelly, which develops apps for smartphones. Ivanovic said the company’s $4 podcast app, Pocket Casts, has four Android customers for every one iOS customer. Alex Haro, president of family locator app Life360 in San Francisco, said one advantage of developing for the Android platform is that Google allows his firm to include an unlimited number of users in a test group. For example, his firm tested a feature that could detect whether a user had been in a car accident using the phone’s accelerometer and gyroscope, allowing the app to send an alert to a family member and call emergency services. With extensive testing, Life360 was “able to make the algorithm much better for the entire user base,” said Haro, whose company has received funding from Google. Apple’s iOS system also allows developers to test apps, but the tests are limited to 2,000 users, which Haro thinks is too small. Google, which oversees the Android operating system, said it has more than 1 million apps available for download at its Google Play store and that spending at its store increased more than 30 percent per buyer in 2015 compared to the year before. Google Play is available in more than 190 countries. “Google Play continues to be one of Google’s fastest growing businesses with tremendous momentum behind it,” the company said in a statement. Apple did not respond to a request for comment on App Annie’s report. Google Play represents $21 billion, or 51 percent, of the revenue of Android app store sales in 2017, according to App Annie. The rest of the sales comes from independent distributors, including some that sell apps in places like China, where Google Play isn’t available. Levitas from App Annie said she doesn’t believe the increasing Android app store sales will do much to sway which operating system developers build apps on first. Apple’s iOS still generates more money per device compared with Android, and “that alone means you don’t ignore iOS,” she said. Another factor going for Apple is that its App Store is available in China. Google pulled out of China in 2010, after cyberattacks and censorship demands made the company skittish. More people in China will purchase Android phones over iPhones because they are relatively affordable, analysts said. An Android phone can be purchased in China for roughly $300, said John Cui, assistant professor at Georgetown University’s McDonough School of Business. Some Android app developers said it is challenging for them to enter the China market because the Google Play store isn’t there. They are reluctant to go through other distributors in China because they aren’t sure whether those stores will maintain the same standards as Google’s. “I so wish and plead and hope that one day the Google (Play store) will be available in China,” said Alok Kejriwal, CEO of online gaming company Games2win in India. “It’s a massive opportunity that we are all waiting to exploit.” Wendy Lee is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: wlee@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @thewendylee Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Rumors confirmed: Mission Thrift Town closed today Woman, 76, knocked unconscious in North Beach hit-run Man killed in Fremont after car flips off Dumbarton Wearing T-shirt and plastic bag, man arrested at school Woman killed, 2 men wounded in SF shooting Berkeley calls for Trump's impeachment 13 dead in crash involving Texas church group Homeowners in sinking, tilting SF tower file $200M suit Warriors stun Spurs in huge comeback win on the road Durant looks ‘good’ in one-on-one against asst. Willie Green Durant’s rehab on target; will be re-evaluated in 7-10 days 49ers' Shanahan explains why he didn’t want Kaepernick Bitter fan to his Raiders gear: Just burn, baby Five popular TV shows are ending forever this week Netflix drama shot in Marin works despite gimmickry The quest for design utopia at SF's Pier 70 Last of the old Bay Bridge east span comes down TODAY'S TOP PICKS Yelp surprises: Most popular SF restaurants by neighborhood Red Bull heir parties on, 4 years after hit-and-run killed cop Face-tattooed gang member sentenced in beating of girlfriend Most Popular 1 Kyle Shanahan on why he didn’t want Colin Kaepernick 2 Is Trump’s epic downfall coming soon? Watch your phone 3 Woman killed, 2 men wounded in midmorning SF shooting 4 Berkeley calls for Trump impeachment 5 Yelp's list of most popular San Francisco restaurants by... 6 Boy dragged out to sea at Monastery Beach dies 7 Man killed in Fremont after car flips off Dumbarton Bridge 8 Warriors send statement with comeback win over Spurs 9 Rumors confirmed: 45-year-old Mission Thrift Town closed today 10 $200 million suit filed by homeowners in sinking, tilting tower THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Girl, 5, Suspended For Playing With ‘Stick Gun’ You Will Never Hear These Truths Discussed In The Mainstream → ‘Bible, not Google’ gives Israel right to land – minister Posted on March 29, 2017 by # 1 NWO Hatr RT Israel’s communications minister says the Bible is enough to prove that his country has legitimate land claims, despite what Google or Wikipedia say. The remarks were made during an event supporting West Bank settlements. “Defense is important and security is important but the most important thing is the moral claim of Israel and we are committed to living in our regional land, land that was given to us not by Google or Wikipedia but by the Bible,” Tzachi Hanegbi said at the Washington event, titled ‘Celebrate 50 years of Rejuvenation in Judea and Samaria.’  “…And this is the right, which we are going to demand our right forever and ever,” Hanegbi continued, as quoted by Arutz Sheva. The event was hosted by the Council of Jewish Communities of Judea and Samaria. Judea and Samaria is the Israeli government term for the territory generally referred to as the West Bank, but excluding East Jerusalem. The event was to mark the upcoming 50th anniversary of the Six-Day War, which broke out in 1967 between Israel and its neighbors Egypt, Syria, and Jordan. The conflict saw Israel make territorial gains in the West Bank, Gaza Strip, Golan Heights, and the Sinai Peninsula up to the Suez Canal. Israeli settlements currently exist in the West Bank, Golan Heights, and East Jerusalem, despite such construction being considered illegal by the international community. Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely encouraged more settlers to head to the West Bank during the Tuesday event in Washington. “We need to go to a million settlers in Judea and Samaria – with a US embassy in Jerusalem. We need to think of new ways of thinking that will include Judea and Samaria under Israeli sovereignty forever,” she said. She went on to say that the notion of Israel occupying the West Bank is a “myth.” “I always say that the occupation is a myth, because we never occupied other people’s land. This is Jewish land [Judea and Samaria]. This should forever be a Jewish land under Israeli law,” she said, as quoted by the Jerusalem Post. However, not everyone agrees with Hotovely. Just two days before her remarks at the event, Jewish protesters blocked the entrance of the annual pro-Israeli American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) conference in Washington, calling for an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestinian territory. The UN Security Council also disagrees with Hotovely. In December, it passed a resolution demanding an end to the construction of Israeli settlements on occupied Palestinian territories – a move which was condemned as “shameful and absurd” by the Israeli government and criticized by Donald Trump, who promised that things would be “different” in regard to the UN after he took office. As to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2016 https://www.rt.com/news/382684-bible-google-israel-land/ Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 519 ← Girl, 5, Suspended For Playing With ‘Stick Gun’ You Will Never Hear These Truths Discussed In The Mainstream → 9 Responses to ‘Bible, not Google’ gives Israel right to land – minister DL. says: March 29, 2017 at 11:54 am WRONG!!! The Bible gives Israel the right to the land IF AND ONLY IF (IFF for short) Israel obeys and worships God AND HIS SON JESUS CHRIST. Period, End of Story–and for this dude to say otherwise means: 1. His “Bible” is the Talmud, and 2. his “god” is the “Jewish Messiah” aka the Anti-Christ that will occupy the Temple in Jerusalem in the tribulation period. And another thing–the “Israel” that so thoroughly rejects Christ is NOT God’s Israel. Read Galatians 3, dude! He is a “Jew” who is one INWARDLY (believes on Christ) not outwardly (such as the anti-Christ Jews of Israel)! Reply DL. says: March 29, 2017 at 11:56 am And then you have 1 John 2:22–“He who has NOT the Son has NOT the Father, but he who has the Son has the Father also.” Reply # 1 NWO Hatr says: March 29, 2017 at 12:04 pm Had to send this one twice (2nd time as a forward to Henry/Laura). Someone didn’t like it… I rarely receive failure notices. Reply Misty says: March 29, 2017 at 3:01 pm I know sent in”Dressed Like The Joker, A Defiant Hillary Clinton Takes The Stage Calling For ‘Resistance’ Of New Administration” still have the failure notice.http://www.spamcop.net/bl.shtml?66.163.186.82; ” Sent it in again but don’t know if they got it for I didn’t see it posted. Reply # 1 NWO Hatr says: March 29, 2017 at 3:17 pm If you didn’t receive another failure notice, it went through, Misty. On very rare occasions, I’ve gotten 2 and even 3 in a row for the same article. Some things just don’t go where they’re supposed to. Not of their own volition, however, imo. Reply Misty says: March 29, 2017 at 8:28 pm First time so I didn’t understand…thanks. BMF says: March 29, 2017 at 12:04 pm Even if the Bible could be accepted as proof of anything (“belief” and “proof” are two very different animals), it does not unequivocally give any land to anyone. There was a covenant that God made with the Hebrews, which the latter broke. Also, how about that part of the Bible in which Jesus tells the Jews who were rejecting him that “you are of your father the Devil”? It’s right there in John’s Gospel: Chapter 8, especially verses 33-45. Reply # 1 NWO Hatr says: March 29, 2017 at 2:43 pm “…And this is the right, which we are going to demand our right forever and ever,” Hanegbi continued, as quoted by Arutz Sheva.” The ONLY ‘forever right’ you LYING SCUMBAG POS jEWS have is to burn in Hell with your master, SATAN. “This is Jewish land [Judea and Samaria]. This should forever be a Jewish land under Israeli law,” she said, as quoted by the Jerusalem Post.” Not according to God, you LYING Satanic SLUT!!! Reply KOYOTE( ADVOCATING THE OVERTHROW OF THE AMERICAN REGIME SINCE CLINTON '93) says: March 29, 2017 at 7:30 pm NWO HATR…….. ROK ON MAN!!!!!!!!!!!! Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments NC on Congress just killed your Internet privacy protections NC on Congress just killed your Internet privacy protections NC on Border Patrol Agents Assaulted by Increasingly Aggressive Illegal Immigrants tc on Wiley Dog…Gopher Hunter Misty on ‘Bible, not Google’ gives Israel right to land – minister Katie on Wiley Dog…Gopher Hunter Katie on Wiley Dog…Gopher Hunter charlie brown on Lavrov Calls Out NATO’s Role in Afghan Drug Trafficking Wade. on Wiley Dog…Gopher Hunter KOYOTE( ADVOCATING THE OVERTHROW OF THE AMERICAN REGIME SINCE CLINTON '93) on ‘Bible, not Google’ gives Israel right to land – minister tc on Wiley Dog…Gopher Hunter Paul on Cops Stop Woman With Stroller Full Of Guns In Back Of The Yards Paul on Wiley Dog…Gopher Hunter tc on Trump border wall funding facing delay Mark Koernke on Is There Lead in your Water? # 1 NWO Hatr on Cops Stop Woman With Stroller Full Of Guns In Back Of The Yards # 1 NWO Hatr on Take a Stand for the Truth Bill Jarett on Take a Stand for the Truth # 1 NWO Hatr on New research shows stem cells found in baby teeth could be key to good health later # 1 NWO Hatr on Congress just killed your Internet privacy protections Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Gear Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink More Gear Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink Style Where to Ski Now Entertainment Travel Sports Features Beer Collections Whiskey Workouts Watches Weight Loss Cars Grooming Four-Day Weekend Recipes Best Places to Live Nutrition Life Advice Gift Ideas Books Beards Subscribe Record Book 9 Google Maps Features You Didn't Know About Tech 9 Google Maps Features You Didn't Know About by Dylan Love Google has rolled a new feature into its mapping software that makes it possible for mobile users to share their location with others in real time.  Both iOS and Android users will have access to the feature when updating their software. Whether you’re backpacking through the countryside for a week or just going on a grocery run, your friends and family can follow along with where in the world you are, on their own mobile devices. Beyond the immediate value of being able to broadcast, “Hey, here I am!” you’ll also be able to share your navigated route in progress, letting your contacts see how far away you are from your destination and when you’ll arrive. To share your location this way, tap the blue dot that represents your physical location on the map. Tap “Share location,” select who to share with and for how long, and you’re done. You can even send a link to your live location through a messaging service; if your recipients don’t have an Android or iOS device, they can click the link and track you in a Web browser. MORE: The 14,500-Mile Road Trip Through Every National Park We think Google Maps is one of the best online mapping services there is, and the addition of real-time location sharing only makes it more appealing. In case you didn’t know all the other features wrapped inside this robust cartographic solution, we thought we’d remind you of them. GPS directions automatically reroute you around traffic. Google owns Waze, a peer-driven traffic monitoring network that lets drivers report road conditions, speed traps, and accidents. Using this valuable, dynamic data, Google’s navigation system will adapt to reflect a better route when conditions should change. Store your maps offline as you travel without WiFi. Whether you’re going off the grid or just want to save on monthly bandwidth, Google Maps lets you download custom maps to your specification. With the map data already downloaded, you can zoom in and out on details as your heart desires, without needing any internet connection. To download an area for offline browsing, search for the location and select the "download" tab to the right of the share button. You can also use the left-hand drop-down menu by search to select “offline areas” and add a location. MORE: 72 Hours With Google Home Plan a ski vacation. Google Maps isn’t just about driving directions; it also includes bike and ski trails. Search for a resort (like Breckenridge in Colorado), then zoom in to see trail details. You’ll likely want to pair this trick with Google’s offline map functionality — mountains aren’t known for being great cellular hotspots. Get oriented quickly. How’s your sense of direction? Google wants to help. If you don’t know which direction you’re facing, just tap the compass in the top right corner of your screen, and the map will adjust to match your real-world direction and perspective. MORE: How to Make the Most of Offline Google Maps Always take the easiest bike route. Putting elevation information at your fingertips, Google Maps will quickly let you know if your bike ride home will be a killer climb or a leisurely ride. The pros and racers will want to find the sickest hills to train on, while the rest of us will simply look for the flattest route home. Save commonly used addresses for quicker navigation. Stop typing out addresses for work and home when you could just be typing “work” and “home.” In the side menu of the Google Maps mobile app, tap "Your places," then enter your commonly searched addresses, saving each one with an identifying name. RELATED: Google's Gboard Wants to Change the Way You Text Use Lists to manage your vacation and sightseeing. Google quietly launched a new feature in February that lets you create, update, and share lists of places you want to visit. When you locate a place in Google Maps, add it to a list by tapping on the place name, tapping “Save,” then adding it to your list of choice. Identify the best time to go grocery shopping or get a good seat at the bar. Google Maps will tell you how busy you can expect a given location to be before you arrive. With a business or other location selected, the mobile app will give you an hourly breakdown by day, pointing to how much foot traffic you can expect to encounter while you're out and about. Want More? Sign up for our newsletter to get the latest adventures, workouts, destinations, and more. Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. We may use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter and offers that may interest you, on behalf of Men's Journal and its partners. For more information please read our Privacy Policy How we use your email address Trending Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time. What is this? This GoPro HERO4 Black is a Steal at 53% Off 1 The Total-Body Workout You Can Do in an Empty... 2 Climbers Adrian Ballinger and Cory Richards... 3 At 123.8-Proof, Hochstadter's Brilliant New... 4 Grant Hill Talks Recruiting and What It Takes... 5 9 Google Maps Features You Didn't Know About 6 Garmin Releases New Top of the Line Sports... 7 Inside the Continued Growth of Craft Beer in... 8 © Men's Journal 2017 Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Data Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Customer Service Media Kit Sitemap
BREAKING NEWS: Funny Ronaldo statue sparks social media outcry … PPP, PML-N made a Secret Deal,claims Imran Khan … Afridi, ICC Champions Trophy reach Edhi Home … Auto policy as is: whats the trade-off? … Desperate Windies eye victory against Pakistan � … Of Nepra and K-Electric … What is driving economy? … What next for Reko Diq? … Pak-Malaysian navies conduct exercise in Malacca waters … Extension in military courts mandate imperative to address security challenges: Dar … Menu Home Top News From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors Markets Politics & Policy PPP, PML-N made a ‘Secret Deal,’claims.. Madiha Shakeel Mar 30th, 2017 11:44 Extension in military courts mandate imperative.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 30th, 2017 02:24 Marriyum for more pro-active role of.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 30th, 2017 02:22 Govt succeeded in improving economy: Ahsan.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 30th, 2017 02:17 Sindh CM deplores Opposition leader’s attitude.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 30th, 2017 02:06 Mayor Karachi inaugurate CPNE Editors Club Fawad Maqsood Mar 30th, 2017 02:04 Ample quantity of wheat available in.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 30th, 2017 02:02 World Africa Europe Global Business & Economy Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Malaysia in ‘sensitive’ talks with NKorea.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 30th, 2017 00:51 Cameron defends referendum call as Brexit.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 30th, 2017 00:47 Canada seeks more trade with post-Brexit.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 30th, 2017 00:45 146 migrants feared missing after boat.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 19:28 Hollande says Brexit ‘will be painful.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 19:14 EU’s Tusk receives Brexit notification letter.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 18:05 Palestinian leader meets Trump envoy at.. Parvez Jabri Mar 29th, 2017 15:30 Business Banking & Finance Industries & Sectors Managed Funds Real Estate Samsung unveils S8 smartphones with virtual.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 30th, 2017 01:01 Daimler accelerates electric car programme .. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 18:34 Euro zone bonds steady as Brexit.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 18:01 Spooked by yield rise, ECB wary.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 16:56 EU blocks LSE-Deutsche Boerse merger amid.. Parvez Jabri Mar 29th, 2017 15:20 Toshiba’s US atomic unit files for.. Parvez Jabri Mar 29th, 2017 15:16 US Fed’s Fischer worried by possible.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 03:25 Markets Commodities Energy Equity Fixed Income FXMM Dollar rises after Trump selloff, helped.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 21:57 Oil up after data, dollar gains.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 21:53 Sterling seesaws as PM May triggers.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 21:32 Gilt yields near one-month low as.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 21:30 Markets take Brexit in their stride.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 19:16 US stocks dip as UK formally.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 19:12 Palm sees second straight gain on.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 18:57 Stocks Stocks Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Football Hockey Olympic London 2012 Other Sports Funny Ronaldo statue sparks social media.. Ali Ahmed Mar 30th, 2017 11:53 Afridi, ICC Champions Trophy reach Edhi.. Ali Ahmed Mar 30th, 2017 11:12 Desperate Windies eye victory against Pakistan.. Ali Ahmed Mar 30th, 2017 10:46 Irfan barred for playing cricket for.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 30th, 2017 02:16 PCB suspends Mohammad Irfan from cricket Madiha Shakeel Mar 29th, 2017 17:55 Golf: PGA to test distance-measuring devices.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 02:19 Tennis: Nishikori safely through in Miami Fawad Maqsood Mar 29th, 2017 01:51 Entertainment Arts Lifestyle Movies Music ‘Shawarma shops’ shut down in Dubai Madiha Shakeel Mar 29th, 2017 13:03 WWE Kane to run for Mayor Ali Ahmed Mar 27th, 2017 14:35 Noor ends marriage for the fourth.. Ali Ahmed Mar 27th, 2017 11:54 Laptop ban hits Dubai for 1.1mn.. Imaduddin Mar 25th, 2017 13:42 Twitter eyes paid ‘premium’ service for.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 24th, 2017 22:20 Shahid Kapoor and Kangana Ranaut squabble.. Madiha Shakeel Mar 24th, 2017 17:05 Scientists create chemical to reverse signs.. Madiha Shakeel Mar 24th, 2017 12:06 Sci-Tech Dubai to have skyscraper anchored in.. Aagha Majid Mar 29th, 2017 16:14 Largest ever dinosaur footprints discovered in.. Madiha Shakeel Mar 29th, 2017 15:46 Forests do more than just cutting.. Aagha Majid Mar 29th, 2017 13:36 Bengali ‘tree’ girl, refused further hospital.. Aagha Majid Mar 28th, 2017 18:20 Facebook adds camera features, moving closer.. Imaduddin Mar 28th, 2017 17:52 UK researchers mass-produce artificial blood Aagha Majid Mar 28th, 2017 13:23 Scientists create heart tissue from spinach.. Aagha Majid Mar 27th, 2017 16:18 ePaper AAJ Live Home »Press Release » Truecaller and Google Come Together to Improve Video Calling for Millions Press Release Truecaller and Google Come Together to Improve Video Calling for Millions Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 21:39 0 Truecaller today announced a strategic agreement to integrate Google Duo, a high quality video calling service, within the Truecaller app. This will add a crucial communications layer that strengthens the value of Truecaller’s wildly popular dialer, caller ID, and spam blocking app already used by more than 250 million users globally. Along with news of this integration, Truecaller announced a completely new redesign of the Android app, and now with a broader array of useful features including: SMS:Instantly see who’s SMS’ing you and filter out all spam messages. Spam SMS account for 15% of all SMS messages sent globally, and represents 1.2 trillion spam messages each year. Flash Messaging: which allows you to send quick pre-defined messages to any Truecaller user to let them know if you’re in distress, you’re on your way, your location, or that you’ve reached home. “From the very beginning we have worked relentlessly to build a product that helps simplify communications for consumers across the globe, and help them address important needs such knowing the identity of those calling, and blocking unwanted numbers. With valuable partners like Google, we are excited to take the next step in our journey, bringing all your mobile communications under one roof and giving you the safest, most efficient, and most convenient experience possible without having to switch back and forth,” said Nami Zarringhalam, Co-founder and CSO of Truecaller. “Video calling should work for everybody, regardless of what platform they are on. Ouraim is to make video calling simple, fast, and available to everyone,” said Amit Fulay, Head of Duo at Google. “With this Truecaller integration, we’re able to bring a better video calling experience to millions of new users.” The new look and feel of Truecaller is consistent with its ongoing commitment to provide a safe and efficient experience for millions of mobile users who’ve become increasingly frustrated by the growing problem of spam calls and texts from unknown users. Now as one of the fastest growing mobile apps in the world, Truecaller sits at the center of your mobile phone experience helping you connect with the people who matter, in the way you want to communicate, while avoiding calls and texts from those you don’t. Google Duo is a simple video calling app that takes the complexity out of video calling. The service has been built to be fast and reliable, with a single button push for connecting with other users. Truecaller integration with Google Duo will be available in the coming months for Android and iOS as a permission-based service, where users will be able to opt-in and out at any time. For more information about Truecaller please visit, www.truecaller.com or you may download the free Truecaller app on popular platforms including Android or iOS. Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous Sterling seesaws as PM May triggers Brexit Next Oil up after data, dollar gains as Brexit materializes Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Top
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google Calendar launches for iPad Brittany A. Roston - Mar 29, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Google has announced the launch of Google Calendar for iPad, giving users the ability to access and manage their Google Calendar and related tasks from the comfort of their Apple slate. Those who use Google Calendar with any sort of regularity will recognize it instantly — all the features are there, including the machine intelligence-powered features for setting goals and scheduling new appointments. iPhone users have had access to a Google Calendar app for a while, but its usefulness was limited if those same users also owned an iPad, switching to it for daily work. This comprises a large number of GSuite users, freelancers, and others, and was a glaring hole in the otherwise decent mobile lineup. That changes today. The new Google Calendar app is, as we’d expect, optimized specifically for the iPad, bringing with it the familiar interface and clean layout. Those who download will get access to its more advanced features, such as setting goals and letting Calendar intelligently schedule things so that you have time to achieve those goals. The app also supports smart scheduling, which uses machine intelligence to suggest optimal times for meetings based on your existing obligations and habits. The app can also suggest available rooms for meetings depending on both preferences and the team’s overall availability. Sound exciting? You can grab the app from iTunes now. SOURCE: Google Blog Tags AppleAppsgoogleiOSiPad Must Read Bits & Bytes Samsung Gear 360 (2017) hands-on: Full 4K in 360-degrees Samsung Galaxy S8 hands-on with Galaxy S8+ – To Infinity & beyond Windows 10 Creators Update release date finally announced Apple iOS 10.3 is here: Find My AirPods, smarter Siri, more ChefSteps Joule Review: If Apple cooked sous-vide Latest Headlines HTC U with Snapdragon 835 shows up at AnTuTu Mar 30, 2017 Galaxy S8’s Bixby will feature Pinterest’s visual discovery tech Mar 29, 2017 SpaceX recycled Falcon 9 rocket will be launched tomorrow Mar 29, 2017 Domino’s will start delivering pizzas with robots in Europe Mar 29, 2017 Adidas ALL DAY fitness app takes athletes through a full day Mar 29, 2017 Latest Reviews Ultimate Ears Wonderboom review: A great speaker for its price range Mar 29, 2017 ChefSteps Joule Review: If Apple cooked sous-vide Mar 27, 2017 The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild review – The grandest adventure yet Mar 26, 2017 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review Mar 22, 2017 Yi Home Camera Review: a great budget security camera Mar 21, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos most commented Coolpad Cool 1 review: This is the Le 2 in a new body which offers nothing compelling By Kunal Khullar 9   Comments Airtel now offers 1GB daily data and free calls at Rs 345 a month By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Airtel Surprise offer for postpaid users gives 30GB free 4G data via the MyAirtel app By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Fastrack launches ‘Fastrack Reflex’, a wearable aimed at youth for Rs 1,995 By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Nokia C1 renders and specifications leak: Expect a Snapdragon 830, 4GB RAM and dual-cameras By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Samsung Samsung Galaxy S8: On the fence? Here are 8 arguments to convince you to pick one up today Samsung Galaxy S8: Five changes loyal fans will need to get used to Samsung Galaxy S8 comes with Bluetooth 5.0; you can now stream audio to two headphones at once Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Here’s how Samsung Galaxy S8+ compares with Pixel XL, iPhone 7 Plus, LG G6 and OnePlus 3T By tech2 News Staff /  30 Mar 2017 , 00:15 #Samsung Samsung just announced the launch of its latest flagship smartphone for the market, the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+. Both the smartphones are top of the line and there can be no better time than this for a flagship showdown. We have taken the best smartphones that companies have to offer and are pitting them against each other in this comprehensive specs comparison. For this showdown, we have selected Apple iPhone 7 Plus, LG G6, Google Pixel XL and the OnePlus 3T. Smartphone Samsung S8+ Google Pixel XL iPhone 7 Plus LG G6 OnePlus 3T Display Size (inch) 6.2 5.5 5.5 5.7 5.5 Resolution (pixels) 1,440 x 2,960 1440 x 2560 1,080 x 1,920 1440 x 2880 1,080 x 1,920 Pixel Density (PPI) 529 534 401 564 401 Display Type Super AMOLED AMOLED LED-backlit IPS LCD IPS LCD Super AMOLED Dimensions(mm) 159.5 x 73.4 x 8.1 154.7×75.7×8.6 158.2×77.9×7.3 148.9×71.9×7.9 152.7×74.7×7.35 Weight (gm) 173 168 188 163 Dual SIM Yes (Variant) No No Yes (Variant) Yes SIM Type Nano-SIM Nano-SIM Nano-SIM Nano-SIM Nano-SIM Connectivity Types GSM / HSPA / LTE GSM / HSPA / LTE / VoLTE GSM / CDMA / HSPA / EVDO / LTE / VoLTE GSM/HSPA/LTE GSM / HSPA / EVDO / LTE / VoLTE Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 83, Exynos 8895 Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 Apple A10 Fusion Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 CPU Cores Octa-core, Octa-core Quad-core Quad-core Quad-core Quad-core CPU Clock Speed (GHz) 4×2.35 GHz Kryo & 4×1.9 GHz Kryo and 4×2.3 GHz & 4×1.7 GHz 2×2.15 Kryo & 2×1.6 Kryo 2.23 2×2.35 Kryo & 2×1.6 Kryo 2×2.35 Kryo & 2×1.6 Kryo GPU Adreno 540 Adreno 530 Six-Core Adreno 530 Adreno 530 RAM 4GB RAM 4GB 3GB 4GB 6GB Ruggedness IP68 IP67 IP68 – On-Board Memory 64 GB 32,128GB 32,128,256GB 32,64GB 64,128GB Expandable Memory Yes, upto 256GB Yes, upto 256GB – Yes, upto 256GB – Sensors Iris scanner, fingerprint, Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Proximity, Compass, Barometer, Heart-rate, SpO2 Fingerprint, Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Proximity, Compass, Barometer Fingerprint, Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Proximity, Compass, Barometer Fingerprint, Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Proximity, Compass, Barometer, Color spectrum Fingerprint, Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Proximity, Compass Primary Camera 12MP, f/1.7 12MP, f/2.0 12MP, f/1.8 13MP, f/1.8 and 13MP, f/1.8 16MP, f/2.0 Optical Image Stabilization Yes No Yes Yes Camera Array Single Camera Single Camera Dual Camera Dual Camera Single Camera Autofocus System Phase detection Phase detection Phase detection Laser Autofocus Phase detection Secondary Camera 8MP, f/1.7 8MP, f/2.0 7MP, f/2.2 5MP f/2.2 16MP, f/2.0 Video Capture 4K 4K 4K 4K 4K Flash LED dual-LED quad-LED LED LED OS Version Android 7.0 Nougat Android 7.1 Nougat Apple iOS 10 Android 7.0 Nougat Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow AI (Smart Assistant) Yes, Bixby GPS Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Wi-Fi Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, Hotspot Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual, band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Dual-band Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, Hotspot Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA Bluetooth v5.0, A2DP, LE, aptX v4.2, A2DP, LE v4.2, A2DP, LE v4.2, A2DP, LE, aptX HD v4.2, A2DP, LE NFC Yes Yes Yes (Apple Pay only) Yes Yes Infrared No No No No No Fingerprint Scanner Yes, Rear button Yes, Home button Yes, Home button Yes, Rear button Yes, Home button 3.5mm jack Yes Yes No Yes Yes Radio No No No Yes, FM Radio No USB Type Type-C Reversible connector Type-C Reversible connector Reversible connector Type-C Reversible connector Type-C Reversible connector USB Standard USB 3.1 USB 2.0 Lightning USB 3.1 USB 2.0 Battery (mAh) 3,500 3,450 2,900 3,300 3.4 Quick Charge Yes No Yes, Quick Charge 3.0 Yes, DASH Charge Colors Midnight Black, Orchid Gray, Arctic Silver, Coral Blue, Maple Gold Blue, Silver, Black Jet Black, Black, Silver, Gold, Rose Gold Mystic white, Astro Black, Ice Platinum Graphite, Soft Gold, Gunmetal, Midnight Black Prices in India (Rs) To be announced Starting Rs 67,000 Starting Rs 72,000 To be announced Starting Rs 29,999 Even though, the Samsung Galaxy S8+ looks the best on paper with the mighty Qualcomm Snapdragon 835, Super AMOLED display, features such as DeX and Bixby and other things like Bluetooth v5.0, we will have to wait for the benchmarks and real world performance of the smartphone before terming it as the best. The Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ are expected to be launched officially on 21 April. India launch dates and price points have yet to be announced. We will update the copy accordingly. Publish date: March 30, 2017 12:15 am| Modified date: March 30, 2017 12:16 am Tags: Apple iPhone 7 Plus, Google Pixel XL, LG G6, OnePlus 3T, Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, Samsung Galaxy S8, Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Comparison, Samsung Galaxy S8 specs, Samsung S8 Plus Vs iPhone 7 Plus Also read Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ announced with Bixby, Infinity Display: Features, Price, Availability and more Samsung Galaxy S8 Launch: Samsung announces $129 Gear VR headset and controller X Recommended For You Samsung Galaxy S8: On the fence? Here are 8 arguments to convince you to pick one up today Samsung Galaxy S8: Five changes loyal fans will need to get used to Samsung Galaxy S8 comes with Bluetooth 5.0; you can now stream audio to two headphones at once Samsung Galaxy S8 Launch: Samsung announces $129 Gear VR headset and controller Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance #Facebook Mar 30, 2017 Facebook Live 360 allows everyone to live stream 360-degree footage #Oppo Mar 30, 2017 Oppo sacks employee who tore up Indian flag before binning it in Noida office #Facebook Mar 30, 2017 Facebook App and Messenger to stop working on smartphones with older versions of the software #Housing Mar 30, 2017 Housing.com launches Housing Partner platform for real estate developers #AI Mar 30, 2017 Banks will increasingly adopt AI for better customer interaction: Accenture SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Snap Amazon NASA News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt NYGet Big Savings On Disrupt NY Tickets Before It's Too Late Sign Up To Save Today! Gadgets Facebook opens up 360-degree live streaming to all Garmin announces a new watch just for runners and those who think they are runners The Matrix Voice is an Alexa for your Raspberry Pi Browse more... Android Waymo pursued arbitration with Anthony Levandowski before it sued Uber Facebook opens up 360-degree live streaming to all Google makes its Translate mobile apps available for users in China Browse more... essential Crunch Report | Creator of Android Teases Bezel-less Smartphone Browse more... computing Facebook opens up 360-degree live streaming to all The Matrix Voice is an Alexa for your Raspberry Pi The new algorithms enabling Facebook’s data fixation Browse more... andy rubin Crunch Report | Creator of Android Teases Bezel-less Smartphone Andy Rubin looks to raise $500 million in a new fund for Playground Ventures 500 Startups tries its hand at a startup studio, 500 Labs Browse more... Android co-founder’s new smartphone confirmed to run Android Posted 12 hours ago by Darrell Etherington (@etherington) 0 SHARES Next Story This year’s Tribeca Film Festival will include a video game festival, too The new smartphone from Andy Rubin, which will be the debut product of his new company Essential, will indeed run Android for its operating system. It looked that way from the tiny peek at the corner we got from Rubin’s tweet earlier this week, but now Google’s Eric Schmidt has confirmed it’ll be one of a few “phenomenal new choices for Android users coming very soon.” Phenomenal new choices for Android users coming very soon. An example! https://t.co/3fwvYl6vlu — Eric Schmidt (@ericschmidt) March 29, 2017 First of all: But furthermore, this sounds like things between Essential and Google are very friendly, which could mean we’ll see a new type of close collaboration evocative of the Nexus era. Google has clearly staked out its own new kind of territory with phones it builds itself, opting for a strategy competitive with what Apple and Samsung have done with their top-tier premium devices. Also, Schmidt’s teaser comes on Samsung Galaxy S8 day, which seems like no accidental omen. Android’s leading ranks have typically included Samsung and basically no one else, so it’ll be very interesting indeed if Essential is one among a few new options headed to the table. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Motorola Founded 1928 Overview Motorola provides products, technologies, and services for mobile, wireline digital communication, information, and entertainment applications. Its product portfolio includes smartphones operating on the Android operating system, feature phones, media tablet devices, wireless accessories, and more. Its range of smartphone products includes the Moto X first generation, Moto X second generation, … Location Chicago, IL Categories Mobile Devices, Consumer Electronics, Digital Marketing, Wireless, Mobile Website http://www.motorola.com/ Full profile for Motorola Peek Founded 2014 Overview Peek is a smartphone application that enables its users to create and share photo stories. It is a user-friendly application that allows them to share life experiences with friends. Location New York, NY Categories Apps Website http://joinpeek.com Full profile for Peek Android Description Android is a software platform for mobile devices based on the Linux operating system and developed by Google and the Open Handset Website http://code.google.com/android Full profile for Android Andy Rubin Bio Andy Rubin is the founder and CEO of Playground Global, a studio that provides resources, mentorship and funding to startups making hardware devices. Andy is most known for his instrumental work in mobile, acting as the co-founder and CEO for both Android and Danger Inc., and SVP of Mobile at Google. Andy joined the Google team in 2005 through the acquisition of Android, which under his leadership … Full profile for Andy Rubin Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Uber Releases Its Diversity Report | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes essential computing andy rubin Android Gadgets Popular Posts Featured Stories Racial Justice with Google.org VIDEO | 8:29 | Bullish Facebook will launch group chatbots at F8 10 hours ago | Josh Constine Rover and DogVacay merge to dominate the pet-sitting market 13 hours ago | Katie Roof, Ryan Lawler Everything you need to know about Congress’ decision to expose your data to internet providers 15 hours ago | Devin Coldewey Samsung’s Galaxy S8 and S8+ are exactly what leaks suggested, and that’s a good thing 16 hours ago | Brian Heater Latest From Mobile Facebook will launch group chatbots at F8 10 hours ago | Josh Constine Stance’s app lets you record a message for your Congressperson, then leaves it on their voicemail 13 hours ago | Sarah Perez 500 Startups launches a short marketing ramp-up bootcamp for startups in Israel 13 hours ago | Matthew Lynley App Annie: Android to top iOS in app store revenue this year 14 hours ago | Sarah Perez Comment moderation powered by Up Next This year’s Tribeca Film Festival will include a video game festival, too Posted 13 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Local Market Sales Representative at Yumi (San Francisco, CA, United States) Two Sigma Ventures Investment Associate at Two Sigma Investments (New York, NY, United States) Public Relations Director at LaunchSquad (Boston, MA, United States) Business Development Associate at LaunchSquad (San Francisco, CA, United States) Digital Strategies / Webmaster Director at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Winston-Salem, NC, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report | New Samsung Galaxy S8 & S8+ Phones 4 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze The Deck ad network is shutting down 5 hours ago by Anthony Ha It sounds like Munchery’s early investors are screwed 5 hours ago by Megan Rose Dickey Don’t give that GoFundMe to buy Republicans’ browser histories your money 6 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Watch the Senate’s open hearing on Russian election interference Thursday 7 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Your next smartphone is not going to be a revolution 7 hours ago by Brian Heater Waymo pursued arbitration with Anthony Levandowski before it sued Uber 8 hours ago by Kate Conger AdSemble launches a self-serve platform for buying digital billboard ads 8 hours ago by Anthony Ha Amazon to shut down Diapers.com and other Quidsi sites 9 hours ago by Sarah Perez Is technology contributing to increased inequality? 10 hours ago by Christoffer O. Hernæs
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Zendesk kills off Windows phone app, as it accounts for "a fraction of a percent" of usage 10 minutes ago March Android security update now available for Samsung Galaxy Note 4 on Sprint 58 minutes ago HP, yet again, reduces UK price of its Elite x3 Windows 10 Mobile flagship by 7% 1 hour ago Xbox One Insider Preview build 15063.2006 is available in the Alpha ring - here's what's new 4 hours ago View all recent news HP, yet again, reduces UK price of its Elite x3 Windows 10 Mobile flagship by 7% 1 hour ago Xbox One Insider Preview build 15063.2006 is available in the Alpha ring - here's what's new 4 hours ago Windows 10 SDK build 15063 is now formally available from Microsoft 4 hours ago Microsoft publishes ISOs for Windows 10 Creators Update build 15063 5 hours ago View all Microsoft news Google Chrome 57.0.2987.133 1 hour ago Android Wear 2.0 finally begins rolling out, but it's only available for three devices 12 hours ago Google releases official walkthrough video of Android O's new features 22 hours ago Android 7.0 Nougat will roll out to Verizon's HTC 10 on Thursday Mar 29, 2017 View all Google news Developers now able to respond to user reviews in the Apple App Store 4 hours ago Telegram CEO asks why Apple is taking so long to review its update 7 hours ago New Office Insider build for iOS brings co-authoring to Excel and Designer to PowerPoint Mar 29, 2017 Apple releases iOS 10.3, macOS 10.12.4 Sierra, watchOS 3.2, and tvOS 10.2 to the public Mar 27, 2017 View all Apple news Google Chrome 57.0.2987.133 1 hour ago TapinRadio 2.04.4 2 hours ago LosslessCut 1.6.0 Mar 28, 2017 Bandizip 6.0 out of beta, final version released Mar 27, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Logitech BRIO review: The best webcam you can buy Mar 28, 2017 Oukitel U15S review: A combination of wrong choices Mar 20, 2017 Nintendo Switch Review: Jack of all trades or master (system) of none? Mar 12, 2017 ZTE Blade V8 Pro Review: A phone that attempts to deliver everything you want for under $230 Mar 7, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Unboxing and application of the Spigen GLAS.tR SLIM HD screen protector for Nintendo Switch Mar 27, 2017 LG G6 unboxing and first impressions Mar 26, 2017 Unboxing the Nintendo Switch Pro Controller Mar 24, 2017 Official Nintendo Switch unboxing video debuts, this time it's not a stolen unit Feb 22, 2017 View all unboxings ISOs for Windows 10 Creators Update build 15063 can now be downloaded from Microsoft [Update] Mar 27, 2017 Windows 10 Creators Update is now available to install using Microsoft's Update Assistant [Update] Mar 28, 2017 Samsung releases Android 7.0 Nougat for Galaxy Note5 in India Mar 28, 2017 Xbox Insider Preview Beta users can now test out Xbox Game Pass Mar 28, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget You can pick up the Linksys N600+ Dual-Band Smart Wi-Fi Wireless Router for just $37.99 18 hours ago Save over $500 off The Ultimate DevOps Mastery Bundle - price dropped to just $35 Mar 28, 2017 Save 52% off the Porta Memory 3-Pronged Flash Drive - get for just $59.95 via Neowin Deals Mar 27, 2017 Get this this ISACA Certified Information Systems Auditor Training for just $29 Mar 24, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Android Wear 2.0 finally begins rolling out, but it's only available for three devices By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · 12 hours ago with 1 comment It's been almost two months since Google announced the release of Android Wear 2.0, which was made available first on two new LG devices, the Watch Style and Watch Sport. The new version of the OS had already been delayed by several months. Google revealed a list of existing devices that would be in line to upgrade to 2.0 "in the coming weeks", but until now, none of them had actually received the update, aside from a handful of testers. But today, three smartwatches have finally begun to receive the Android Wear 2.0 update: Casio Smart Outdoor Watch Fossil Q Founder Tag Heuer Connected According to Google, in a post on its support forums, the rollout to those devices should be complete by April 4. In a separate post, Google noted that "manufacturers are the ones green lighting the upgrade", so if you're looking for someone to blame for the ongoing delay in getting the Android Wear 2.0 update onto your device, get in touch with the manufacturer to let them know that you've had enough of waiting. Source: Google via Ars Technica Tags Google Android wear 2.0 Android wear Casio Smart outdoor watch Fossil q founder Tag heuer Tag heuer connected Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Android 7.0 Nougat heads to Samsung's Galaxy S6 edge+ in Europe Next Story Virgin Media suspends four staff members after overstating broadband rollout figures Advertisement Community Activity Refresh Zendesk kills off Windows phone app, as it accounts for "a fraction of a percent" of usage in Front Page News Xbox One Insider Preview build 15063.2006 is available in the Alpha ring - here's what's new in Front Page News HP, yet again, reduces UK price of its Elite x3 Windows 10 Mobile flagship by 7% in Front Page News Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update build 15063.2 is now available in the Slow ring in Front Page News Microsoft publishes ISOs for Windows 10 Creators Update build 15063 in Front Page News Microsoft rolling out Creators Update to Xbox One owners in Front Page News Microsoft's new Payment Request API helps streamline the payment experience in UWP apps in Front Page News March Android security update now available for Samsung Galaxy Note 4 on Sprint in Front Page News Trending Stories ISOs for Windows 10 Creators Update build 15063 can now be downloaded from Microsoft [Update] Mar 28, 2017 with 35 comments Windows 10 Creators Update is now available to install using Microsoft's Update Assistant [Update] Mar 28, 2017 with 132 comments Samsung releases Android 7.0 Nougat for Galaxy Note5 in India Mar 28, 2017 with 0 comments Xbox Insider Preview Beta users can now test out Xbox Game Pass Mar 29, 2017 with 0 comments Related Stories Casio's making a limited edition Android Wear smartwatch with sapphire and ion plating Mar 22, 2017 A month after its launch, new LG Android Wear 2.0 watch gets up to 36% discount Mar 20, 2017 Android Wear 2.0 rolls out to Huawei Watch testers [Update] Mar 18, 2017 · Hot! Montblanc's first smartwatch, Summit, elevates Android Wear 2.0 into another stratosphere Mar 17, 2017 deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off Xamarin Cross Platform Development Bundle $1,046.00 $35.00 97% off CompTIA IT Certification Bundle $1,077.00 $49.00 95% off Complete C# Coding Bootcamp $765.00 $41.00 95% off Linksys N600+ Dual-Band Smart Wi-Fi Wireless Router $99.99 $37.99 62% off Show Comments 1 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] It's official: The Windows 10 Creators Update rollout will begin on April 11 tall promo only review Nintendo Switch: Jack of all trades or master (system) of none? nintendo switch review Oukitel U15S: A combination of wrong choices oukitel u15s The new features and improvements coming soon to Windows 10 tall promo only video LG G6: Unboxing and first impressions lg g6 unpacked 2017 Samsung unveils Galaxy S8 and S8+, with DeX desktop mode and Bixby 'intelligent assistant' samsung galaxy s8 Surface Book with Performance Base launching in 13 new markets surface book Surface Studio pre-orders open in three more countries surface studio Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Technology Agent Marketing More Brokerage Tech Reviews Special Reports Listings MLS Mortgage Video Webinars Rentals Regulations International EVENTS View All Events Inman Connect San Francisco New York Indie Broker Summit San Francisco Hacker Connect San Francisco Luxury Connect Beverly Hills Inman Pro Market Intel More Results Hi, Log In Join Select Subscribe Share the love - Referrals Account Settings Logout Sponsored Content What’s this? Sponsored content is content produced by an advertiser that is published on Inman and is promoted alongside Inman's own editorial content. The content will be identified as ‘sponsored content’ anywhere it may appear on the website. Inman's editorial team has no hand in the creation of this content. Advertisers interested in sponsored content can learn more here. AgentMarketing 4 easy ways for real estate agents to boost their business with Google AdWords Capturing leads online takes practice. Here are tips to bolster your online presence with a well-thought-out campaign by Michael Weinhouse Sponsored By Logical Position Published 3 days ago With today’s online-first consumer marketplace, real estate agents must be as savvy with technology and marketing as ever to rise above their competition. Especially with the influx of millennials entering the real estate market, creating and maintaining a captivating online presence is a must. Advertising through Google AdWords makes it possible for any agent to harness the undeniable power of online marketing, while staying cost-effective. The tool from Google allows you to select your desired audience and choose which search terms your ad will appear next to in the Google search results that relate to those keywords. Putting the power in the hands of the advertiser, AdWords gives real estate agents creative and executional control. As a cherry on top, you only have to pay for your ad when the internet searcher clicks on it. For real estate agents who are interested in opening a Google AdWords campaign, here are a few questions to consider from a user’s standpoint: Where will your ads take me? The last thing we want to see is for you to draw up a huge, elaborate Google AdWords campaign without thinking about what the internet searcher will land on. Before you put a campaign in motion, ensure your website is well-presented and well-written. If your site cannot easily handle all the leads pouring in it as a result of the advertising campaign, you’ve wasted your money. What do you want me to do? Make your call-to-action one of the first things the user sees when clicking through your ad. People online have notoriously short attention spans. Considering this, make sure they know what you want from them — their contact information, newsletter signup, or buying or listing a home with you. How can I work with you? Google AdWords allows you to easily list your business’ information and connect with the leads you’ve worked hard to garner. By having your address and contact information appear as part of your ad campaign, users will not have to frantically try to track you down and lose interest in the process. The most important thing for capturing a lead is making sure you are easy to get a hold of. Can you work in my area? The beauty of Google AdWords campaigns can be found within its customizability. Ads can be tweaked for variables like ZIP codes or specific neighborhoods so they can pertain to each unique user. Since real estate is such a community-based and location-specific industry, you can get extremely targeted with your advertising campaign to personally reach every lead. Real estate agents are now able to take control of their own digital marketing. In an online-first marketplace, this becomes increasingly important. Google AdWords gives you the power to customize your campaign to connect with the right leads for your business. Keep these considerations in mind before putting together a cohesive AdWords plan, and users who land on your site will appreciate the personal touch. Michael Weinhouse is Founder and Co-CEO for Logical Position, an Inc. 500, Premier Google Partner with offices in Oregon, Illinois, Nevada and Texas. The agency was founded in 2010 and offers full-service PPC Management, SEO and Website Design solutions for businesses large and small. Comments Most Read Should buyer's agents attend inspections? by Andrew Wetzel | on Mar 22, 2017 The rise of the 100% commission brokerage by Gill South | 22 hours Are expansion teams the emerging superpowers of real estate? by Brad Inman | 3 days Power struggle in Texas may mean Realtor board shake-up by Andrea V. Brambila | 1 day Meet Keller Williams' secret weapon by Brad Inman | on Mar 21, 2017 Related Articles 5 easy fixes for lead generation campaign problems by Grant Findlay-Shirras | on Jan 9, 2017 The best resolutions for real estate agents in 2017 by Rachael Hite | on Jan 1, 2017 99 lead sources (and a bus bench ain't one) by Nico Hohman | on Dec 28, 2016 Back to top Share Images 2017 Influencers Contact Us Support Advertise Sponsor Contributors Code of Conduct © 2017 All Rights Reserved | Privacy | Legal CLOSE Created with Sketch. Welcome back. Log in to access Inman Select. Email Password I forgot Log in Not a member? Sign Up. CLOSE Created with Sketch. Forgot your password? No problem. Simply enter the email address you used to create your account and click "Reset Password". You will receive additional instructions via email. Forgot your username? If so please contact customer support at (510) 658-9252 Email Reset Password Password Reset Confirmation Password Reset Instructions have been sent to . Close CLOSE Created with Sketch. Subscribe to Inman Weekly Get the week's leading headlines delivered straight to your inbox. Top headlines from around the real estate industry. Breaking news as it happens. 15 stories covering tech, special reports, video and opinion. Unique features from hacker profiles to portal watch and video interviews. Special reports on commissions, agent tech, brokerages and much more. Your Email Subscribe CLOSE Created with Sketch. It looks like you're already a Select Member! To subscribe to exclusive newsletters, visit your email preferences in the account settings. Account Settings
lifehacker Deadspin Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video Skillet Two Cents Vitals Gear Google Calendar Is Now Optimized for the iPad Andy OrinYesterday 11:02am Filed to: iOS Downloads ios ipad google google calendar calendars downloads ipad downloads 6 4 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink If you’re the sort of person that’s ditched clunky laptops in favor of a svelte tablet lifestyle, you’ll be happy to hear that Google has finally optimized their calendar app just for the iPad. Advertisement You could have used the web version of course, but it’s a little nicer to use a native iOS app, and doubly nice that you don’t need to rely on the iPhone version. I use Apple devices but never really bought into the iCloud ecosystem; Apple’s calendar is fine, but I’m so wrapped up in Google accounts that I usually just use Gmail and Google Calendar. (Yeah, you can sync Apple’s calendar with your Google account, but I just find myself going straight to Google.) Google Calendar for iPad is available today. If you already have the iPhone version installed on your iPad, all you need to do is update the app for the new tablet-friendly experience. Advertisement Google Calendar | iTunes App Store Andy Orin andy@lifehacker.com @andyorin Staff Editor at Lifehacker Reply6 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Lifehacker Why Is Everyone Talking About VPNs? Yesterday 10:09am Lifehacker These New Food Labels Help You Figure Out What You're Actually Buying Yesterday 7:00am Lifehacker The Laziest, Cheapest Way to Circumvent Your Snooping ISP Yesterday 2:00pm Recent from Andy Orin 2 4 16.9K Lifehacker · Andy Orin How Twitter's New Filters Can Keep Out the Trolls and Rotten Eggs Tuesday 3:30pm 4 12 24.5K Lifehacker · Andy Orin Microsoft Excel Finally Gets Real-Time Co-Authoring Tuesday 12:30pm 3 14 33.1K Lifehacker · Andy Orin How to Be Less Stupid About Money  Monday 2:00pm Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Lifehacker Store Redirecting to the Lifehacker store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Google Earth Enterprise Now Available on GitHub as Open Source Google Earth Enterprise Now Available on GitHub as Open Source Posted on March 29, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. The world’s most popular offline enterprise globe software is now available to all as management of the code transitions to the Open Source Community with Thermopylae Sciences & Technology leading the charge as the firm celebrates its 10th anniversary. Rosslyn, VA (PRWEB) March 29, 2017 Google Earth Enterprise (GEE), the server-based and offline version of Google Earth used extensively by major business enterprises as well as National Security, Humanitarian, Education, and Intelligence agencies around the world, is comprehensively released today on GitHub as Open Source software. For years, GEE has been the most popular enterprise platform for 3D visualization and private mapping, amassing a user base well into the millions. The milestone announcement that this previously licensed software package would be opened to the world was made on January 30, 2017 and Thermopylae Sciences & Technology (TST) has been working hand-in-hand with Google since then to prepare the code. In an interesting twist, March 29, 2017 is the exact date of TST’s 10th anniversary. “Ten years to the day from TST’s founding on March 29th, 2007, we are proud to announce the successful transfer of GEE from its home within Google as a proprietary codebase, to an Open Source project on GitHub,” said TST CEO, AJ Clark. With experience in GEE dating back to the company’s inception as well as a large, exceptionally trained and ready software engineering staff dedicated to Google Earth Enterprise Open Source Software (GEE OSS), TST is well positioned to assist its customers with continued support and growth with the capability. Working with other spatially inclined engineers and Google partners around the world, TST has committed to providing support, management, and improvements to the open source codebase into the future. “Both our Government and Private Sector customer bases have interesting technology challenges that necessitate the use of a platform like GEE OSS for bandwidth-constrained environments,” commented Andres Terrazas, TST CTO. “We have a long history of solving complex geospatial problem sets and GEE OSS gives us a platform that not only gives us tools to do so, but also with a user experience that is well loved within the user community.” Now that GEE OSS is released, TST has begun execution of a long term roadmap of enhancements, gathered from years of feature requests from customers. Community contributions to the code base will be reviewed by a Project Governance Board to ensure their security and fit within the existing stack, with broad geospatial community support expected within the first year of release. TST has also planned for ongoing and enhanced support of all components, including GEE Server, GEE Fusion, and GEE Portable, ensuring the viability of this capability for the global user community. With Google’s original announcement on January 30, 2017 and commitment to continue to update and make the Enterprise Client available, there is a bright future ahead for the product suite as it evolves in new directions. More information on TST’s involvement in the GEE Open Source initiative can be found at http://geo.t-sciences.com. Google’s original announcement can be read by visiting https://maps-apis.googleblog.com/2017/01/open-sourcing-google-earth-enterprise.html. About Thermopylae Thermopylae Sciences & Technology is one of Google’s top globally performing Google Cloud Premier Partners, with a decade of close collaboration with Google sales and engineering, offering strong technical solutions for implementing Google Earth and Google Maps API. We are a multiple Google award-winning firm including the NORTHAM Business Impact Award for Maps 2015, Global Partner of the Year for Maps 2013, North American Deployment Partner of the Year for Maps 2013, and North American Innovation Partner of the Year for Maps 2012. TST is a longtime supporter of the Defense and Intelligence community as well as our private sector customer base that ranges from startups to Fortune 50 companies. TST is a Veteran Owned Business. ##### For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/03/prweb14178129.htm Latest News February’s Employment Repeats January Growth Dr. Lisa DiFrancesco Joins the Exclusive Haute Beauty Network Google Earth Enterprise Now Available on GitHub as Open Source St. Andrews Country Club Named America’s Top 100 Golf Shops by Association of Golf Merchandisers Water For People CEO, Eleanor Allen, Named Schwab Foundation Social Entrepreneur of the Year Global Surgical Dental Loupes and Camera Market to Exceed US $664.6 Mn by 2024 Stair Lifts Market to Approach US $396 Mn by the End of 2016 Cook County Community Solar Project Introduces Publicly Available Financial Modeling Tool Foam Blowing Agents Market Analysis, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2025 Automotive Drive Shafts Market – Global Industry Analysis, Trend, Size, Share and Forecast 2016 – 2024 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Search for: Menu Home National Punjab Sindh Balochistan Khyber PK World Events Breaking News Sports Cricket Football Life & Style Health Celebrities Film Games SCI-TECH Science Social Media Technology Programs Current Afairs Faisla Aap Ka Spot Light Islamabad Tonight with Rehman Azhar Rubaroo Talk Shows Awaz Sawal Hai Pakistan Ka Pakistan At 7 Infotainment Good Morning Aaj Kahani Kay Pechay Target Aman Barabri Kay Saath Paisa Bolta Hai Qaidi No. Entertainment BUSINESS Watch AAJ TV Live اردو Home / SCI-TECH / Truecaller and Google Come Together to Improve Video Calling Truecaller and Google Come Together to Improve Video Calling Posted on March 29, 2017 by nasir.wakeel in SCI-TECH —File Photo Truecaller announced a strategic agreement to integrate Google Duo, a high quality video calling service, within the Truecaller app. This will add a crucial communications layer that strengthens the value of Truecaller’s wildly popular dialer, caller ID, and spam blocking app already used by more than 250 million users globally. Along with news of this integration, Truecaller announced a completely new redesign of the Android app, and now with a broader array of useful features including: SMS: Instantly see who’s SMS’ing you and filter out all spam messages. Spam SMS account for 15% of all SMS messages sent globally, and represents 1.2 trillion spam messages each year. Flash Messaging:   Which allows you to send quick pre-defined messages to any Truecaller user to let them know if you’re in distress, you’re on your way, your location, or that you’ve reached home. “From the very beginning we have worked relentlessly to build a product that helps simplify communications for consumers across the globe, and help them address important needs such knowing the identity of those calling, and blocking unwanted numbers. With valuable partners like Google, we are excited to take the next step in our journey, bringing all your mobile communications under one roof and giving you the safest, most efficient, and most convenient experience possible without having to switch back and forth,” said Nami Zarringhalam, Co-founder and CSO of Truecaller. “Video calling should work for everybody, regardless of what platform they are on. Ouraim is to make video calling simple, fast, and available to everyone,” said Amit Fulay, Head of Duo at Google. “With this Truecaller integration, we’re able to bring a better video calling experience to millions of new users.” The new look and feel of Truecaller is consistent with its ongoing commitment to provide a safe and efficient experience for millions of mobile users who’ve become increasingly frustrated by the growing problem of spam calls and texts from unknown users. Now as one of the fastest growing mobile apps in the world, Truecaller sits at the center of your mobile phone experience helping you connect with the people who matter, in the way you want to communicate, while avoiding calls and texts from those you don’t. Google Duo is a simple video calling app that takes the complexity out of video calling. The service has been built to be fast and reliable, with a single button push for connecting with other users. Truecaller integration with Google Duo will be available in the coming months for Android and iOS as a permission-based service, where users will be able to opt-in and out at any time. For more information about Truecaller please visit, www.truecaller.com or you may download the free Truecaller app on popular platforms including Android or iOS.—PR Post navigation Previous Previous post: Samsung launches Galaxy S8 and dreams of recovery from Note 7 Tweet Related Posts EPA moves to regulate smokestack greenhouse gases Govt committed towards promotion of IT: minister China to help Bolivia launch satellite by 2013 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Latest News Truecaller and Google Come Together to Improve Video Calling Samsung launches Galaxy S8 and dreams of recovery from Note 7 Samsung Galaxy S8 launches with a 5.8-inch curved ‘infinity’ screen that unlocks just by looking at it Dr. Asim Hussain’s released deferred due to non submission of passport Turkey reiterates resolve to augment cooperation with Pakistan Archive March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   National Punjab Sindh Khyber PK Balochistan World Africa Europe South Asia U.S.A Entertainment Celebrities Film Games Music Company About us Contact Us Career distribution Copyright © 2017 AAJ NEWS. All rights reserved.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Lowdown: Nestle Is Latest to Pause Google Spending 8 minutes ago Array 0 The Unlikely Partnership Between Samsung's Galaxy S8 and Pinterest By George Slefo - 12 minutes ago Array 0 Samsung Seeks to Lure Back Buyers With Sleek S8 Smartphone 25 minutes ago Array 0 How Can Brands Meet the Challenges of a Changing America? 1 hour ago Array 0 Patrick Dempsey Signs With Independent, Phang and Alicajic Join Committee L.A. By Alexandra Jardine - 2 hours ago Array 0 Samsung Seeks to Lure Back Buyers With Sleek S8 Smartphone 25 minutes ago 0 The Unlikely Partnership Between Samsung's Galaxy S8 and Pinterest By George Slefo - 12 minutes ago 0 It's 'Food, Not Boobs' in Carl's Jr. and Hardees' Brand Refresh By Ann-Christine Diaz - 3 hours ago 0 WeChat Made Addicted Users Go Cold Turkey For 12 Hours and Filmed Everything By Angela Doland - 3 hours ago 0 VIDEO: The Darker Side of Data By Nathan Skid - 21 hours ago 0 Meet the Man Behind YouTube's Sudden Ad Crisis. He Has a Patented Fix By Jack Neff - 2 days ago 0 Who Wins and Who Loses in YouTube's Falling Out With Brands By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Google Ramps Up Header Bidding Alternative as Pressure Mounts From Facebook By George Slefo - 2 days ago 0 New McDonald's Campaign Tells Chicago to 'Make it a Mickey D's Morning' By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 Creativity Top 5: The Best Brand Ideas of the Past Week By Ann-Christine Diaz - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Lowdown: Nestle Is Latest to Pause Google Spending Published on March 29, 2017. The Lowdown is Ad Age's weekly look at news nuggets from across the world of marketing, including trends, campaign tidbits, executive comings and goings and more. Kit Kat maker Nestle joins the list of marketers halting Google/YouTube spending.   Credit: Nestle via KitKat via YouTube Add Nestle to the list of marketers that have stopped Google spending over the issue of ads being placed with objectionable content. "We have decided to pause our media buying with Google/YouTube and Google Display Network pending reassurances from them on actions to address the problem of brand advertising appearing on inappropriate websites," a spokeswoman said in an email statement. "Nestle uses a significant amount of online advertising for our brands, and we have taken measures to ensure that our media placements only appear on appropriate websites and other online channels." Nestle joins J&J, Walmart, General Motors, PepsiCo and others making similar moves since last week. Google declines to comment on advertising decisions by individual advertisers but said in a blog post last week that it's taking steps to give advertisers more control over where their ads appear and prevent placements on inappropriate content. Sure the Kraft Heinz takeover offer for Unilever seemed like a stretch, but how big? According to strategic consultancy Brand Finance, the value of the Unilever brand portfolio is more than double that of Kraft Heinz -- $42.9 billion vs. $20.2 billion. Then again, if the Brand Finance numbers are to be believed, maybe Kraft Heinz was onto something in terms of Unilever being undervalued. Unilever's sales are also more than twice as high as Kraft Heinz's, but the difference in sales is actually bigger than the difference in brand value, suggesting those sales aren't producing quite the value bang per buck for Unilever. At any rate, Unilever stock remains about 20% above where it stood before the offer, as its board continues to mull strategic options, so Kraft Heinz and their friends at 3G Capital seemingly did Unilever shareholders a favor. The deal fell through after Unilever rejected it and Berkshire Hathaway Chairman-CEO Warren Buffett made clear he wouldn't back a hostile bid. Unilever's Dove in recent years has celebrated curly hair without making an explicitly ethnic appeal, but now Procter & Gamble Co.'s Pantene is doing just that for an African-American market that often feels overlooked by mass brands. "There is still a level of inequality in how African-American hair is represented in popular culture and in mainstream hair-care advertising," Pantene said in a release. "Mass brands, like Pantene, have inadvertently been a part of this pervasive hair bias with a history of advertising showcasing a limited representation of African-American hairstyles." To address that, the brand launched an ad last week by Grey New York featuring brand ambassador Jillian Hervey with African-American women of all ages. The brand also has launched the Gold Series of premium products for African-American women. "Brad's wife," who as seemingly everyone knows by now was apparently let go from her 11-year job at Cracker Barrel, continues to generate buzz for the restaurant chain. Bradley Reid first posted about the issue on his personal Facebook page in late February, followed by another post in early March on his birthday, and things have escalated since then. So far, Cracker Barrel has let #JusticeforBradsWife and other comments lead the conversation. Digital content engagement around the brand has soared 304%, when comparing Feb. 27-March 28, 2017 to the month before, data from Amobee shows. Social interaction has picked up in the last few days, as people continue to pepper Cracker Barrel with comments and questions tied to Brad's wife and promote a Change.org petition seeking answers from the CEO on the dismissal of Nanette. From March 22-28, 92% of all Cracker Barrel digital engagement was related to Brad, Amobee said. Cracker Barrel, which has not responded to a request for comment, is seeing negative sentiment. From March 22 through 1 p.m. EDT March 28, the @CrackerBarrel handle was mentioned 7,400 times on Twitter. Sentiment around those tweets was 85% negative, 6% neutral and 9% positive, Amobee said. And as Cracker Barrel appears to be waiting this out, at least one other restaurant is getting into the conversation. A Chick-fil-A posted an image on Facebook with a "Now hiring Brad's wife" sign on March 23, and from then through March 28, 20% of all of Chick-fil-A's digital engagement was related to Brad. Someone let Nanette know. #justiceforbradswife #bosscow pic.twitter.com/8fEZQpW9f2 — ChickfilA GeorgiaSt (@cfageorgiast) March 24, 2017 "'Brad's Wife' didn't start as a Cracker Barrel-generated campaign but it can end as one," Jonathan Cohen, Amobee's principal brand analyst, said in a statement. "By finding a way to respond to the meme, and by amplifying that messaging across paid media, Cracker Barrel can leverage the high level of interest around the story and turn a negative into a positive." Onto some less-polarizing restaurant news … Some of Taco Bell's Live Más scholarship recipients got more than money to pursue and showcase varied passions. The scholarship was started to award students interested in a mix of topics, rather than basing funding on academics and athletics, and applicants submit videos to enter. Now, Taco Bell is promoting the effort in new ads created by and featuring recipients. The ads also feature taco packaging designed by scholarship recipients. The push coincides with the fifth anniversary of the Doritos Locos taco. Commercials that began airing Sunday remind people that for each a la carte Doritos Locos taco purchased March 23-April 8, Taco Bell will donate 10 cents (up to $500,000) to continue funding the scholarships. Taco Bell said it plans to award $1.3 million this year to 155 students, with awards ranging from $5,000 to $25,000. O'Keefe Reinhard & Paul created the commercials with content from the scholarship recipients, who were listed in the credits. "As we continue to grow the Live Más Scholarship program, our vision is that it becomes 'for the kids, by the kids,'" Chief Marketing Officer Marisa Thalberg said in a statement. Waze is taking the idea of in-app marketing and personalization one step further in a new partnership with longtime advertiser Dunkin' Donuts. Members of the Dunkin' Donuts DD Perks program who have the coffee chain's app can now order ahead within Waze. The navigation and traffic tracking app will locate the nearest Dunkin' Donuts restaurant and launch Dunkin's on-the-go ordering. Waze and Dunkin' said users can cut the line inside Dunkin' Donuts once they get there, but there's still not an option to jump to the front of the drive-thru line. Waze plans to roll out the order ahead feature "with more brand advertisers in the near future," Jordan Grossman, Waze's head of business partnerships, North America, said in a statement. One of marketing's longest-running streaks of success recently ended when Kroger Co. reported comparable-store sales fell in the fourth quarter, ending 52 quarters of growth in the measure that were fueled largely by a loyalty program run by Dunnhumby USA and later Kroger's fully owned offshoot of the agency, 84.51. CEO Rodney McMullen noted in a conference call earlier this month that he was "disappointed." Chief Financial Officer Mike Schlotman did offer some explanations, including grocery price deflation and the removal of 35 strong-performing stores from the calculation due to them being relocated or expanded. It's certainly not as exciting as Game 7 of last year's World Series, but T-Mobile is offering its users unlimited live streaming baseball for an entire year at no cost. The promotion kicks off April 4 during Major League Baseball's opening week, allowing subscribers to download both MLB.TV Premium and MLB.com At Bat Premium for free. The carrier's push is part of a weekly giveaway via the its "T-Mobile Tuesdays" app. Common freebies include free Papa John's Pizza or $15 Lyft credits. Next month's promotion, however, might be the biggest of the year, as both MLB.TV and MLB At Bat retail for about $115 combined. The promotion ends April 5. Ford Performance Credit: Ford Here's the latest example of brand-as-media provider: Ford announced today that it will be the exclusive live distribution channel this season for the FIA World Rallycross Championship Presented by Monster Energy. Twelve races will be streamed live on the Ford Performance Facebook page. "We are always looking for innovative ways to provide more value to our fans and customers in the U.S.," Henry Ford III, global marketing manager for Ford Performance, said in a statement. "Our partnership with IMG will not only make it easier for fans to watch Ken Block and Andreas Bakkerud live as they compete for the 2017 world championship, but it will also be an enhanced experience for those viewers." Finally, Lowdown has one executive move to report this week … Popeyes Chief Brand Officer Dick Lynch is leaving the chain now that it has been acquired by Restaurant Brands International Inc. Cheryl Bachelder, who just left the role of Popeyes CEO, in a statement called Mr. Lynch a "catalyst for Popeyes remarkable growth over the past nine years." Mr. Lynch led the effort of focusing on Popeyes' Louisiana roots in is food and marketing featuring spokeswoman Annie. He has been heavily involved in working on marketing succession plans, including finding a new chief marketing officer, Popeyes said. Contributing: Jack Neff, Jessica Wohl, George Slefo, E.J. Schultz In this article: Automotive Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [March 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: A few months later, and my Google Home is indispensable – and I’ve only scratched the surface Trending in Google Corporate Review: Samsung Chromebook Plus has a display and build worthy of Android apps [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 831.41 10.49 Android Wear 2.0 is now (actually) rolling out to Fossil Q Founder, Casio Smart Outdoor, & Tag Heuer Connected Stephen Hall - Mar. 29th 2017 9:42 am PT @hallstephenj Android Wear View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google said early last month that Android Wear 2.0 would be rolling out “over the coming weeks,” but the reality of the situation turned out to be that… the update wasn’t really hitting any Android Wear watches quite yet. Maybe that’s because Google wanted to keep 2.0 exclusive to its fancy new LG watches for a while, or maybe Google is just terrible at pushing software updates. But regardless, it now appears that a select few Android Wear smartwatches are truly, actually, for-real getting the update to Android Wear 2.0 starting today, and they’re not the first watches you’d expect… Book a Free Smart Home Consultation w/ Amazon Services The first three watches to get Android Wear 2.0 will be the Fossil Q Founder, the Casio Smart Outdoor Watch, and the Tag Heuer Connected, a post by a Google Community Manager on the Google Support Forums says: Hi everyone! The first watches that are getting Android Wear 2.0 via OTA update are the following watches: Fossil Q Founder Casio Smart Outdoor Watch Tag Heuer Connected These watches are starting to get OTA today and should roll out to all users by 4th April. Cheers! Ernest on behalf of Android Wear team So there you have it. If you have one of these three watches, keep an eye out for Android Wear 2.0 rolling out via OTA over the coming days. The watches are “starting to get OTA today” and it should be rolled out to all users of these watches by April 4th. As for the rest of the more than a dozen watches set to get Android Wear 2.0, well, all I can tell you is “soon” (I hope). Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Wear View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [March 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: A few months later, and my Google Home is indispensable – and I’ve only scratched the surface Trending in Google Corporate Review: Samsung Chromebook Plus has a display and build worthy of Android apps [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 831.41 10.49 Google finally brings its Calendar app to Apple’s iPad Jordan Kahn - Mar. 29th 2017 10:22 am PT @JordanKahn Apps & Updates Calendar View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google today announced the release of its Calendar app for iPad, which was previously only available for iPhone, Android smartphones and tablets and on the web. Best iPhone, iPad, & Apple TV game controllers The iPad version of Calendar will be a familiar UI to anyone that has used the app for iPhone, and also borrows from some of the user interface elements Google has implemented with the tablet app for Android. Google notes, however, that the app has been specifically optimized for iPad, noting that you’ll be able to search from the iPad home screen using Spotlight Search with the new iPad for Calendar app. With the new app, you’ll get all the Calendar features you know and love, now optimized for iPad. Use Calendar’s machine intelligence-powered features to: Find a time and book a room. Get everyone together faster for meetings. With smart scheduling, Calendar suggests meeting times and available rooms based on your team’s  availability and room preferences. Set Goals and achieve them. Add a goal and Calendar will intelligently schedule time for it so you can stick to it. Google also says that it has more features on the way following an initial release today, including a Today View Widget coming soon that will let users “easily see your upcoming events in the Notification Center and on the lock screen.” Here’s a look at the new iPad interface: The release comes just one week after the launch of Apple’s new low-cost 9.7-inch iPad. That device is expected to be popular within enterprise and education due to its new $329 price tag, and Google Calendar support will surely sweeten the deal for those already hooked into the Google Apps ecosystem. The Google Calendar app for iPad will be available on the App Store today as a free download. Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB Guides Calendar View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... The new Google Maps location sharing can share your location via links Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/03/28 2:48pm PDTMar 28, 2017 47 Plus 1 on G+ 80 Share on Facebook 61 Share on Twitter Total Shares188 Applications Google News Google started rolling out the new location sharing feature in Google Maps today, which is vastly more streamlined than the old method. You can share your location with a contact, of course, but there's more to it. You can also create links that share your location, and they come with all the same controls as contact sharing. To create a link, simply set the length of time you want your location shared and pick an app. Choosing a contact simply connects directly to their account, but using the "More" button at the bottom (or the shortcut next to it) creates a link. They're all "maps.app.goo.gl" URLs. You can do whatever you want with the link—email it, share it in a message, even tweet it. I don't know why you would do that, but you can. The links are managed just like connections to contacts. You can deactivate them at any time and view the current status in Maps. Each one is also unique, so you can set different lengths of time for different links. It's a bit similar to the photo sharing links built into Google Photos. Neat, right? Download: Maps (Play Store) Tags apps Google location location sharing maps subscribe ... Previous Story [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, ... ... Next Story V-Moda's Crossfade Wireless 2 headphones are more comfortable, better sounding, and last longer Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments Simps I checked 20 minutes a go and it wasn't available. It is now enabled for me. In the UK. The app never updated. Artem Russakovskii Yeah, it's a server side change. Total Insecurity I think you can force it, though. Here in Germany in German language I got it by doing the following: "[On my other phone] it could get activated by signing out and in again. Then you need to press the new widget and it should appear. Maybe try deleting a your cache like I did before as well! All you need to do is: Go to widgets in Android, add and click on the share location widget​." Dirge LOL. No need to jump through hoops. Just clear google map's cache and force stop, then open it again and viola! It is there. Total Insecurity Not everyone made that experience, I think. But you could be right, though. :) Ian Kumlien If you select settings from the three buttons on the right side, you can select which circles to share with but the settings can't be saved apparently demarcmj That is probably a remnant from G+. When I first went to that settings page yesterday, it complained at me that I needed a G+ profile. But today that went away and it's working. I imagine that circle sharing will probably go away entirely. Shaques So if you're sharing via a contact and not a link, that person needs to have Google Maps installed on their device (mainly thinking iOS) for it to work properly otherwise they apparently receive an email. Midas Gordon-Farleigh I think they'll need to be logged into their Google account too, obviously. I have many contacts that I can invite that definitely use Google maps, but haven't logged in - more particularly on iOS where it's not linked to the OS. Morten Ulv Just tested, no need to be logged in. JG Does it work on the web as well? If so iOS (and the few WP users) could access your location via maps.google.com via their web browser of choice without having to install Google Maps app... bulletmark Location sharing in the G+ app was poorly implemented and the web view was hopeless. This new native implementation in Maps seems to work great though, both on mobile and the web. F4LL0U7 Yeah even Latitude wasn't implemented so well. Let's hope this is something they stick with, and don't abandon it like they tend to do. demarcmj Agree, but Latitude was at least implemented better than G+ Rod Just got it. (Brazil) http://i.imgur.com/T13JaqD.png Carson Saldanha Before us US folks? Unacceptable! /s Rod Haters gonna hate. Dirge I'm in the US and I got it around Noon, Pacific Time. René Simonsen Would like to know how it works on the receiving end. Is that part integrated into Google Maps too? Can I share my location with an iOS user, and will he easily keep track of my location in his Google Maps app? ericshmerick iOS works as well, appeared on my iPhone a few hours ago. Should be platform independent as it's using Google's services/account to communicate. Giampi Working very well. I would like a persistent notification when sharing although. F4LL0U7 The option to have it would be good. They have that in Trusted Contacts. But for those of us who share indefinitely with a spouse, that would get annoying, so it would be good to be able to turn it off. Jennifercalvarez Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dy142c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !dy142c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs442ShopPageGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dy142c:....,...... Benjamin Pavel When this activated they also turned off the G+ location sharing...that sucks as I've had my mother and my cousin on there and it seems these shared locations are not transitioning to this new system which sucks! Biff Wonsley Yeah, you're gonna have to set them up again from scratch. Oddly, my G+ location sharing widget is still working, even though location sharing in my Maps is live. I know where my wife is, she doesn't know where I am. Even though she's sitting right next to me. F4LL0U7 Sharing via a link is a great idea. Does your location have a persistent link? Like, could my wife and I bookmark each other's locations on our desktops? Or would we have to share to a link and bookmark that? codemonkey85 If it's your wife, why even deal with links if you can share directly through Google accounts? But anyway, the links you generate are persistent, same as Photos sharing links... until they are revoked. F4LL0U7 We are sharing that way, I'm just wondering if there's a permalink directly to the user's location, (if someone is sharing with you) for bookmarking purposes. demarcmj I think I saw something in the video they put out that said sharing via link was limited to a certain duration. Can't be set as "ongoing." JG They're all "maps.app.goo.gl" URLs. You can do whatever you want with the link—email it, share it in a message, even tweet it. I don't know why you would do that, but you can. A food truck might want to tweet a link to their location so fans could come get food... create812 I can imagine some people will come up with clever and creative uses of this feature. mwolverine If my wife and I share location with each other (until we turn it off), will this be a massive battery drain? Rod Yes. GPS + location download/upload Jeroen Kap My guess: no. Your smartphone updates your location by default on standard times. I think this will benefit from that information. Only when you force a refresh in Maps it will gain new location data Rod Sure about that? Because then, it won't be exactly "live" tracking.. KappadeX That (actual battery and GPS use) will be the case when you navigate. And send the ETA link to a friend. I was assuming you meant the daily location sharing. The Pool Man I have this exact question too. demarcmj No more than usual. Your phone doesn't check location any more or less than it normally would. It just shares whatever your most recent location was. The only additional battery implications are the sharing part of it, but that's not a lot of data to transfer. Tomáš Petrík I hope they will add a feature to turn on/off the layer with the contact heads on the map, just like I can turn on/off traffic, satellite, etc. Sure, when I want to check where somebody is, I will enable that and look. But I don't want the icons in the map permanently (from family members who share the location indefinitely). demarcmj Yea that'd be nice. When it was Latitude, they had it implemented as a layer, like satellite or traffic, so it could do just that. HSidhu The sad part is that you have to turn on location history. groid Is location history required to be able to use this? I know you are asked to turn it on when setting up the sharing, but does it have to stay on? I really don't want to keep location history on and I have no use for timeline or any other location history feature. HSidhu I think it should be ON all the time but you should try turning it OFF and see if it still tells you your friend's location. let us know too. Matt Terk My Maps app crashes every time I try to enable Location Sharing, either by link or through the menu. Anyone else experienced this? Wiped cache/davlik, on PureNexus 7.1.1 Shamu, I am in the beta for Maps. Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 12 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 199 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 240 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 3 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 22 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 66 1 Year Ago Today Amazon Updates Its Policies To Ban USB Type-C Cables That Are Not Fully Spec Compliant 2016/03/29 8:29pm PDTMar 29, 2016 95 2 Years Ago Today Upbeat Monsters Icon Pack Fills Your Homescreen With Adorable Googly-Eyed Apps 2015/03/29 11:57am PDTMar 29, 2015 79 3 Years Ago Today Rumor: Google Now Will Help You Remember, Pay Your Bills [APK Teardown] 2014/03/29 11:55am PDTMar 29, 2014 69 4 Years Ago Today [New App] BBQScreen Mirrors Your Display On A Computer At 25FPS (Root Only) 2013/03/29 7:31pm PDTMar 29, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today WSJ: Google To Open Online Store This Year, Will Sell Tablets Independently Of Retailers (Perhaps With The Launch Of Jellybean) 2012/03/29 8:56pm PDTMar 29, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today Get Your Credit Cards Ready - Android In-App Billing System Now Live (P.S. Devs, No More Separate Lite/Paid Apps, Please) 2011/03/29 8:34pm PDTMar 29, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Upgrade Your Android Phone's External Storage With A-Data Turbo 16GB Class 6 MicroSD Card - Review And Benchmarks 2010/03/29 11:15pm PDTMar 29, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 111 queries | 0.313s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Official Google Calendar iPad App Finally Arrives By Adnan Farooqui on 03/29/2017 10:44 PDT For some reason, Google has taken an awfully long time to release an official Google Calendar iPad app. While Calendar has been available on iOS for a very long time now it was only designed for iPhones and wasn’t natively compatible with the iPad. Now with the iPad being the tablet of choice for millions of people across the globe, Google’s Calendar product was missing out on many potential users, and the company seems to have finally got its head around that which is why the official Google Calendar iPad app is now available for download. Two years after it launched Google Calendar for iOS, the company has finally updated the app with native support for the iPad. This enables Google Calendar to take full advantage of the iPad’s larger screen real estate. The update doesn’t bring any additional new features for the app so support for the iPad is pretty much it but new features are said to be in the pipeline. The official Google Calendar iPad app should be able to provide more tablet-oriented features in the months to come. Google is said to be developing a Today View widget for the app which will show users their upcoming schedule on both the device’s lock screen as well as in the notification center. It has been a big feature request since the app arrived and it should be launched for users in the not so distant future. Filed in Tablets. Read more about Apps, Google and iPad. Related Articles 2017-03-29 Android Wear 2.0 Released For Tag Heuer, Fossil, And Casio Smartwatches 2017-03-28 Google’s iOS App Comes With Gboard Built Into It 2017-03-28 Google+ Location Sharing Feature Disabled 2017-03-28 Waze Lets Users Order From Dunkin’ Donuts On The Way To Work 2015-10-22 Chrome For iOS Updated With Support For iOS 9’s Multitasking 2015-10-14 Google Translate For iOS Updated With Split View Support 2013-03-08 Google Field Trip Helps iOS Users Learn More About Their World 2013-02-28 YouTube For iOS Gets Send To TV Feature With Xbox 360, PS3, Smart TV Support Sony Announces ‘Venom’ Movie For Release Next Year Lucid Motors' Electric Car Price Confirmed Woman's Headphones Explode Mid-Flight Google’s Allo Can Reveal Your Search History To Your Friends Project Scorpio To Feature Internal Power Supply And 4K Game DVR Google And Levi's Smart Jacket Launches This Fall For $350 User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Partner Content Intelligence Back Whitepapers and eBooks Survey Reports Webinars Polls Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs Events More Back About Us Meet the team Advertise with us Get our newsletter 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Partner Content Intelligence Back Whitepapers and eBooks Survey Reports Webinars Polls Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs Events More Back About Us Meet the team Advertise with us Get our newsletter 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Samsung seems to get it right with crucial new Galaxy S8 smartphone Written by Scott Bicheno 1 day ago Failure was not an option with the launch of Samsung’s new flagship smartphone but a refreshed design, new voice UI and a bunch of clever accessories all look positive. The New York launch event was hosted by DJ Koh, President of the Mobile Communications Business at Samsung Electronics, and he did a good job of bringing a bit of personality to the event. Samsung launches have historically been uncomfortable, forced attempts to emulate the Steve Jobs style, but Koh looks relaxed and confident – even joking that he fancied a pint of London Pride after the event. Koh admitted it’s been a tough year for Samsung – presumably referring mainly to the Note7 debacle – and unsurprisingly stressed things like safety and security are paramount concerns. He was also quick to stress how closely Samsung works with Google, perhaps to salve the company’s continued attempts to wrest control of the UI and the customer relationship away from Android. The product itself was launched with the slogan ‘unbox your phone’, which is a reference both to the new display and all the empowering tools the S8 comes with. The ‘infinity display’ seems to be a continuation of the S7 Edge form factor, with the screen curving around the sides of the device, creating a bezel-free look. The hard home button has finally been replaced with a pressure-sensitive bit at the bottom of the screen, resulting in the impression of significantly increased screen real-estate. In terms of hardware the rest of it consisted of the kind of incremental component tweaks we have come to expect, including better cameras and a new 10nm SoC that appears to be Samsung’s own Exynos brand, as opposed to Snapdragon, which isn’t great news for Qualcomm. There’s a 5.8-inch S8 and a 6.2-inch S8+, which makes you wonder whether Samsung is planning to ditch the Note phablet brand after all, since the ill-fated Note7 only had a 5.7-inch screen. Here’s the full spec list in comparison with the S7 devices they replace. So far so standard. The phone itself seems at least adequate and there seem to be no reasons for Samsung loyalists to flee the brand. The special sauce, however, came in the form of Bixby, which is the name Samsung has given to its AI-driven personal assistant. The easy assumption is that this is Samsung’s belated attempt to get into the Siri, Google Assistant or Alexa space but it seems to be designed more to take voice UI to the next level. It’s apparently context-aware and sensitive to natural language, so you can say things like “send this to Dave” and there’s half a chance it will know what ‘this’ is. The focus seems to be on making control of the phone itself easier and more intuitive rather than introducing some kind of utopian HAL to anticipate your every need. In fact Bixby seems to refer more to the AI special sauce in general, as Samsung also ascribes that brand to some new augmented reality available through the camera and a Google Now-style handy card system that you access by swiping right on the home screen. Samsung was once more careful to stress Bixby supports some Google apps, and the usefulness of it will probably depend on 3rd-party developers writing Bixby support into their apps. There were other bits of standard Samsung bloatware such as fitness tracker apps, but one that has promise is Samsung Connect, which is an app designed to give control of a bunch of consumer IoT devices including, inevitably, Samsung smart fridges. Samsung has even produced its own router – the Connect Home – which doubles as an IoT hub. On top of all that Samsung went pretty big on VR, launching a motion-sensitive controller for the Gear VR and a new VR platform for premium content. There was also a new Gear 360 camera, one of which Samsung bribed everyone in attendance at the event with. The last accessory was DeX – a docking station that not only syncs the S8 with a monitor, keyboard and mouse, but also creates a full desktop environment for all kinds of productivity fun. Commentators seem pretty positive about the launch. “Hardware design plays a big role in attracting the customer but it’s software and services that keeps them,” said Geoff Blaber, Analyst at CCS Insight. “The latter has long been Samsung’s Achilles heel so the additions such as the Bixby voice assistant and the artificial intelligence engine behind it will be key to Samsung’s future success. “In the past it has felt like Samsung has added in features and technologies purely to have the most comprehensive spec list in the market. With the S8 Samsung has taken a far more thoughtful approach to delivering a complete product with features that add value for consumers.” “Samsung was always going to need to pull a seriously large rabbit out of the hat after last year’s Note 7 debacle, and with the Galaxy S8 they may well have done just that,” said Earnest Doku of uSwitch.com. “…it remains to be seen whether their AI interface Bixby becomes a piece of core functionality, as opposed to Samsung’s effort to keep abreast in the fast-paced world of Amazon’s Alexa and Google Home with voice-driven assistants. “The S8’s decision to hold onto the 3.5mm headphone jack, however, is a crowd-pleasing move that underlines their customer-first mindset in a bid to regain faith in the brand. All in all, it’s a confident step for the brand back into its comfortable smartphone heartland.” We agree. Samsung deserves credit for moving on from the fawning apology phase necessitated by the Note7 unpleasantness and striking a confident, relaxed tone, as illustrated by the excellent Gear VR ad below, which amusingly promotes the hashtag #DoWhatYouCant that users should be careful not to misspell. Samsung is even throwing in a pair of $99 Harman earbuds with every phone so, barring unforeseen disasters, the Galaxy S8 phones should be just what Samsung needs them to be – big sellers.   Tags: AI, AR, featured, Galaxy S8, Samsung, smartphone, voice UI, VR AI & Machine Learning World Samsung Electronics Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content ZTE taken off the US naughty step Ericsson finally has a plan – flog media and cloud hardware units, double-down on services and IoT Samsung embraces Note7 ‘USP’ and chases adrenaline junkies Mobile malware attacks at an all-time high – Nokia Webinars View all Smart Cities: Analyzing the Opportunities & Threats for Telcos 13 April 2017 White Papers View all Digital Transformation Operator Survey Report Share 24 Feb 2017 Smart cities: what are the opportunities for telcos? Share 17 Feb 2017 Tomorrow’s world – what is the future of telecoms? Share 03 Feb 2017 Events View all Channel Partners Conference and Expo 10-13 April 2017 View Event Broadband Forum Asia 11-12 April 2017 View Event Next Generation Optical Networking Asia 11-12 April 2017 View Event Polls View all With Amazon and Google launching smart home initiatives, have the telcos missed out on their chance to cash in on this market? Yes, Google and Amazon will now dominate this space Consumers won't have made up their mind No, Google and Amazon will not be able to replace the telcos in the mind of the consumer  Loading ... Twitter View all #Sky Mobile swims against tide with handset swap scheme https://t.co/9KK6Cksjxe #handsetsdevices #mvno #handsets 29 March 2017 @ 17:50:48 UTC #Samsung seems to get it right with crucial new Galaxy S8 #smartphone https://t.co/g55LzjLHM7 #ai #handsetsdevices 29 March 2017 @ 17:50:47 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2017. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google disables location sharing in Google+ before enabling it for everyone in Google Maps Rita El Khoury Follow View All Posts 2017/03/28 1:14am PDTMar 28, 2017 239 Plus 1 on G+ 147 Share on Facebook 90 Share on Twitter Total Shares476 Applications Google News Last week, Google announced new location sharing features in Google Maps that would allow you to easily share your current position momentarily or indefinitely with select people. The option is the same that we've had in Google+ for a few years, except it would now be in the app that made most sense, Maps. It also follows Google's trend of decoupling options and features from Google+. In the official announcement, Google said the feature would be rolling out "soon" worldwide, but didn't give an exact timeline, and we have yet to see it on our devices regardless of the version of Maps we're running. However, Google has gone ahead and disabled it in Google+ for many users, making it momentarily impossible for them to share their location in either app. What these users are seeing when they head to the Locations tab in Google+ is a message telling them to move to Google Maps. If they tap the button to switch to Maps, they get redirected to a help page that offers updating Google Maps because the new feature is not yet live in their current version. And if they finally tap to update Google Maps, they're redirected to the Play Store with no update in sight for Maps.   Go to Google Maps. Update Google Maps. And there's no update for Google Maps. Huh?! It looks like a case of eager fingers pulling the plug too soon on the feature from Google+ without making sure it's already live in Maps. Or, better yet, miscommunication between the teams and lack of clear timeline planning to make sure all users have the alternative live for them before killing the previous option. Couples, parents and children, friends, and teams who relied on this feature to follow each other's progress are left without a functional location sharing. In the interim, I suggest maybe you give Trusted Contacts a try to at least have the option to request someone's location if you're worried about them. It's not the same as live sharing, but it should cover the most crucial situations while Google sorts this mess out and releases an update to Maps. Thanks: Arie Litman, Leo Chan, Paul Scotto, Augusto Matias, Andy, Kanishk Singh Tags Google google maps live location sharing location sharing subscribe ... Previous Story 2017 Moto X leaks in several photos, doesn't impress with specs or design ... Next Story The OnePlus 3T Midnight Black edition is now available for $479 Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments SSyar damnit., dilorenzo I already have a proper name for it.... "Google Latitude" Madalenelstevens Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dg310c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !dg310c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs600WebPostGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dg310c:....,.... Dennis Ulijn More like "Google Attitude" UniBroW Everything that is old is new again HSidhu Old is Gold Soundjudgment ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Or in the Google Universe: "Everything New... is Old." Justin It's not the same, some people just too dumb to realize including the OP. This is real-time location sharing get it? Google Latitude and Google+ both only update our location periodically. Did you even watch the video? Jay Latitude did have real time location sharing. You could use real time location for up to a certain time limit. They put a time limit so you wouldn't drain the other person's​ battery. After the time limit, you could just keep requesting real time updates though. Justin No, Google Latitude does not have real-time location sharing, it was the same like Google+ which updates you the current location only if you open the app, it updates the location periodically. https://youtu.be/Q-Oq-9enE-k Jay Yes it did. I am 100% sure it did. I used to use it all the time. Before Latitude was folded into Google+ Latitude had real time location sharing, but was removed because it used up too much battery. There are entire forums dedicated to asking what happened to Latitude real time location sharing. Justin Nope, i was a Google Latitude user too, it was not real-time. Also it didn't even mention a single word "real-time" in Google Latitude Wikipedia page. Jay Google maps 4.6 https://techcrunch.com/2010/10/28/latitude-real-time/ As I said. It existed, it was awesome and it was removed due to poor battery life. Justin Ok, you're half right, it was in Google Maps v4.6 instead of Google Latitude and it was experimental, guess i wasn't that lucky enough to experience it. Was it only available for a short time before they removed it? Jay Google Latitude was the sharing portion of Google maps. They were never 2 separate apps. I was not half right, I was completely right. They removed it because you could track someone real time and the person being tracked would have their battery killed in a couple hours from nonstop GPS use. After a month they put a time limit and within the year they shut it down, then a few months later it got rolled into google+. Justin Ok mate, but why the real-time location sharing was stripped off when it got integrated into Google+? It's was such a powerful feature. demarcmj They were technically two separate apps. Kinda like how Google Street View is it's own app even though it is essentially an extension for the Maps app. But they were tightly integrated. makapav In fact, Latittude was a very smart implementation of Google Maps. It could show a parallel instance of the Maps app layer - with the bubbles even while you were navigating in the 'main app instance'. I doubt they were smart enough to do the same thing this time because there is not 'second' Latitude/Locations launch icon yet. shubjero I remember real time sharing with Google Latitude. Jay is spot on here. makapav Yes. You are correct. In Latitude you had the option to 'request immediate location update' for a particular bubble provided the remote phone supported it. It was added in subsequent updates. Lars Jeppesen Yep, used it too. U are right Aaron Berlin In my experience, people found the combination of "always on" location with an actual dot on a map a little invasive. Somebody would describe a problem to me, Latitude would be the obvious solution, but the response I'd get was almost always "that's pretty creepy". Maybe it's me! Justin Well, you can always opt not to share it. demarcmj I think you're making assumptions based on only very little information Google has actually provided on this. With Latitude (and G+) it always shared your most recent location. If the person on the other hand had the maps app open, then their location was updating constantly on their phone, and you saw it on your phone updating in more-or-less real time. If they didn't have the maps app open, the regular background polling rate resumed, and you only got updates whenever their phone decided to check in. Aside from the addition of the "navigation sharing" there's no reason to think this won't work exactly the same way that Latitude always did. This "real time" text is probably overblown marketing. I find it really hard to believe that if you turn on sharing, your GPS poll rate is going to be pegged to the maximum 100% of the time. Your battery would die in 2 hours. Google makes some questionable decisions, but they're not that stupid. Justin Well, Jay just explained that Google Latitude was available in real-time location sharing just for a year before Google pull the plug so I didn't get the chance to experience it, late adopter i guess. No, Google+ was not real-time even if you open the Google+ location page and you drive around, i tested this myself and it was periodically. demarcmj The sharing was always your most recent location. So if the person had maps open, their location is constantly updating and therefore the sharing was more-or-less real time. I did that all the time... opening up navigation even when I knew where I was going, just so my wife could see me moving (and vice versa). I literally did this a week ago. It works. Granted, the app itself didn't update as fast, if you were just staring at it, but if you refreshed the persons location, you'd get a fresh position every time Justin No mate, i tested it too, the GPS dot does not move in real-time in the Google+ location page, unlike the Google Maps GPS dot always moves in real-time with or without turn-by-turn navigation turned on. But once you restart Google+ the location only will be updated. I agree with you on "more or less" the same as real-time but definitely not 100% real-time in every single second. demarcmj Well I used it all the time. Like I said, you did have to refresh the location manually when you wanted to check (although you shouldn't have needed to restart the G+ app entirely). Justin Yes not necessary need to restart the app, just hit the refresh button will do. But did you notice that when you're hitting the refresh button constantly, it doesn't update immediately, same goes to restarting the app, it has a cool down duration and i guess it has something to do with Location History because Google+ location sharing only can operate if you turned on Location History. Nathaniel Yang I have tracked my partner on G+ before and its pretty close to real time. They tell you the last known location of the person and even tell you when they were last here. In my case its usually a minute ago or less. Ryan Who cares, youre bitching about semanitcs. It was as realistic as real-time location sharing got then and it was where it should have been, built into a mapping software. It just updated in a reasonable span and you could ping for a more recent update, but you didnt need input from the share-er. If you really want to be a pedantic ass then you could argue that THIS isnt going to be real-time either, because really doing that doesnt scale. Justin Oh look a bitch who cared enough to leave a comment. Ryan Who cares was about your shitty logic in an attempt to tell yourself youre right about something you were universally wrong about. But as I scrolled down I saw all of your responses to everyone clawing at any way to be right . It was too pathetic to continue pointing out so Ill let you have at it. Now as for the topic at hand, I do care about it. Justin Google Maps location sharing is going to be real-time whether you like it or not bitch. Ryan It would be hilarious of the trademark expired on it and someone else got it from them. I was so pissed when they broke Google Latitude and moved it to + because they never took the feature over to Apple. So it broke location sharing for the family since my parents had Iphones. It should, at this point, be something they supported universally. It really helped when the parents had a breakdown while we were all in a foreign city, we could find them easily. Nicholas Well, that was the one think I was using Google + for these days. DELETED Duncankrebbers Same here! I wonder how long it will take before Google Apps users will get this feature in maps. Especially since "saved lists" still aren't available for us either. Peter Been wondering the same thing. Also, the 'places with upcoming events' doesn't work eithet yet. Duncankrebbers I'm seriously considering switching to an @gmail.com account on my phone, just to have access to features like these and Google Music Family etc. Just wished there was an easy way to do this. Peter I am slowly migrating over myself. I have my old g apps and a gmail account on my pixel. There is a 4 month free for play music promo at the mo too. Duncankrebbers Sounds like a good incentive to make the switch, thanks! Gerardo Sarabia I did that a couple years ago because support sucks for business accounts, do it, it's way better. You'll never get rid of your old account, tho, unless you purchase everything in the Google Play Store again, or transfer all your data from Drive or Google Photos, or videos on YouTube, or change your email on every single service you subscribed before... very annoying. Google should allow profiles to be linked to multiple emails. It just makes sense. James Bray I did this a year ago, and while it was a total pain in the ass for a couple of weeks, it's okay now. I then set up mail forwarding with my domain registrar to forward e-mails to my GApps address to my gmail one. Ryan Ugh, I didnt think about that. I hope they dont drag their feet to get this up and working again. There are a few things good about apps but Googles implementation of anything even remotely tied to "security" is hot garbage. And youre supposed to pay for that hot garbage! Ryan So I just got it on my apps/G Suite account, so at least in this instance we arent left behind. Paulo Apps for Business user here. I got it yesterday. Total Insecurity Not long if you press some magic buttons :D "Edit: I just tried the same on my other device. There it could get activated by signing out and in again. Then you need to press the new widget and it should appear. Maybe try deleting a your cache like I did before as well! I think I just found out how to activate the new share live location in Google Maps. All you need to do is: Go to widgets in Android, add and click on the share location widget​ That way I immediately got the new update! I hope it works for you as well!" demarcmj I deleted my G+ profile the day they announced the location sharing in Maps. I don't care if it takes a week or so to roll out. I'm so glad to have that shit off my phone. Ryan Same here. cocolopecita You still need Google+ if you want to post comments on the Play Store or YouTube. Oxfordmark Grrr, lost locations in G+ app and its not in Maps! Hansjuerg Wuethrich Google Idiots! Is there just one thing they can do right ?! Since a year or so they are just Grrrr !!!! Total Insecurity Edit: I just tried the same on my other device. There it could get activated by signing out and in again. Then you need to press the new widget and it should appear. Maybe try deleting a your cache like I did before as well! I think I just found out how to activate the new share live location in Google Maps. All you need to do is: Go to widgets in Android, add and click on the share location widget​ That way I immediately got the new update! I hope it works for you as well! ﻿ CD Andrews Someone needs to fire the intern. Last week he broke Drive, now this. makapav The intern's the guys fixing everything. James Bray What's strange, is that there is a widget available from Google Maps for "Friends Location" and one for "Share Location" but trying to add these to the home screen gives "Get Started" page and then just dumps you into the app. Looks like the app is up to date, but the server needs a switch flipped. I'm on the Google Maps Beta app. Imre I agree - this is very likely BomberLT Same here. I wonder how many people have this server side switch already on. Total Insecurity I have it in Germany. I had to do press some magic buttons and then I instantly got the server side update 😎🤓 Amir Arsyad It is live for me https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/8dc4777ce2271b8b70b8b9448e466d94a21c24df6616a1307b55aa342bd974cb.png demarcmj It's starting to show up for a few people now. I think they started the rollout at the same time they killed the feature in G+. Artem Russakovskii Which is just so blatantly idiotic. demarcmj https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/47636d452e9cdd20b07a2a23a2e039381471a7aebca8a6bf49b7bd5bbde0086d.png makapav PS. Did they screw up all existing shares from Google+ Locations like they did with Latitude > Google+? demarcmj I don't have it yet, but there is a 100% chance that that is the case. makapav You should now be able to add others that should force activate it on their IDs like most other Google rollouts. BFRC My G+ Locations is not disabled, but there are no people left that share their locations with me, strangely enough. I need to say though: if you migrate a service, which sensible company would allow for downtime in the first place? It feels weird that Maps lacks the feature. Peter Reboot your device, and G+ locations will disappear. Although the empty widget still exists. SSyar clearing G+ data does that for me Justin Just restart the app itself will do. No need to reboot device. Justin Just restart the app itself will do. Ryan They broke the location sharing before killing it with an app update. Mine was broken for a few days prior. furioustoaster Mine was working up until it disappeared today Martin Korbel Location sharing in maps is live for me... Peter What version of maps are you running and what country are you in? Martin Korbel 9.49.2, Czech Republic Peter Thanks, i live in hope it is a quick global rollout. Rita El Khoury It's only live for a small subset of users, but not everyone. Hence why it's weird that it was disabled in Google+ before reaching complete rollout in Maps. ChicagoPete It's live for me this morning in the US. I'm pretty sure it wasn't there before, at least when the original story came out last week. Ryan They actually broke it about 48 hours ago anyway. While G+ behaved normally everyone I had sharing turned on with disappeared from my location sharing lists. Total Insecurity I think this could be of interest to you and everyone else who likes this be feature: "Edit: I just tried the same on my other device. There it could get activated by signing out and in again. Then you need to press the new widget and it should appear. Maybe try deleting a your cache like I did before as well! I think I just found out how to activate the new share live location in Google Maps. All you need to do is: Go to widgets in Android, add and click on the share location widget​ That way I immediately got the new update! I hope it works for you as well! Roy Santos I'm sure that years ago this used to be in Google Maps, before they made it less functional by moving it to the (then brand new) Google+. At least it's finally going back to where it should be, even if they are messing up the transition. John Monks FFS Google, my wife and I use this all the time. It's particularly useful for checking if the other is driving before making a distracting (and illegal if they answer) phone call. Thank you Rita for the Trusted contacts suggestion but it doesn't really fit our needs. Just have to hope they don't take forever to replace it. Darius_bd Glympse? https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.glympse.android.glympse John Monks Thanks, I've added it to my wishlist for consideration if the gmaps share doesn't show up soon (or it doesn't work well when it does). dxdydz I've been using Glympse for a couple years now. One thing I like about it is that if the other person doesn't have the Glympse app it just send them a link that opens a web app with the real-time location data. This link feature works great for people who don't have the app. Which is just about everybody. Google Maps' location integration is nice because most people have Google Maps, except the people who use Apple Maps (I'm in the US). I haven't heard anything about the new location integration in Google Maps having any sort of share function similar to Glympse, which is kind of a bummer. I could see it being beneficial. ALSO what's neat about Glympse is you can open the link on your computer too. Abhilash Bingi If they don't have a Google Account: People with this link can see your location for as long as you choose, up to 72 hours. From: https://support.google.com/plus/answer/3302509?co=GENIE.Platform%3DAndroid&oco=1 dxdydz Great news! Sorry Glympse... Total Insecurity You can also share the link to anyone in Google Maps' live location sharing ;D Lars Jeppesen Yeah same here.. this is pretty stupid, Google.. I'm jumping to Glympse for the time being.. Total Insecurity I make it shorter for you: Edit: I just tried the same on my other device. There it could get activated by signing out and in again. Then you need to press the new widget and it should appear. Maybe try deleting a your cache like I did before as well! I think I just found out how to activate the new share live location in Google Maps. All you need to do is: Go to widgets in Android, add and click on the share location widget​ That way I immediately got the new update! I hope it works for you as well! ﻿ Virtud When they deleted Google Latitude years ago, I started using Life360 for my family. Try that if only temporary until they enable this new sharing feature in Maps. catalysto Not to sound like an ass or anything, but why don't you just trust each other not to answer while you're driving? Seems like a waste of time to have that extra step every time you want to call. Also, depending on where you are, handsfree while driving is a (totally legal) option. John Monks I do trust her not to answer the phone, but rather than call, and then assume a lack of an answer means she's driving and hope she remembers to return the missed call when she arrives, I can just wait until she gets there and call her then. Its not the only use case we have for it, just one example I gave. And yes, hands free calling is legal in some places, but it's not where I am, so that's not really relevant. John Monks So apparently impotently shaking my fist in the general direction of Mountain View worked, and the feature is now active in maps for me, good luck to those still waiting Total Insecurity Bro. To make it faster read this. It should enable the new (old) feature in an instant: "Edit: I just tried the same on my other device. There it could get activated by signing out and in again. Then you need to press the new widget and it should appear. Maybe try deleting a your cache like I did before as well! I think I just found out how to activate the new share live location in Google Maps. All you need to do is: Go to widgets in Android, add and click on the share location widget​ That way I immediately got the new update! I hope it works for you as well!" Cristian Sebeni-Grec I have the new Share Location working on Google Maps v9.49.2 Andy Kennedy I have this version in UK too but not live for me. Google really are messing things up for its users in many things this year and it isn't looking great for them. I'm finding it so hard to keep reccommending their products to people when they pull poop like this! SteveO Location sharing in maps is live for me as well (Germany). Rita El Khoury But it's not live for all users, hence the "for everyone" in the title. Those who don't have it yet have no option in the meantime. JG Just to clarify... When we talk of the location sharing inside G+ that's been removed... I'm assuming/hoping we're referring to a feature that I apparently didn't know existed, that would be similar to what will be available via the Maps app... And not the Facebook like ability to tag your posts with your current location.... I don't tag many of my (unfortunately infrequent) posts, but I have found it to be useful from time to time... And in checking G+ I see I still have the ability to tag my posts, so either Google brought it back or hasn't taken it from me yet, or I was right and it's some other service... Gerardo Sarabia Same feature exactly as the one Google Maps is getting. It was on maps, then they moved it to G+, and now it's making a comeback. Nathan J Maps would be the logical place for location sharing, but the third-party app Glympse has been doing such a great job at this for so long, it's only a trivial fact that Google offers a similar service, first in Google+, and soon in Google Maps. Google's Maps implementation might even make more sense than Glympse, which would be the redundant app, as opposed to Maps, but with Google's habit of dismantling services for no good reason would leave those of us who have been around the block a few times just sticking with Glympse, lacking a reason to change from it. I don't have the option to share my location in Google Maps. Apple Maps has the option to mark my location, and then share that, but I assume it doesn't follow me like Glympse does. I'm pretty sure I can do this in Google Maps as well. Just to be clear though — the forthcoming Google Maps feature will actively follow you, like Glympse does now? So for example two people can share their location with one another, and find each other, in real time, on the map, like they can now with Glympse? Because really, I think that's easily within one of the top 10 coolest things you can do with smartphones, as well as identify songs (SoundHound, Shazam, and others), tune in to TVs in bars/restaurants (Tunity), listen to your hometown's radio if you're not there (TuneIn Radio), and ride sharing/modern taxi (Uber/Lyft). Oh, and paying for stuff with your phone (Android/Apple/Samsung Pay). Gerardo Sarabia Yes, it's gonna follow you. This options was called Latitude as a feature of Google Maps, it's just making a comeback and I think this time is here to stay. You can replace Glympse now... or in a few hours when the feature goes live for everybody. Nathan J I think I remember Latitude. Blue arrow icon, actually came with Maps in Android 2.x? Or was that the navigation shortcut? Because I remember that vaguely. So the feature is a server side flip as opposed to an app update? I just checked and I see no updates. Of course, I'm on the dark side, though Opinion Rewards aside, Google doesn't tend to show preference to Android over iOS. To much dismay of Android loyalists. I'll definitely give it a shot, though. Gerardo Sarabia Your app is probably up to date, Google just needs to activate the feature from their servers, very likely that's gonna happen today. demarcmj The blue arrow was navigation. The Latitude icon looked like this... https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5e4f9c487ba8715d966da912006582bdbeca4f72be72b020376ca3cc01efcc1c.jpg 4Ui812 Is it just me or did all these issues with Google start cropping up around the time as the name change to alphabet ? Rob Also think so Chcheri Do I have to add all the people I share my location with (and vice versa) all over again? Morten Ulv That's safe to assume, yes. gus70 Yes Lynxy I have maps location sharing available, am on beta if that helps. Morten Ulv Screenshots? Lynxy https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/64e265fd1fee3fc21017bb901a69f0c832eba0bd600d5cc9500136a08ee03d4f.png Morten Ulv Awesome. Looks like the rollout has begun, ever so slightly. When did you get it? Lynxy Not completely sure, I checked when the first AP article came out a couple of days ago and it wasn't there yet, checked today if G+ already removed it and followed the link from G+ app to Maps and it worked :) Lynxy This is interesting, you can add a shortcut to quickly share with a specific person: https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/12a5b1883abb166cc9afa14f2fab1376824dded2e48c760b342f7193cff8f36b.png Sebastian Is anyone able to enable this for Circles? MaximumFish Well that explains why my sharing list was empty yesterday. I just thought everyone had simultaneously decided they didn't like me - including my wife. Didn't get any message about the service moving to Maps either. James Bray Looks like you only get that message if you open Google+ and then click locations. Using a widget or something just takes you to an empty tracking list. Ryan And only after a G+ update. Mine was like his, mine had been broken prior to getting the update for G+ cdotlawrence https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/1882d22c61331730c54a3233ce104b4123ceaab2599a2a8214f4ec5c6bb04e6a.png I gots it Imre niiiiice Oxfordmark Nothing! :( demarcmj The rollout is starting. Other people across the internet are getting it too. Total Insecurity Like me (in Germany). Ron Christensen Jr. What the heck? My menu doesn't have "share location" .... Should I uninstall and install? I have an android... Rod Google always slowly rolls out new features. You'll receive it in the next couple days. Ryan Server side switch. Mine just showed up, no restart or update at all. If anything maybe just terminate the app so it has to launch, but nothing more. Total Insecurity Magic buttons: "Edit: I just tried the same on my other device. There it could get activated by signing out and in again. Then you need to press the new widget and it should appear. Maybe try deleting a your cache like I did before as well! I think I just found out how to activate the new share live location in Google Maps. All you need to do is: Go to widgets in Android, add and click on the share location widget​ That way I immediately got the new update!" Marcelove Dude, take down your photo... You didn't blur your email at it... ;-) Bo Mathis Google starting to operate like our federal government (of Zimbabwe)😕 Fifth313ment This happened to me yesterday on both myself and my wife's phone. Thank god we have Waze (Google Owned also, arg) as we could still see if each other got to work and home safely. This is just another example of Google's arrogance as a company and as their own SJW objectives. I only use Google as nothing else works like it does and the integration is great even though they are douchesacks. They took away Google Latitude to force everyone to Google Plus and now they are going back to Google Maps but without just pushing over our already shared contacts instead of making millions of people have to go over everything step by step again. I get calls from angry Google users (almost always older) everyday as Google arbitrarily changes things like icons in Google maps or icons here or there. They simply can't stick with anything for more than a few months. And with before someone says everything they provide is FREE, that is BS. They know where I work, where I go for lunch, what stores I shop at, how long I stay there, which ways I go home, what I search for all without me having to post anything on ANY social media site ( I don't have dacebook). So everyone is paying Google one way or another even by having just a Gmail account. The sad part is that it makes our lives so much better that we really have no other choice unless we want to go back to paper, pen and a map. Fluck off Google and you're left wing SJW agenda. Fluck you for changing everything constantly. You are no better than Microsoft removing the start button douchesacks (trying to avoid censors). And the whole sad part of this rant is there is nothing I, or any of us, can do about it as there are no good replacements for them (and I domt want to hear about M$ and Bing/Live B$). /rant johnforamerica Holy shit man... How can I subscribe to your anti-SJW newsletter? jibust I already have the new location sharing on Google Maps, but I'm on the beta program. noodlynooman Did you need to do anything special to get it? I am on the beta program too and don't have location sharing yet. jibust No, just using the latest version 9.49.2 Bo Mathis Android Police is the only news source that has reported this; hats off to you guys. Google, who I have immense respect for, dropped a turd on this one. The lack of communication between division (Google+ and Google Maps) has left a GAP instead of an OVERLAP in the location sharing feature. Inexcusable. Michael Tran This happened at such a bad time. Family member was over an hour late without response and I went to check for location in Google plus just to come across this!! Needless to say I was freaking out a bit. Bad move Google! We came out on the positive side of things but a company as big as Google should be able to get the little things right. demarcmj Fixed the title for you Rita... "Google disables location sharing in Google+ before enabling it for anyone in Google Maps" Kaleb Peters Yeah the title confused me too... What I first got from it was Google disabled G+ locations and then enabled Maps locations And I thought "so what's the problem?" augustojr Also sucks that even if Google enables it for me doesn't mean it will enable it for my friends and family. Chris Sanner this is, in fact, bullshit. Jordan L Doesn't their "Trusted Contacts" app how location sharing ability. Is that out for iOS yet? demarcmj It's not the same. You can't leave it on all the time, it's not conveniently bundled in the Maps app, and it has annoying notifications any time you share and/or request location. It has it's own uses, but it's not the same. Ocepi Almost got in trouble with my wife because of this, she thought I was "hiding". Facebook messenger just added an option to share location as well, but it's limited to 60 minutes at a time. Poor form Google. Midas Gordon-Farleigh Agree. The rollouts take so long... cocolopecita Seriously, dude? Your wife HAS TO KNOW where you are at all times? Hello marial issues! Kath Stennett I use location sharing in Google + with several contacts, extremely useful when we/they are travelling so I'm very annoyed that it has been removed but is not available in Maps yet. What dreadful planning on Google's part! Also the help seems to imply that we'll all have to set our sharing up again once it is available! Is that really true? We didn't need to when this moved from Latitude to Google +, I found that all my contacts were still located. It could take ages to liaise with everyone and get it set back up again DragoCubed Google keeps messing stuff up. I'm getting really tired of this. Red Bungholes. Stacy Scott Way to screw the pooch. You suck google. Stacy Scott So for those that see location sharing is it obvious how this works? DeAno Jackson I have the feature in my Google Maps. Unfortunately no one else I know does yet, so I can't even test it. Jonathan Campbell So, I just updated Google+ and that enabled sharing in maps somehow. Maps version is still 9.49.2 but no sharing before G+ update then immediately enabled after update. This seems pretty odd. Midas Gordon-Farleigh Coincidence! I just updated G+ and no such luck. Paul Arbour On again, off again. Last night locations in G+ turned off, then it was back, now it's gone again. then this morning it was back again, now it's gone again, and it isn't in maps yet.. Thanks Google. Kent @khouryrt:disqus Just got a Google+ update. Clicking on locations on the latest app goes to the new share page for Maps. Happy sharing. Ciro Santilli Does it work on iOS? If not implies useless for me. makapav GODDAMN IT GOOGLE DID NOT MIGRATE ANYONE FROM GOOGLE+ LOCATIONS!!! 50 people on my list have to go through the ordeal again!!! This is ridiculous! L. Curtis Muldrew I have it now ... https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/298c13bd4ed2cecd8419d9e079a1e0f6d158767ed776658f2e0e57f3e5bbc667.png Dan Brown Maddening Google!! Michael Tran Looks like it's working now. It was enabled on one phone for me so I forced closed maps on my primary and it started working. Seems there is an option to share indefinitely, but I'm trying to figure out if that leaves GPS on all the time or does it just update periodically. All the location sharing folks i had before in G+ got wiped out so I have to send out requests all over again. JSet12 I just force closed Maps (per your comment), and it worked for me as well! Thanks. noodlynooman I think it only updates periodically with indefinite sharing. My fiance has his location shared with me indefinitely and last I checked his location was updated 9 minutes ago. Michael Tran Thanks. This is looking to be a solid replacement so far. Another confusing part is which contact so you share with? I see notification and I see their Gmail address. I wonder what the difference is. Ian Salter I was able to initialize the feature by watching this video and then tapping on the embedded link https://youtu.be/u62nPKgLJeg augustojr I just got it. Yaffle It's enabled for me now in Maps Adam Margeson Now I can't select whether a contact can see my exact location or just city level. Question... does this drain the battery any faster than G+ locations did? ctaylor Location Sharing is live for me, running 9.49.2. has been for a few days. But it's not live for my friends. Go Google! cocolopecita First thing I do in every gmail account I set up for relatives: disable location. Why people want Google to keep tabs on them on behalf of the NSA? Beats me. Total Insecurity Edit: I just tried the same on my other device. There it could get activated by signing out and in again. Then you need to press the new widget and it should appear. Maybe try deleting a your cache like I did before as well! I think I just found out how to activate the new share live location in Google Maps. All you need to do is: Go to widgets in Android, add and click on the share location widget​ That way I immediately got the new update! I hope it works for you as well! ﻿ Bo Mathis What a mess Google has created here and not a peep re communication or an apology to Location Sharing users. Let's hope they at least fix the iOS unpredictable delays in location updates that can be as much as 12 hours. Robert England I have lost everybody I had shared location track with, how to refind? Where? I finally stopped being pissed about Google switching GPS to Google+ about a week ago,. Now switch back and done efen More Poorly,.. Google was great when Baby Boomers were working, now the Dumbest Generation are in positions to make stupid decisions. HOW TO FIND MY SHARED FRIENDS IN NEW GPS WHEREVER.. UGH? Ter Exactly... friend of mine went to work for google 3 years ago.. he came back.. picked him up in amsterdam airport... what he told me the attitude of some young retarded kids in charge there... OH boy they have a university diploma... but are down right RETARDED. Casper Pascal I have it on web, but not on my phone. I'm a beta tester for Android, Google App, Google Maps, Google Play Services :( Not related to Maps, but Google Assistant was enabled on my 6P for a week before it's gone again. This is the first time I feel so confused with Google apps/services Bendichi live for me in norway jdrch Headline is confusingly written. It reads as if everyone has location sharing enabled in Maps by default, which caused a minor panic on this end. Ter Oh great thanks google for letting us know. I have 4 children and 6 family members in other countries other side of the world. Suddenly one by one dis pear from the map. I spend about two weeks trying to contact them all and try to fix it. Quite a few of the kids had to reset the phone ETC trying to fix this. So it is not our phones.. its not our settings... nobody got killed or abducted... no stolen phones or anything... Its google.... thanks google.. really nice. Be careful someone is not going to SUE you.... Ad good luck with that google.. if a laywer send you a letter (from Europe.. where u not A$$HAT control the goverment (yet)). Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 12 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 199 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 240 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 3 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 22 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 66 1 Year Ago Today Amazon Updates Its Policies To Ban USB Type-C Cables That Are Not Fully Spec Compliant 2016/03/29 8:29pm PDTMar 29, 2016 95 2 Years Ago Today Upbeat Monsters Icon Pack Fills Your Homescreen With Adorable Googly-Eyed Apps 2015/03/29 11:57am PDTMar 29, 2015 79 3 Years Ago Today Rumor: Google Now Will Help You Remember, Pay Your Bills [APK Teardown] 2014/03/29 11:55am PDTMar 29, 2014 69 4 Years Ago Today [New App] BBQScreen Mirrors Your Display On A Computer At 25FPS (Root Only) 2013/03/29 7:31pm PDTMar 29, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today WSJ: Google To Open Online Store This Year, Will Sell Tablets Independently Of Retailers (Perhaps With The Launch Of Jellybean) 2012/03/29 8:56pm PDTMar 29, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today Get Your Credit Cards Ready - Android In-App Billing System Now Live (P.S. Devs, No More Separate Lite/Paid Apps, Please) 2011/03/29 8:34pm PDTMar 29, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Upgrade Your Android Phone's External Storage With A-Data Turbo 16GB Class 6 MicroSD Card - Review And Benchmarks 2010/03/29 11:15pm PDTMar 29, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 123 queries | 0.745s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos most commented Coolpad Cool 1 review: This is the Le 2 in a new body which offers nothing compelling By Kunal Khullar 9   Comments Airtel now offers 1GB daily data and free calls at Rs 345 a month By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Airtel Surprise offer for postpaid users gives 30GB free 4G data via the MyAirtel app By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Fastrack launches ‘Fastrack Reflex’, a wearable aimed at youth for Rs 1,995 By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Nokia C1 renders and specifications leak: Expect a Snapdragon 830, 4GB RAM and dual-cameras By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Bixby Samsung Galaxy S8 launch: Bixby is Samsung's answer to Google Assistant and Apple Siri Samsung Galaxy S8: Bixby could herald the next iPhone moment in the smartphone world First live photo of Samsung Galaxy S8 surfaces online; includes 3.5mm headphone jack Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Samsung Galaxy S8 launch: Bixby is Samsung’s answer to Google Assistant and Apple Siri By tech2 News Staff /  29 Mar 2017 , 22:34 #Bixby Samsung has just announced its new flagship smartphone duo, the Galaxy S8 and the Galaxy S8+. Both the handsets will feature’s Samsung’s all new AI assistant called Bixby. It is basically Samsung pitting against the Google Assistant and Apple’s Siri. Bixby will be contextual, which is nothing new today. So for instance, if you open Google Maps, Bixby will be around and you can quickly ask it to send a screenshot or the direct location to a friend, without having to tap on the display. If there are contacts with similar names, it will prompt you to chose the right one. It will also provide relevant cards and information depending on the time of the day. The more you use it, the more it learns. Bixby will also let you do basic things around your handset like making a quick call, changing the settings, setting an alarm, saving a reminder and more. It will also have a dedicated button on the side of the Galaxy S8 and S8+. Apart from offering smart voice control for apps and various functions around the handset, it will also expand to smart connected devices in your home. Samsung is planning to expand Bixby across all its connected devices so one can control them using the virtual assistant through the cloud. This means in the near future, a user could turn on the light in his or her home before they even reach their place using Bixby. Samsung will also add support for a really cool feature where one can just point the camera to a product and Bixby will search online and find where you can buy it online. For now Bixby will launch with support for Korean and US English so the rest will have to wait for a bit. Of course, it will make its debut on the Galaxy S8 and S8+ but hopefully it will be added to older flagships, though this is not confirmed. Publish date: March 29, 2017 10:34 pm| Modified date: March 29, 2017 10:34 pm Tags: Artificial Intelligence, Bixby, Bixby AI, Bixby Assistant, Samsung, Samsung Galaxy S8, Samsung Galaxy S8 Bixby, Virtual assistant Also read Samsung Galaxy S8: Bixby could herald the next iPhone moment in the smartphone world Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ announced with Bixby, Infinity Display: Features, Price, Availability and more X Recommended For You Astronaut Peggy Whitson is set to surpass Sunita Williams’ spacewalk record: Nasa App Annie projects that Android users will overtake Apple users in app spending With the Galaxy S8/S8+, Samsung hopes to win back trust which was lost post the Note 7 fiasco Samsung Galaxy S8: On the fence? Here are 8 arguments to convince you to pick one up today Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance #Facebook Mar 30, 2017 Facebook Live 360 allows everyone to live stream 360-degree footage #Oppo Mar 30, 2017 Oppo sacks employee who tore up Indian flag before binning it in Noida office #Facebook Mar 30, 2017 Facebook App and Messenger to stop working on smartphones with older versions of the software #Housing Mar 30, 2017 Housing.com launches Housing Partner platform for real estate developers #AI Mar 30, 2017 Banks will increasingly adopt AI for better customer interaction: Accenture SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Cloud services compared, or why I’m all-in on Apple but not on iCloud Trending in Apple Comment: I don’t believe Apple is dumb enough to move the Touch ID sensor to the back Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1: Original content, revamped apps, more Beats, live events & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: A spring iPad event now seems unlikely, but that 10.5-inch iPad is probably still real Trending in Apple Opinion: The new low-cost iPad is further evidence of a new approach to Apple’s pricing Trending in Apple What’s next for Siri: Apple’s advantage for its Echo/Google Home competitor Yesterday AAPL: 144.12 0.32 Google finally releases Calendar app for iPad Jordan Kahn - Mar. 29th 2017 10:17 am PT @JordanKahn Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google today announced the release of its Calendar app for iPad, which was previously only available for iPhone, Android smartphones and tablets and on the web. The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac The iPad version of Calendar will be a familiar UI to anyone that has used the app for iPhone, and also borrows from some of the user interface elements Google has implemented with its tablet app for Android. Google notes, however, that the app has been specifically optimized for iPad, noting that you’ll be able to search from the iPad home screen using Spotlight Search with the app. With the new app, you’ll get all the Calendar features you know and love, now optimized for iPad. Use Calendar’s machine intelligence-powered features to: Find a time and book a room. Get everyone together faster for meetings. With smart scheduling, Calendar suggests meeting times and available rooms based on your team’s  availability and room preferences. Set Goals and achieve them. Add a goal and Calendar will intelligently schedule time for it so you can stick to it. Google also says that it has more features on the way following an initial release today, including a Today View Widget coming soon that will let users “easily see your upcoming events in the Notification Center and on the lock screen.” Here’s a look at the new iPad interface: The release comes just one week after the launch of Apple’s new low-cost 9.7-inch iPad. That device is expected to be popular within enterprise and education due to its new $329 price tag, and Google Calendar support will surely sweeten the deal for those already hooked into the Google Apps ecosystem. The Google Calendar app for iPad will be available on the App Store today as a free download. What’s New in Version 2.0.0 • Optimized for iPad. Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
New Website for Google Open Source Projects   Login Register Edit Profile Change Region About Us   Home News Open Source Main Menu Home Book Reviews Book Watch News Projects The Core Babbage's Bag History Swift's Spreadsheets The Stone Tapes Professional Programmer eBooks Programmer Puzzles Bargain Computer Books CodeBin I Programmer Weekly New Articles! Android Adventures - The ConstraintLayout Getting Started with jQuery UI Insider's Guide To Udacity Android Developer Nanodegree A Programmer's Guide To Octave Password Cracking RAR Archives With Perl Programming - A Life Long Challenge Android Adventures - Building The UI Constraint Layout In Android Studio 2.3 Sergei Lebedev and Early Russian computers jQuery 3 - Animation HTML5/CSS Layout AWS Lambda For The Impatient Part 3 How Not To Shuffle - The Knuth Fisher-Yates Algorithm Getting Started With Google's Android Things - Preview 2 Getting Started With QUnit Testing Predix IoT for Developers New Book Reviews! Spark In Action, 2nd Edition Beginning Android Programming with Android Studio, 4th Ed Big Data Made Easy Introduction to Machine Learning with Python Learning R A Programmer's Guide to Java SE 8 Oracle Certified Associate (OCA) Doing Data Science Software Design Decoded: 66 Ways Experts Think Becoming a Better Programmer Excel 2016 Programming Pocket Primer Professional Hadoop App Inventor 2 Essentials Expert Android Studio Murach's Python Programming Being Agile Popular Articles Arrays in Python Android Adventures - Getting Started With Android Studio 2.2 Can You Do The Regular Expression Crossword? Getting started with Excel VBA Beautiful Architecture JavaScript Data Structures - Associative Array A Worm's Mind In A Lego Body Using the WPF .NET 4.0 DataGrid Data structures - Trees Sorting algorithms as dances Dumping .NET - Microsoft's Madness Weak typing - the lost art of the keyboard Online regular expression generator A Better Way To Program A Crab-Based Computer The Mod Function New Website for Google Open Source Projects Written by Sue Gee    Wednesday, 29 March 2017 There's a new website for Google Open Source that goes beyond simply listing its open source initiatives. The interface of the new directory of projects has come in for heavy criticism, but there's a lot to be learned from the website so it's worth a second look.   Open source software is important to Google and Google is important to open source. Not only does it introduce thousands of young people to open source via Google Summer of Code and Google code-in, it releases a lot of software originated internally as open source code, with TensorFlow, Kubernetes and Go being well-known examples. Indeed many Google open source projects as so well known they almost lose the "Google" tag - think Angular or Android.   Announcing the new site on the Google Open Source blog, Will Norris of the Open Source Programs Office writes: This new site showcases the breadth and depth of our love for open source. It will contain the expected things: our programs, organizations we support, and a comprehensive list of open source projects we've released. But it also contains something unexpected: a look under the hood at how we "do" open source. This is to be found in the Docs section of the new site and is essentially Googl's internal open source documentation as seen and used by Google employees. It is here provided for use by others and the explanation of who it is for reads: For other companies that are releasing or using open source software, we want to share the lessons we've learned from many years of experience. By being as transparent as we can about how we do open source, we hope to help others do the same. Docs has three main sections:   Creating covers how Googlers release code that they've written, either in the form of a new standalone project or as a patch to an external project. The same process is used for small 20% projects and full blown Google projects. Using explains how we bring open source code into the company and use it to help build great products. We carefully catalog thousands of packages to help us maintain license compliance. Growing describes some of the programs we run inside and outside the company to support open source communities.   Of course, it is the Projects section of the new site that is the one most visitors are interested in. It's default view is an eye-catching animation with circles of various sizes, some with icons, others blank circling around  one, chosen seemingly at random, in the centre:     and, on Hacker News, it has provoked the comment: "Fire the UX guy, the interface is terrible. Firstly wayyy too much useless animation + distractions. This slows down every aspect of the interface making it annoying to use. The default of showing just miniature icons of projects provides ZERO useful information. After clicking 'next' and waiting an eternity for the animation to finish, you are presented finally with some information, just a title and description." It is difficult not to agree to some extent with this comment. While the display is attractive, it is an inefficient way to present information. However, as well as using the next and previous arrows you can interact with the animation by clicking on any of the circles - or you can sit back and watch with a new project appearing after 5 seconds on a desktop display with reasonable speed Internet connection. Responding to criticism of the UI on Hacker News, Will Norris commented: The problem is that we have over 2,000 projects, so simply listing them all on one page doesn't work very well. Hence why we built this directory, which allows browsing by category, by tag, by language, as well as full text search. Once you discover how to search the directory it really is pretty useful. The full text search is camouflaged against a dark background and the arrow tempts you to select from a drop-down list of categories rather than typing it - but if you know the name of the project or a what it is likely to be tagged with that is a good way to find it. There is also another choice of View - a Grid View which is a static directory listing that, while it may be boring - it is comprised of square panels - is functional.   Clicking View Project in the centre circle or on a directory square takes you to the project's page which has plenty of information. Each page includes the project title and a link to it followed by a description of it and an explanation of how it is used at Google. The bottom of the page provides details of the Source code with a link to repo, the license in force, the number of stars and number of forks.    A project page can also provide a better starting point for exploring the directory. Each project is a member of one of more Categories, is written in one or more Languages and has Tags. The left-hand panel gives easy access other projects using these links. Another response on Hacker News was concern that the new web page might signal a move away from GitHub to which the prompt reply was: No, we're deeply committed to continuing to release projects on Github. The importance of Google to GitHub makes this reassurance very welcome. Google Code, its proprietary code repository was shut down in favour of GitHub back in 2015 with nearly a thousand projects being migrated to GitHub. GitHub's report on The state of the Octoverse 2016 revealed that although Google was not the organization with the most contributors, an honor that went to Microsoft, it provided over 12,000 contributors - and as Angular and others of its projects are separate organisations this figure is just the tip of the iceberg.     More Information opensource.google.com A New Home for Google Open Source Related Articles Google Summer Of Code 2016 GitHub Octoverse Reveals The State Of Open Source Google Code Shuts     To be informed about new articles on I Programmer, sign up for our weekly newsletter, subscribe to the RSS feed and follow us on, Twitter, Facebook, Google+ or Linkedin.    Google's Jack & Jill Android Java Compiler Project Is Dead 15/03/2017 In a surprise announcement, the Android development team has made it clear that the new Jack compiler and Jill linker are not going anywhere. The move to Java 8 will now be made by developing the exis [ ... ] + Full Story Android O on the Horizon 22/03/2017 The first developer preview of Android O has been released with new features and APIs for developers to start trying out and ironing out the bugs.  + Full Story More News Python cx_Oracle Adds Direct Binding Another Apple 1 At Auction Software Testing Diploma DataGrip Improves Schema Management Google Goes Serverless with Cloud Functions Kaggle Enveloped By Google Cloud //No Comment - Trojan of Things, Disk LEDs Leak Data & So Do Phone Magnetometers A Single Perturbation Can Fool Deep Learning WebAssembly Is Ready For Use jQuery 3.2.1 Is Out - Do We Still Care? Top 10 From Around The Web: Ruby On Rails Resources Machine Learning Superstar Andrew Ng Moving On Amazon Offering More Incentives For Alexa Skills         Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Last Updated ( Wednesday, 29 March 2017 )     Follow @Iprogrammerinfo     RSS feed of news items only Copyright © 2017 i-programmer.info. All Rights Reserved. Joomla! is Free Software released under the GNU/GPL License. Powered by Joomla!. ValidXHTML andCSS.
skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu Home Live Music/Events Support WMOT Membership Sponsor Programming Leave a Legacy Vehicle Donation Scholarship Fund Search Menu Home Live Music/Events Support WMOT Membership Sponsor Programming Leave a Legacy Vehicle Donation Scholarship Fund Search As Congress Repeals Internet Privacy Rules, Putting Your Options In Perspective By Alina Selyukh • 14 hours ago TweetShareGoogle+Email Both chambers of the U.S. Congress have voted to overturn the Federal Communications Commission's privacy rules for Internet service providers. TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2017 WMOT Employment Contact Us
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers · : · : · : · UNTIL PRICES RISE FOR Learn More Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Until prices rise for TNW Conference. Learn more > Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Alphabet’s X tells the story behind Gcam, the software that powers Pixel’s camera by Mix — in Google 609 shares Google instantly captured the attention of tech enthusiasts from across the globe with the release of its much-acclaimed Pixel flagship, but what really clinched their hearts was the absolutely stunning camera the handset boasted. Now Google wants to tell you the story behind the team that made the Pixel camera a reality. In a new entry from the Graduate Series – where Google looks back on some of the most memorable graduates from its now-independent secretive X division – the company gives us an insider perspective on the story behind Gcam, the software that powers the widely lauded Pixel camera. “We're hunting for awesome startups” Run an early-stage company? We're inviting 250 to exhibit at TNW Conference and pitch on stage! CHECK IT OUT Taking us all the way back to 2011, the blog outlines how the Gcam team set out on a long quest to leverage computational photography techniques in an effort to take smartphone photography to a whole new level. While Gcam was initially born as a concept camera for Google Glass, the technology eventually grew much bigger, gradually making its way to a slew of other products and services like the camera app for Nexus 5 and Nexus 6, as well as Photos and YouTube – and most recently, the company’s flagship Pixel phone. Credit: Google / X Early prototype of Glass. You can read the full blog entry here – and in case you liked it, you can find the Graduation Series entry on Waymo, Google’s self-driving vehicle division, here. on Google X Blog Read next: WhatsApp shouldn't weaken its encryption - it should leave the UK AlphabetApps Share on Facebook (352) Share on Twitter (193) Mix is a reporter from Amsterdam. Happy to hear your thoughts on dimitar@thenextweb.com or @Mixtatiq on Twitter. Mix is a tech writer based in Amsterdam that loves cinema and probably hates the movies that you like. Tell him everything you despise about his work on Twitter or pitch him your terrible ideas via email. Contact Mail Tweet Location Amsterdam Posts 594 Posts / mo. 31.49   All posts by Dimitar > The latest articles around Alphabet Alphabet's Waymo sues Uber and Otto for allegedly stealing self-driving tech Abhimanyu Ghoshal Google's Alphabet Wing drones will deliver burritos to students at Virginia Tech University Matthew Hughes Report: Alphabet is asking Google to scale back its aggressive Fiber rollout Nate Swanner Here's some more distraction How to create a successful corporate-startup collaboration TNW with BNP Paribas Xbox One update adds a bunch of long-awaited features Rachel Kaser Is your business really ready to grow? TNW with TMF Group Let's hope we get along with robots as well as this kid and a water heater Abhimanyu Ghoshal Amazon's no-cashier store can't handle more than a few shoppers Rachel Kaser Watching cassette tapes get made is like nostalgic mediation Bryan Clark Comments Recommended 3 software development trends you don’t want to miss Raygun Most popular 1 Don't even think of naming your business until you read this Julian Shapiro 2 Congress just killed your right to online privacy Bryan Clark 3 These are the Congressmen who voted in favor of selling your internet data Bryan Clark 4 This robot automatically prints and burns Trump's tweets Bryan Clark 5 Facebook brings Stories to everyone, completes Snapchat cloning program Napier Lopez Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company Facebook Build and make an impact Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest Lyft is turning cabs into fixed-route shuttles in its latest experiment Abhimanyu Ghoshal Google Calendar is finally available for the iPad Abhimanyu Ghoshal Facebook is bringing chatbots to groups on Messenger Rachel Kaser Samsung's DeX dock for the Galaxy S8 should turn it into a laptop, not a desktop Napier Lopez How to protect your data after Congress’ repeal of privacy rules Ben Dickson @brennermichael The buyer journey is nothing more than a series of questions that must be answered. Share Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot March 30, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   Mobile  >   Understanding voice search: What are the implications for marketers? Understanding voice search: What are the implications for marketers? Mobile SEO 29 Mar 17 | Jason Tabeling Facebook0 Linkedin22 Google+9 Twitter 31 Last week, Amazon added their voice search product “Alexa” to their iPhone app. This is yet another signal in the continuing avalanche of signals that voice search is a major part of every major tech company’s strategy. One report by VoiceLabs predicts that voice device growth will quadruple this year. In last year’s Google IO conference Google CEO Sundar Pichai announced that 20% of search queries were coming from voice search. What data can help us to understand the impact of voice search when it isn’t yet a reporting field that is provided by most publishers? Also, what are the implications for search marketers? What data do we have to potentially understand voice search? Without specifically understanding voice search data provided by search engines we have to rely on other indicators. I like to use query keywords (who, what, where, when, why, how) as a way to understand how consumers may be using voice search. While not perfect, I think it helps give some insight into how consumer behavior is shifting. People expect questions to be answered via voice search. I took a look at our data from this year vs. the same period in 2016. This data shows some interesting trends. Overall, query search term use as a percentage of total impressions was up 47% year over year. This shows that as voice search becomes more mainstream and search engines get better and better at providing answers, people are changing the phrases they use to search. Breaking this down by the specific query used I think gives an exact picture of what types of expectations consumers have when asking questions. In just the last year, queries containing ‘Where’ and ‘When’ have risen by almost 300%. These two questions lead the way due the local nature of many voice search queries, and the high likelihood of a receiving direct answer. While a term like ‘how’ is also up 13% year over year, it is still difficult to get answers to ‘how’ to do something via a voice query. However, saying “OK Google, where is the closest burger restaurant?” elicits a fairly specific response. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin22 Google+9 Twitter 31 Related articles A visual history of Google SERPs: 1996 to 2017 Can Google get users on board with "shortcuts in search"? How to create SEO-friendly content The SEO benefits of using WordPress to publish your content The implications of voice search for marketers For me there are two key strategic impacts from the growth of voice search, both on mobile and from in-home devices. For each of these, there are several questions you can ask yourself to determine how voice search might affect your brand, and how you can best optimize for it. 1. How are my consumers finding my brand? Do you need to create more localized content? If ‘where’ and ‘when’ queries continue their growth, there is an opportunity to dominate these queries with both paid and organic rankings. What data is available through my search term report in AdWords? Search term performance in the dimension’s report is a great way to update and optimize your keyword list in general, and to understand the types of questions consumers are asking. Do you need to create more query-driven content to rank in answer boxes? 2. Consider keyword experiences when question-style queries are asked. Ask yourself these questions: What ad copy and landing pages are being used for question searches? If someone is searching for “where” or “when”, do you give them the same landing page that every other query gets? Is this the correct experience, or would a unique landing page and ad copy be more appropriate? Is my location data current and accurate? The local pack is showing up more and more, especially via mobile devices, so making sure your data is correct in this space is critical. Do I have the proper location extensions and product inventory available? There are ways to help consumers get the proper answers via paid ads. Making sure this content is eligible and aligned to your AdWords campaigns is key. If you can think through the consumer experience when these question-style queries are asked, you will understand the gaps in your voice search offering, and the opportunities to provide a better experience. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading Five most interesting search marketing news stories of the week This week, Mobile World Congress confirms that mobile video is massive; Pinterest has launched its new Lens visual discovery tool to the US; and Chinese search giant Baidu has released an AI-powered transcription app. Industry Mobile More News 17 Mar 17 | Rebecca Sentance Optimization at the intersection of search, content, social, mobile and local in 2017 The digital environment is rapidly shifting. There are over a billion websites online, and customers have countless brands to choose from when seeking solutions to their needs. Content Local Mobile SEO Social 16 Mar 17 | Jim Yu Test-driving Pinterest Lens: How does Pinterest’s new visual search tool stack up? Lens will be central to the fortunes of Pinterest’s decidedly alternative entry to the digital advertising market, so we've taken a hands-on look at what it is, how it works, and just how effective it is. Industry Mobile SEO 16 Mar 17 | Clark Boyd 7 quick ways to use content marketing to boost search ranking When done well, content marketing can contribute to boosting a site’s position in search rankings. And although this may not seem like the most obvious benefit to a successful content marketing strategy, it’s an effect that no business can ignore. Content SEO 14 Mar 17 | Tereza Litsa Tags Alexa | digital assistants | question queries | voice search | voice search optimization Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL chris.williams@contentive.com sam.lawson@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/03/29/understanding-voice-search-what-are-the-implications-for-marketers/ Send × Want to stay on top of mobile marketing trends? Get top insights and news from our mobile marketing experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
clock menu more-arrow The 6 biggest announcements from the Galaxy S8 event Huge screens and even bigger ambitions by Sean O'Kane@sokane1 Mar 29, 2017, 1:01pm EDT Photography by Vjeran Pavic and Amelia Holowaty Krales share tweet Linkedin The Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus were announced today, as were new versions of the Gear 360, an updated Gear VR with a motion controller, and a competitor to Siri and Google Assistant. Months of leaks mean we had a pretty good handle on what basically all of Samsung’s new flagships and other announcements would look like. But now we finally have the full picture. The new phones are the obvious highlight. (They start at $720 and will be available for preorder starting March 30th, by the way.) But phones these days are more than just phones, and Samsung’s spent the last few years really building out the “galaxy” (get it?) of products and services that work with its flagships. That means much of Samsung’s event was spent talking about other things like virtual reality, or Bixby, Samsung’s new digital assistant, and even DeX, the new computer crossover dock. That’s a lot! So here are the biggest takeaways from today’s event. The Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus The screens on the new S8 and S8 Plus are what stand out the most, even if you’re just looking at images on a laptop, so let’s start there. They’re huge compared to what we’ve gotten used to over the last few years — 5.8 inches and 6.2 inches, respectively — and they stretch almost completely to the edges of each device. The S8 is slightly bigger than an iPhone 7 but smaller than an S7 Edge — and it has the biggest screen of all three But what’s impressive about their size is that Samsung fit the new screens into bodies that aren’t much bigger than what premium smartphone owners have become accustomed to. The S8, for example, is smaller than an S7 Edge but not much bigger than an iPhone 7 — despite the fact that it has a bigger screen than both of those phones. The screens also come in an unfamiliar aspect ratio, 18.5:9. The company explained that it plans to use this to automatically stretch 21:9 content (like movies), and that it should help enhance the multitasking experience in Android 7.0 Nougat. Stretching the screens means that Samsung had to make a choice about what to do with the physical home button. In short, it’s gone. The (mostly standard) Android software buttons remain, but without a physical home button, Samsung made a section of the bottom of the screen pressure-sensitive. Samsung calls this the “invisible home button,” but the bottom line is the phone uses haptic feedback to simulate the feeling of pressing a real button, similar to what Apple does with Force Touch on the latest iPhones. This change means that the fingerprint reader has been moved to the back. It’s not in the center, like on the Nexus 5X and 6P or the Google Pixel. Instead, it’s up near the camera module, meaning it’ll be a stretch for some users — especially with the bigger S8 Plus. Samsung’s not the first to nearly kill the bezel, but who cares? These screens look gorgeous Samsung’s not the first company to push for a bezel-less phone, but it’s now one of the highest profile to make an attempt. If this is really the future of smartphone design, the S8 will be remembered as one of those pioneering devices. Here are a few more tidbits about the S8 and S8 Plus: Runs Android 7.0 Nougat IP68 water and dust resistant There’s a headphone jack! Capable of wireless charging Carries over the Note 7’s iris scanning, and also adds a face-scanning feature For all the specs, check out our breakdown of the new Galaxy S8 phones here. The camera is one thing that Samsung didn’t change much from the S7. The S8 phones have the same 12-megapixel sensor camera with optical image stabilization on the back, while the front camera gets a bump up from 5 to 8 megapixels. Otherwise, there’s no spec bumps and no dual-camera trickery. The Galaxy S7 had a fantastic camera — in some settings, it was the best on the market — and so Samsung is letting it ride for another year. One thing Samsung says it has changed with the camera can be found under the hood. The S8’s camera will be able to take multiple shots at basically the same time, and it will combine the best parts of each image. That sounds awfully similar to the Google Pixel’s HDR+ mode, so if it’s even half as good, that’s a welcome addition. And one other small but notable difference is that, with no home button, Samsung moved the camera shortcut to the power button. I have my reservations on whether that will be as good, but our own Dieter Bohn seems to like it. Photo: Samsung New batteries, (hopefully) fewer explosions By now, you probably know the ballad of the Galaxy Note 7. It was one of the most promising devices of the last few years, and then shortly after its release, a number of the smartphones started randomly catching fire and outright exploding. Samsung’s replacements also caught fire, and so the company recalled the device completely. What this means for the S8 is that the batteries aren’t boundary-pushing. The S8 has a 3,000mAh battery, and the S8 Plus has a 3,500mAh version — the same size that was found in the Note 7. Samsung has a lot to say about how its improved safety testing process in this feature that Dan Seifert wrote about the new phones, so if you’re curious (or still worried), that’s a good place to start. The point is these phones should last through your typical day, nothing more. The Bixby digital assistant Here’s the most important thing you need to know about Bixby: Samsung has enough faith in the new digital assistant that Bixby gets its own physical button on the new phones. That’s commitment to an idea. In some ways, Bixby sounds not all too different from other digital assistants. You can ask it to set an alarm or a reminder, for example. But Samsung is promising that “anything you can control with touch, you can also control with voice,” which is a big bet. Ten Samsung apps will support Bixby’s deep voice controls at launch, allowing users to do things like rotate a photo with their voice. Beyond that, Samsung needs developers to write apps that specifically support Bixby. Samsung gave Bixby its own button on the S8 Bixby also shows up in the camera app, where it offers some augmented reality features. But all we know that it can do here is identify objects and generate a “buy” link. Whether or not Samsung will come up with a more useful take on augmented reality remains to be seen. Samsung’s Bixby is up against some tough competition in Amazon’s Alexa, Google’s Assistant, Apple’s Siri, and Microsoft’s Cortana. Bixby looks like it could be different enough, but we won’t know for sure until we spend some more time with the new phones. New Gear 360 Samsung’s new Gear 360 has just about everything you’d want in an upgrade. It shoots an actual 4K image. It can now live stream. Maybe most importantly, Samsung expanded the compatibility, meaning you can use the new camera with other phones — namely, the iPhone. What we didn’t hear from Samsung is when it will be available, or for how much. We also don’t know whether the company figured out a way to speed up the file transfers, or the time required to process and stitch the footage. And while the new design — which is admittedly adorable — is supposed to make the device more approachable, it also runs the risk of encouraging people to shoot 360 video handheld. That’s not good. “New” Gear VR and motion controller, plus a refreshed user interface Announced last month at Mobile World Congress, Samsung officially introduced the new(ish) Gear VR, which mostly just got a fresh coat of paint. The more exciting part of the announcement is the motion controller. Following in the steps of Google’s mobile VR headset, Daydream, the controller has a touch-sensitive trackpad, a trigger, and a few other buttons. Our first impression of the controller wasn’t particularly flattering, but it’s a step in the right direction. It will sold bundled with the refreshed Gear VR for $129, and it will be sold separately for existing users for $39. It will hopefully enhance the Gear VR experience while also inspiring developers to try to push what the mobile VR rig is capable of. Samsung and Oculus also announced a brand-new home screen for the Gear VR. It’s supposed to be faster and look better, which is nice. It’s also far simpler — which is so welcome — and it adds the customizable avatars that Oculus announced for the Rift last fall. There’s also now a VR web browser available, so get ready to kick back on the couch and beam your favorite websites right to your eyeballs. Samsung DeX DeX is a dock for the S8 and S8 Plus that can turn any monitor into a PC-like experience. Sound familiar? It’s another idea that’s been tried before, notably by Motorola and Microsoft, but it’s never really lived up to the promise. The DeX dock supports monitor connection over HDMI, and allows for a keyboard, mouse, and two USB ports. There’s even a cooling fan inside to keep the Galaxy S8 from overheating it. The whole thing is powered by USB-C. Samsung’s take isn’t all that different from its predecessors. It’s still basically just mobile apps running on a bigger window, and because of that, you’re stuck dealing with all the trappings of mobile apps. For instance, the phone doesn’t hold the apps or app windows in place if you unplug the phone from the dock and plug it back in. Like other leading smartphones, the S8 and S8 Plus have fantastic processors inside. It’s understandable why Samsung would want to try to push the capabilities of those chips by extending the phone beyond its hardware. But again, Samsung has to prove that DeX is worth the customer’s money — whatever the dock winds up costing. See all of the Samsung news right here! In this Storystream Galaxy S8 announcement: all of the news from Samsung’s launch event Samsung Galaxy S8 preorders are now live The 6 biggest announcements from the Galaxy S8 event Samsung is now selling virtual reality using an ostrich in a Gear VR View all 26 stories Circuit Breaker This is the Samsung Galaxy S8, coming April 21st Tech Samsung Galaxy S8 event: start time, live blog, and where to stream Policy & Law The 265 members of Congress who sold you out to ISPs, and how much it cost to buy them Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Google Apps Google Calendar finally has a proper iPad app New, 7 comments And proper notification widgets are coming by Dieter Bohn@backlon Mar 29, 2017, 1:00pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Google Calendar’s iPhone app is not the most innovative calendar app on the iPhone by any stretch of the imagination. It’s simple, straightforward, and relatively easy to use. But for people who use GSuite or advanced features in Google Calendar like booking rooms or “find a time,” it’s often the best option. Until they switch to their iPad, that is, and they’re faced with a garish, blown-up phone version of the app. That changes today, as Google is finally rolling out an iPad-native version of Google Calendar. From what little we can glean from the screenshot above and Google’s blog post, it looks like a shot-for-shot remake of the iPhone version, just utilizing the larger screen real estate better. Literally as an addendum, Google is also promising that more updates are coming for Google Calendar on iOS — including a much-needed “Today” widget that will show upcoming events on the lock screen or in the notification shade. The iPad app should be available for download today. More From The Verge This is the Samsung Galaxy S8, coming April 21st Samsung Galaxy S8 event: start time, live blog, and where to stream The 265 members of Congress who sold you out to ISPs, and how much it cost to buy them Microsoft lets you download the Windows 10 Creators Update a little early Elon Musk launches Neuralink, a venture to merge the human brain with AI Donald Trump is using an iPhone now Now Trending The 265 members of Congress who sold you out to ISPs, and how much it cost to buy them They betrayed you for chump change This is the Samsung Galaxy S8, coming April 21st Preorders begin March 30th, three weeks before the release date Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 5. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Cristiano Ronaldo's mangled statue sends the internet into Photoshop frenzy by Rich McCormick Samsung Galaxy S8 preorders are now live by Ashley Carman 6 comments / new Ghost in the Shell review: a solid film built on a broken foundation by Kwame Opam 29 comments / new You can’t buy Congress’s web history — stop trying by Russell Brandom 21 comments / new Samsung’s Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus will be available unlocked from Best Buy in May by Chris Welch 6 comments / new Uber’s weirdest lost items include meat packets, bulletproof vests, and valium by Megan Farokhmanesh 10 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Mar 29, 2017-Wednesday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Samsung Galaxy S8 highlights: Phones to come with Bixby, iris scanner and Snap 835 tech Updated: Mar 29, 2017 22:24 IST Anirban Ghoshal Hindustan Times Samsung is all set to launch its flagship Galaxy S8 smartphone with its all new Bixby assistant. Catch live updates of the Samsung Galaxy S8 launch here. Korean handset-maker Samsung is all set to launch its flagship Samsung Galaxy S8 smartphone in an event called Galaxy Unpacked in New York. Catch live updates of the Samsung Galaxy S8 launch here. 9:33 PM: The event is over but there are no details about price or about availability in India. 9:30 PM: Koh is back on stage. “We believe progress comes from applying human insight to the hard work of solving problems and overcoming obstacles,” he claims. Now a AV is playing. 9:25 PM: Samsung says it worked with Microsoft and Adobe to optimize apps for DeX.If DeX has decent performance, it could be what Windows 10 Continuum has failed to be. The Galaxy S8 will come bundled with a pair of $99 wired Harmon AKG headphones. 9:19 PM: Samsung is going the Windows 950 XL way. It launches a productivity tool called Samsung DeX, a desktop dock for the S8 that pushes a full desktop experience from the phone. 9:17 PM: Samsung is also launching a new Gear 360 camera that allows users to capture videos in 4K. Samsung says that it is more portable. Users can also live broadcast from the camera. Samsung is giving away the new 360 to all attendees. See the whole scene in beautiful, high-definition 360 video. And share it all live. #UnboxYourPhone https://t.co/HqcMffTkIq pic.twitter.com/GfE3TOgIwn— Samsung Mobile (@SamsungMobile) March 29, 2017 9:15 PM: Samsung launches a new motion-sensing Bluetooth remote controller for the Gear VR. The Gear VR content lineup is also getting an update. Oculus will soon release games that will let users drop in the middle of a battle. Audiences will also be able to drop in between a movie or a wrestling match. 9:14 PM: It will be available starting April 21st and comes with a set of AKG headphones in the box. (Samsung recently purchased a stake in Harman, AKG’s parent company. 9:12 PM: In addition to the app, Samsung is doing a mesh router like Eero and Google Wifi. Samsung Connect Home. 9:10 PM: Samsung unveils Samsung Connect -- the company’s answer to managing the mess of IoT devices. This is just like Apple home. Bixby is intelligence reimagined, offering a suite of services that changes how you use your phone. #UnboxYourPhone https://t.co/pHVmdc8ZNj pic.twitter.com/Xo3clXuM86— Samsung Mobile (@SamsungMobile) March 29, 2017 9:08 PM: Bixby also shows contextual info. This means it learns about app usages and throws back info in the form of cards. It simply adapts to the user based on usage, time and date.It also has a basic reminders tool that lets you set geolocation alerts. Bixby to work with Google Play Music. 9:07 PM: There’s a button on the side of the S8 that’s entirely dedicated to launching Bixby. The S8’s camera is enhanced with Bixby for visual search. It sounds like Google Goggles, but right inside the camera. It can search for similar images, identify landmarks, and of course let you buy things from Amazon. 9:05 PM: Samsung goes live with digital assistant Bixby. The assistant will make live interactions easier with users. It will help users to switch between touch and voice commands, a top executive says. 9:03 PM:Samsung Health will now let you directly connect with a doctor to get diagnosis and prescriptions without having to leave your house. It does it through video calls. 9:01 PM: Talking services, highlighting Samsung Pay and its success over the past couple years. Has been used for 240 million transactions to date. Samsung also has something new called Samsung Pass. It’s Samsung’s tool that lets you log in to apps and websites with biometric authentication. Watch the live stream here 8:59 PM: Samsung S8 to come with Iris Scanner and face recognition more like Windows Hello. There is still a fingerprint scanner at the rear. 8:55 PM: Samsung S8 is dust-resistant and water-resistant too. The S8 will come with a 10-nanometre processor. The US will see the Snapdragon 835, but other markets will get Samsung’s own Exynos chip. In terms of battery, S8 has a 3,000mAh battery and the Plus has 3,500. Both smaller than the S7 Edge from last year, but include fast wired and wireless charging. A more efficient processor means faster downloads, longer battery life, and less wasted energy. #UnboxYourPhone. https://t.co/pHVmdc8ZNj pic.twitter.com/oDVCK387so— Samsung Mobile (@SamsungMobile) March 29, 2017 8:53 PM: Samsung S8 comes with multi-frame processor to take better phones. The camera takes a lot of images and then the frame processor chooses the best of the lot. The front camera on the phone is a 8-megapixel sensor. 8:50 PM: Samsung S8’s Infinity display will give users more screen to interact with. The S8 has a UHD display that means that your favourite shows will be more enjoyable. The Home Button is under the display now to provide more space for the screen. 8:48 PM: Denison starts with the Infinity display. The S8 has dual-curved edges too. This means that the phone will have a bigger display just like LG’s new G6 display. A phone you can use at the pool, in the rain… even in the shower. #UnboxYourPhone https://t.co/pHVmdc8ZNj pic.twitter.com/WLXb8eAJzS— Samsung Mobile (@SamsungMobile) March 29, 2017 8:46 PM: Justin Denison, Samsung vice president for US, takes to stage to explain the specifications in detail. He starts with the display. 8:44 PM: Koh says S8 will take customers to the future. Samsung also confirms a near bezel-less display on both sizes. 8:42 PM: Samsung confirms that there will be two phones -- Samsung S8 and S8 Plus. This means that there will be a difference in screen sizes just like Apple did with its iPhones. 8:39 PM: Samsung S8 to come with Infinity display, a sharper camera with Iris scanner. Koh confirms that Samsung S8 will come with Bixby. There will be announcements in the VR arena too with a new VR 360 headset. 8:38 PM: Samsung S8 will be everything you expect, says Koh. “It will be trustworthy and we have focussed on quality and customer satisfaction. 8:34 PM: Koh is taking stock of the innovation of smartphones as he prepares to showcase what Samsung is calling the next innovation. Samsung built its first smartphone in 1988. 8:33 PM: Says that it has been a challenging year for Samsung. 8:32 PM: President of Mobile communications business, DJ Koh, takes to stage to start the presentation 8:31 PM: The Samsung presentation starts with an AV playing. Samsung starts playing an advertisement. 8:28 PM: The presentation is about to begin in New York. Samsung is calling the event Galaxy Unpacked 2017. It was at this time of the year in 2016 that Apple had unveiled its iPhone SE. 8:22 PM: According to a report in The Investor that cites Korean outlet Chosun Biz, the company may offer Galaxy S8 buyers a three-month unconditional return policy. Currently most smartphones offer upto two weeks - an industry average. 8:15 PM: Reports and leaks suggest that the phone is expected to come with an all new digital assistant called Bixby which will also have a dedicated button at the side of the smartphone. 8:11 PM: Speculations are rife that the phone may be the first to carry Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor although Samsung might use its Exynos processor on the phone in a few countries. Live updates here. Additionally, reports also claim that Samsung is doing everything under the sun to get its clean image back. Not only has it started a new laboratory to make sure phones don’t explode but it also might take a huge risk and offer customers an ‘unconditional return’ from three months of purchase on the Galaxy S8 smartphones. tags Live Live updates of Samsung Galaxy 8 launch Bixby live coverage live streaming more from tech Samsung Galaxy S8 launch: A look at the new features that it may bring Mar 29, 2017 19:22 IST Phone maker Oppo sacks Chinese employee for ‘throwing’ Indian flag in dustbin Mar 29, 2017 22:14 IST FD vs Stocks: Which One Should You Choose? Promotional Feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Bonhomie gives way to rancour, session ends with AAP MLAs’ slogans against speaker Mar 29, 2017 22:20 IST Crowd ransacks govt hospital in Thane; manhandles 2 doctors Mar 29, 2017 22:13 IST In Punjab House, govt and Oppn talk finances, couplet for couplet Mar 29, 2017 22:11 IST Militants attack police station in Kashmir’s Kulgam district, no casualties Mar 29, 2017 22:17 IST Mumbai man moves HC for exchange of old currency worth Rs 1L Mar 29, 2017 22:09 IST Punjab vigilance to probe Rs 31,000-crore foodgrain ‘scam’ in SAD-BJP regime Mar 29, 2017 21:51 IST Accused of sexual harassment, Nalanda University student suspended Mar 29, 2017 21:45 IST Environmental groups vowing to fight Trump climate actions Mar 29, 2017 22:21 IST Trump set to kill Obama’s online privacy regulations Mar 29, 2017 22:19 IST Police open fire after female driver strikes patrol car near US Capitol Mar 29, 2017 22:17 IST Westinghouse “not abandoning” Indian nuclear projects despite bankruptcy Mar 29, 2017 21:53 IST 146 migrants feared dead after shipwreck in Mediterranean, says lone survivor Mar 29, 2017 21:51 IST Exxon Mobil urges Trump to stay in Paris climate accord Mar 29, 2017 21:23 IST Syria: Islamic State holds terrified civilians as human shields in Raqqa Mar 29, 2017 21:15 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Heat crime: MP woman stabbed by husband after setting herself afire over air cooler Mar 29, 2017 21:29 IST KFC opens after police intervention but meat shops remain shut in Gurgaon Mar 29, 2017 21:14 IST Illegal sand boa trade in Bihar puts rare snake species to risk of extinction Mar 29, 2017 20:39 IST Arvind Kejriwal-led AAP must pay Rs 97 crore in 30 days for ‘splurging’ govt money... Mar 29, 2017 20:41 IST Men, machines fall silent as mining comes to halt Mar 29, 2017 20:29 IST Money for nothing: UP man recovers cash stolen in 2015, but in demonetised notes Mar 29, 2017 20:19 IST Jaipur: CCD employee who slapped customer said she was called a ‘slut and bitch’ Mar 29, 2017 20:51 IST House for all: Uttarakhand aims to beat PM’s deadline by 2 years Mar 29, 2017 19:45 IST Surya namaskar resembles namaz, how can it be communal?: UP CM Yogi Adityanath Mar 29, 2017 20:38 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors The Mental Health Care Bill covers many gaps in treatment and services Mar 29, 2017 16:59 IST There’s no dearth of tech if govt really wants to deal with Bhopal’s toxic waste Mar 29, 2017 15:57 IST Timely intervention could have helped patients such as Kanpur IIT Professor Mar 29, 2017 16:58 IST How Emergency provided the template for the mobilisation of Hindutva forces Mar 29, 2017 12:45 IST Finance bill makes funding for political parties more opaque than ever Mar 29, 2017 21:09 IST No problem playing under Glenn Maxwell in IPL despite tiff: Wriddhiman Saha Mar 29, 2017 21:16 IST India least interested to play with Pakistan, says Javed Miandad Mar 29, 2017 22:15 IST Dinesh Karthik hits ton as Tamil Nadu beat India B to win Deodhar Trophy final Mar 29, 2017 21:17 IST Mohammad Irfan banned for one year for bookie link in Pakistan Super League T20 Mar 29, 2017 20:18 IST BCCI not in touch with Pakistan Cricket Board for bilateral series: Shaharyar K... Mar 29, 2017 16:46 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa No problem playing under Glenn Maxwell in IPL despite tiff: Wriddhiman Saha Mar 29, 2017 21:16 IST Saina Nehwal, PV Sindhu in second round of India Open badminton Mar 29, 2017 20:46 IST India least interested to play with Pakistan, says Javed Miandad Mar 29, 2017 22:15 IST Dinesh Karthik hits ton as Tamil Nadu beat India B to win Deodhar Trophy final Mar 29, 2017 21:17 IST Daring attempt to steal F1 legend Enzo Ferrari’s body from his grave foiled Mar 29, 2017 19:29 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Sonakshi Sinha feels films based on books are lucky for her Mar 29, 2017 20:43 IST Confirmed: Raju Shrivastav is joining The Kapil Sharma Show Mar 29, 2017 20:29 IST Comedy alert: One comedian, multiple characters, all thanks to video filters Mar 29, 2017 19:55 IST Kamya Punjabi on Rahul Raj Singh’s legal notice: I don’t care about what Rahul ... Mar 29, 2017 19:21 IST I became an actor to do films but TV gave better opportunities: Yash Tonk Mar 29, 2017 18:45 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Travel diaries: The cities where you can find luxury, for less Mar 29, 2017 21:31 IST Paralysed man moves arms using thought-controlled technology, reveals study Mar 29, 2017 21:10 IST Have issues with your in-laws, or vice versa? Here’s some expert advice Mar 29, 2017 18:46 IST Gilt-y pleasure: Italian artisan crafts 24-carat gold shoes Mar 29, 2017 18:38 IST Have you been talking more to Siri lately? You must be lonely Mar 29, 2017 17:25 IST Westinghouse “not abandoning” Indian nuclear projects despite bankruptcy Mar 29, 2017 21:53 IST Lok Sabha passes key GST bills: Understanding the tax reform and what it means Mar 29, 2017 22:00 IST India inches closer to July rollout of tax reform as Lok Sabha passes four GST ... Mar 29, 2017 22:21 IST Basmati rice exports likely to grow to Rs 22,000 crore in next fiscal Mar 29, 2017 20:20 IST Tata Motors launches ‘styleback’ Tigor: Check out prices and features Mar 29, 2017 19:59 IST Banks to remain closed on April 1: RBI . Mar 29, 2017 18:18 IST Your bank account number could become common identity platform for financial pr... Mar 29, 2017 17:40 IST Samsung Galaxy S8 launch: A look at the new features that it may bring Mar 29, 2017 19:22 IST Samsung Galaxy S8 highlights: Phones to come with Bixby, iris scanner and Snap ... Mar 29, 2017 22:24 IST Phone maker Oppo sacks Chinese employee for ‘throwing’ Indian flag in dustbin Mar 29, 2017 22:14 IST Samsung Galaxy S8 launch: Hours away, watch live stream and get live updates Mar 29, 2017 18:42 IST AKG K52 headphones review: Looks stricly business but less bass heavy Mar 29, 2017 16:46 IST Micromax Dual 5 with two rear cameras, 1-year replacement scheme launched at Rs... Mar 29, 2017 16:39 IST Samsung Galaxy S8 launch: Return phone unconditionally from 3 months of purchase Mar 29, 2017 18:40 IST IIT Roorkee lifts curfew at hostels for girls Mar 29, 2017 20:39 IST UP govt helpline to curb copying in board exams Mar 29, 2017 19:03 IST MAH MCA CET 2017 results declared, check them here Mar 29, 2017 17:27 IST UPSC NDA and NA Exam April 2017: Admit card for non-Delhi centres issued Mar 29, 2017 16:42 IST OFB Trade Apprenticeship recruitment 2017: Answer keys of written exam expected... Mar 29, 2017 18:29 IST In pics: MPs play football to promote U-17 Fifa World Cup 2017 Mar 29, 2017 21:20 IST Driven by passion classical instrument makers struggle to continue... Mar 29, 2017 13:41 IST Navratri 2017: Festival of nine nights begins Mar 29, 2017 08:55 IST Kashmir encounter: 3 civilians killed in Chadoora Mar 28, 2017 18:43 IST Gudi Padwa: Welcoming the Maharashtrian new year Mar 28, 2017 21:38 IST Parched cobra drinks water from bottle Mar 29, 2017 21:24 IST Caught on cam: BHU students vandalise doctor’s car Mar 29, 2017 15:34 IST Meat ban in UP forces Muslims to serve vegetable biryani in weddings Mar 29, 2017 12:03 IST New Mental Healthcare Bill decriminalises suicide attempt Mar 29, 2017 09:58 IST Unusual innovation wins village teen Japanese exchange programme Mar 29, 2017 09:58 IST ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 30, 2:34 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology TP-Link Integrates Smart Products With Google Assistant On Google Home, Pixel By Corazon Victorino On 03/29/17 AT 12:43 PM Close TP-Link has announced that its slew of smart home products now have support for Google’s intelligent assistant Google Assistant. Hence, consumers may now control their TP-Link smart devices using Google Home and the Pixel handsets as these come with Google Assistant.  Among the many home products of TP-Link, the company pointed out that the TP-Link Smart Wi-Fi Bulbs, Smart Wi-Fi Switches and the Smart Plugs are now controllable using voice commands for Google Assistant. The smart light bulbs respond to certain commands like switching on and off and decreasing or increasing the brightness of the light. For bulbs that have color options, users may switch from one color to another using voice commands as well.  “TP-Link’s smart home products bring simplicity to the modern smart home,” TP-Link USA Executive VP Lewis Wu said in a press release. “Through our integration with the Google Assistant on Google Home and Google Pixel, consumers are now able to use voice control to enhance their home automation.”  To use Google Assistant in controlling TP-Link’s smart home products, users should enable the functionality in TP-Link’s Kasa app. To do this, users should set up a Kasa account first so they could sign into the Kasa app on their Android or iOS device. In the app, they will find the option to allow devices to remotely control their TP-Link home products. Once enabled, users should head to the Google Home app and access their Kasa account from there to identify and select registered smart devices they wish to control using voice command. After successfully setting up the Kasa account and the Google Home app, users can give voice commands to the Google Home speakers or the Pixel handsets to interact with the smart devices. Per usual, users should say “OK Google,” “Hey Google” or “Hi Google” to wake up Google Assistant.  According to Android Headlines, Google has been working with manufacturers and other companies to integrate their products with Google Assistant so consumers will mostly rely on the voice assistant in controlling their smart home appliances. Other companies that have already secured the compatibility of their products and services with Google Assistant include Best Buy, Wink, Vivint, Nest, Philips Hue, Honeywell, Belkin and Samsung SmartThings.    TP-Link smart products now support Google’s intelligent personal assistant Google Assistant. Photo: Reuters/Beck Diefenbach Related Stories Google Scraps Upcoming Maps App Feature Google For iOS Updated With New Widget, Keyboard Feature Android Tablets Are Not Getting Google Assistant Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business Climate-Related Terms Not Wanted At DOE A supervisor told some staffers at the Department of Energy they should avoid using terms like climate change, emissions reduction and Paris agreement. Technology ‘The Witness’ Dev Is Working On A New Game Game designer Jonathan Blow just announced on social media that he and his team are currently looking for an animator for their new game. World Scientists Discover Unexpected Behavior In Creation Of Entangled Photons For the longest time, scientists thought that entangled particles emerged from the same point in space. New observations challenge this belief. National State Department Employee Arrested Over Contact With Chinese Agents Candace Claiborne, a 60-year-old employee of the State Department, was charged Wednesday with concealing extensive contacts with foreign agents. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Don't Freak Out Google's mobile-first index is (still) months away Not So Exact Google to further dilute exact match in AdWords Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for weekly recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google quietly expands rich cards worldwide Less than a year since Google first introduced rich cards in the US, they're now expanding the feature globally. Barry Schwartz on March 29, 2017 at 10:17 am More Google is expanding support for rich cards globally. Yesterday, Google updated the blog post that originally announced this feature back in May 2016. In this update, Google said rich cards are now available globally. Originally, rich cards launched in the US just for movie and recipe websites. That has expanded over the months, both in terms the types of websites that are supported and what geographic versions of Google search support it. Now, rich cards are fully supported globally. Google wrote: In 2016, we launched rich cards in the US, creating a new way for site owners to present previews of their content on the Search results page. Starting today, sites all over the world can now build rich cards across Google Search. By building Rich Cards, you have a new opportunity to attract more engaged users to your page. Users can swipe through recipes in the UK from sites like BBC Good Food or browse movies in Mexico from Cinepapaya or view restaurants in Germany from Prinz.de. Also, rich cards support the AMP format. So if you build AMP pages, users will be able to swipe near instantly from page to page. Google has not written or announced this expansion on any of their channels yet. We found this thanks to a tip from @ShobhitSaxena22. About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Topics Channel: SEOGoogle: Rich SnippetsGoogle: SEOSEO: Structured Data & Schema.org Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Guide to Google My Business For Multi-Location Brands Guide to Review Response AI: The Next Generation of Marketing Five Best Practices for Preparing In-House IT for Corporate Video Workflows Channel Marketing Transformation: A Tactical Guide to Upgrading Your Channel Marketing Program See More Whitepapers Webinars National Brands & Local Search: Use insights to drive actions The Value of a Happy Customer: Action steps to a great customer experience How to Use Network Data to Turn Bad Inputs into Gold See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Don't Freak Out Google's mobile-first index is (still) months away Not So Exact Google to further dilute exact match in AdWords Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for weekly recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Why Google’s SEO advice is NOT (always) in your best interest Google often provides useful information to the SEO community, but columnist Nate Dame argues that ultimately, the company's advice is in their best interest, not yours -- so make sure you understand the nuances. Nate Dame on March 29, 2017 at 10:24 am More Last month, Google released a video detailing best practices for hiring an SEO company, and it is positioned to become the go-to guide for hiring an SEO. After all, who better to tell companies what they should look for in an SEO than the operators of the world’s most popular search engine? The advice in the video is useful, but it’s biased and incomplete — like so much of the information the company distributes. For example, Ohye states that valid recommendations from an SEO must be corroborated by official Google statements, but the search giant frequently declines to comment on algorithm updates, and they have also been known to advise what they want SEOs to do — not necessarily what works. Reputable SEO companies seriously consider all official statements that Google makes about its ranking factors. But if Google is an SEO company’s only source of data and best practice information, the results of the SEO’s work are likely to be suboptimal. Whether you’re trying to hire an SEO company or improve your own SEO strategy in general, remember a few things about Google: their word is not always their bond, their data is deliberately incomplete, and they are a for-profit company. 1. Google’s word is not gospel In 2011, Google released an authorship feature in search. By using Schema.org markup, web content could be attributed to a specific author. Authors with multiple high-quality, published pieces would become their own positive ranking factor for content attributed to them. It was an exciting change for both SEOs and writers, and Google expressed a long-term commitment to the feature on multiple occasions. But in mid-2014, authorship was discontinued. Google cited low adoption rates and low value to searchers as its reasons for discontinuing the feature. It is a notable example of the problem with following Google’s advice to the letter, and it is only one of dozens of discontinued Google services. Is it wrong for Google to discontinue a feature that offers low value? Absolutely not. But it does demonstrate that just because Google recommends something, it doesn’t mean it’s a valuable task to invest time and money into. Another example is Google’s assertion late last year that a penalty was coming for sites with intrusive interstitials. They announced the change and forewarned SEOs and webmasters so that they’d have time to remove offending interstitials from their sites. In January, the change was rolled out, but sites who had ignored the warnings don’t seem to have been penalized. Google’s inconsistencies mean two things: The recommendations in Google’s latest video aren’t set in stone either. When user behavior and/or their business priorities change, so will Google’s advice. If you actually are trying to hire an SEO company, don’t hire someone who is afraid to throw stones at Goliath. The most effective SEO companies consider a variety of data sources when prioritizing SEO work. 2. Google’s data is incomplete Google is also known for distilling limited information when it comes to the data provided in its tools. Google Analytics and Search Console are valuable sources of data for engagement SEO tasks and keyword and user intent research, but the data provided by these tools is incomplete. For example, in 2013, Google moved to SSL encrypted search for all users. This removed keyword data that was formerly accessible through Google Analytics, replacing it with instances of “not provided” data. SEOs were forced to turn to the only other viable source of discovering keywords a site is currently ranking for: Google Search Console. But in a study published by Moz early this year, researchers found that the numbers in Search Console do not match tests performed in search or Google Analytics data. The researchers ultimately concluded that webmasters should be skeptical of the data in Google Search Console and must validate the data retrieved to avoid reaching unreliable conclusions. Data provided by Google is rounded, estimated, sampled and incomplete. If you’re hiring an SEO company, be sure to ask what tools they use. Analytics and Search Console should be on the list, but they should be paired with third-party tools as well. And it’s not just numerical or keyword data. Google has a long history of getting SEOs to work for them by only distributing information that promotes its own agenda. Remember to take Google’s official advice — whether it’s about hiring an SEO or specific SEO strategies — with a grain of salt. 3. Google is a for-profit company, not a public service When an algorithm update is released or a change is made, the reasoning Google provides almost always points back to providing an excellent user experience. This makes it easy to imagine that their decisions are grounded in public service: provide excellent search results so people can find what they need quickly and easily. But Google is not a public service, it’s a for-profit company. A 2015 report, “Beyond the FTC Memorandum: Comparing Google’s Internal Discussions with Its Public Claims,” compared Google’s internal policies and practices to their public statements about those policies and practices and found several inconsistencies. The FTC found evidence to question whether Google’s search results: are designed to benefit users or Google. de-prioritize bad sites or Google competitors. use unbiased algorithms or human decisions. Because Google’s empire is built on paid ads. In the first quarter of 2015 Google took in $17.3 billion in revenue, up 12% year over year. Nearly all of it — $15.5 billion — came from advertising sales. About $12 million of that came on the company’s own sites with the rest being derived from its network. The value of that digital real estate depends on users preferring their service and spending time on their SERPs, which is why paid ad space is growing. In 2016, Google added a fourth ad slot above organic search results and expanded the amount of text that can appear in ads. While these changes have driven increased ad growth, they’ve harmed organic search growth, which is arguably not in the user’s best interest. Further: “Ad” labels continue to slowly disappear on SERPs, making paid ads look more like earned, organically ranked results. Description text may be set to expand again, making the paid ads larger and more enticing than content ranking well because of quality, user preference and so on. Between additional top-of-page and bottom-of-page ads, featured snippets, carousels, Google tools and “people also ask” boxes, organic search results on page one have been reduced from 10 links to an average of 8.5. For many queries, organic results do not appear until well below the fold. Four ads at the top of Google’s SERP for “cloud hosting” push even a piece of the featured snippet below the fold. In some cases — particularly for content in featured snippets — these changes have helped sites grow incoming organic traffic. In other cases, these changes have served Google in overtaking its competitors: Organic travel and shopping site results both appear below tools like Google Flights and Google Shopping. Newly implemented carousels feature Google Analytics in the first spot for queries like “best marketing software.” When clicking on a carousel result, Google doesn’t take you to the home page of the company listed; it performs a secondary search. These changes to SERPs result in users spending more time on Google and seeing more ads. A recent study by Moz and Jumpshot proved that on mobile search, which Google is favoring moving forward, more than half of all searches result in zero clicks. For an advertising-funded search engine, these changes are unsurprising, though seemingly counterproductive to the searcher-first policies the company enforces on other sites. Thus, when Google releases new information, it’s important to consider it in a larger context. For example, if you removed all of the newsletter signup interstitials from your site at Google’s command, you likely experienced a reduction in incoming leads and new subscribers. There’s also no reason to believe that Google’s recent advice about hiring an SEO agency is any more altruistic. If you’re going to start working with an SEO professional, be sure to ask how they approach challenges like shrinking organic results and the rise of mobile search. SEO is more complex — and competitive — than ever before Some have pointed to these changes as proof that SEO is dead, but that’s an over-dramatization of the facts. SEO is not dead, but it is more competitive than ever before. Google is a serious competitor to contend with in search results, but it’s not the only one: More than 75 million blog posts are published each month on WordPress alone. 300 hours of video are uploaded to YouTube every minute. The amount of content online is massive, and there are a lot of companies vying for users’ attention. The growth in competition for search results isn’t surprising given than Google reports handling more than 2 trillion searches per year. Search represents a significant market for inbound traffic, and the bottom line is that Google is still the most popular search engine. It’s an extremely powerful, viable and required channel for marketers. The best thing to look for when hiring an SEO is someone who understands modern SEO strategies, and who teaches you how to utilize the power of search engines to grow your own audience. This is advice Google will never provide, but it is nonetheless crucial to successful digital marketing in a fiercely competitive field. It definitely won’t do digital publishers any good to try to fight the search giant, but — whether you’re hiring an SEO or improving your strategy in general — remember to keep Google’s advice in context. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Nate Dame Nate provides results-oriented SEO leadership with an emphasis on B2B and technology brands. He is a speaker, columnist for Marketo and Search Engine Land, and leads client strategy at Propecta. Related Topics All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOGoogleGoogle: SEOSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Guide to Google My Business For Multi-Location Brands Guide to Review Response AI: The Next Generation of Marketing Five Best Practices for Preparing In-House IT for Corporate Video Workflows Channel Marketing Transformation: A Tactical Guide to Upgrading Your Channel Marketing Program See More Whitepapers Webinars National Brands & Local Search: Use insights to drive actions The Value of a Happy Customer: Action steps to a great customer experience How to Use Network Data to Turn Bad Inputs into Gold See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Don't Freak Out Google's mobile-first index is (still) months away Not So Exact Google to further dilute exact match in AdWords Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for weekly recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Fred’s losers: Sistrix analysis says ad-heavy, thin-content sites hit worst Here is our first report from an SEO data provider that analyzes 300 domains after the Google Fred update. Barry Schwartz on March 29, 2017 at 11:36 am More Sistrix, an SEO toolset data collection company, published their analysis of the Google Fred update after reviewing “nearly 300 domains.” Their analysis describes the sites and pages that were hit like this: “…advertisement, outdated, thin and scraped content, as well as incomprehensible articles made up of 300 word ‘SEO texts’ pumped to the brim with main keyword mentions and void of any useful information or a sense of readability.” They have confirmed our analysis of Fred, where we said low value content sites were hit by this update. Juan Gonzalez from Sistrix analyzed 300 website domains on Google Germany, Spain, the United Kingdom and the United States, all of which lost Google search results visibility after March 13, 2017. Juan said that “nearly all losers were very advertisement heavy, especially banner ads, many of which were AdSense campaigns … Another thing that we often noticed was that those sites offered little or poor quality content, which had no value for the reader.” He then shared specific examples of sites that were hit and how bad their visibility dropped. Many of the sites lost between 50 percent and 90 percent visibility in Google, which correlates with what we’ve seen webmasters report their Google traffic has dropped after being hit by this Fred update. This chart shows the ranking distribution on Google for freewarefiles.com before the Fred update: This chart shows the ranking distribution on Google for freewarefiles.com after the Fred update: Here is a visibility report from Sistrix show a 75 percent drop for freewarefiles.com in Google.com: Google has confirmed there was a new update but would not add anything outside of the fact that what it targeted can be found in the Google webmaster guidelines. About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Topics Channel: SEOGoogle: Algorithm UpdatesGoogle: SEO Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Guide to Google My Business For Multi-Location Brands Guide to Review Response AI: The Next Generation of Marketing Five Best Practices for Preparing In-House IT for Corporate Video Workflows Channel Marketing Transformation: A Tactical Guide to Upgrading Your Channel Marketing Program See More Whitepapers Webinars National Brands & Local Search: Use insights to drive actions The Value of a Happy Customer: Action steps to a great customer experience How to Use Network Data to Turn Bad Inputs into Gold See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Robot Wars – Google Home joins the fight Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Best Chrome Extensions How to make a house a smart home Windows 10 update designed for Creators with 3D app and mixed reality headset Windows 10 update designed for Creators with 3D app and mixed reality headset Ford rolls out virtual try before you buy to supercharge test drives Responsibility in the IoT: Why security can’t be treated as an afterthought How to make a house a smart home IBM turns dog whisperer with drone that will look after your pets Siemens commits to post-Brexit UK in yet another vote of confidence for the city Three, Cisco sign major IoT deal to bring connectivity to global enterprise CeBit 2017: Huawei leads the wei on road to digital transformation CeBit 2017: The key tech driving this year’s fair in Hannover From zero to hero in two years – AI is one of the biggest digital disruptors in supply chain Blackrock bets on robots to win big on stock markets Salesforce brings Einstein AI to Financial Services Cloud Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Has Oracle just won the cloud game? Big Red kills cloud taxes Cloud skills hit by gender gap as UK companies struggle to find talent Is Oracle looking to acquire Accenture? Has Oracle just won the cloud game? Big Red kills cloud taxes Cloud skills hit by gender gap as UK companies struggle to find talent Is Oracle looking to acquire Accenture? Has Oracle just won the cloud game? Big Red kills cloud taxes Cloud skills hit by gender gap as UK companies struggle to find talent Is Oracle looking to acquire Accenture? Has Oracle just won the cloud game? Big Red kills cloud taxes Cloud skills hit by gender gap as UK companies struggle to find talent Is Oracle looking to acquire Accenture? Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Why cyber security ignorance is bliss for IoT hackers Hackers steal nearly 4 million records every day Almost half of UK business has NO cyber security plan Windows 10 update designed for Creators with 3D app and mixed reality headset Why cyber security ignorance is bliss for IoT hackers Responsibility in the IoT: Why security can’t be treated as an afterthought Almost half of UK business has NO cyber security plan WhatsApp encryption helps terrorists hide, says Home Secretary Amber Rudd Symantec dealt major blow as Google loses trust in security certificates Monzo momentum mounts amid massive fundraiser Hackers steal nearly 4 million records every day Almost half of UK business has NO cyber security plan Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Samsung breathes new life into Galaxy S8 with revamped design How to make a house a smart home Windows 10 update designed for Creators with 3D app and mixed reality headset Samsung breathes new life into Galaxy S8 with revamped design Windows 10 update designed for Creators with 3D app and mixed reality headset Best Mobile Antivirus How to make a house a smart home Windows 10 update designed for Creators with 3D app and mixed reality headset Extremist YouTube videos could cost Google $750m How to make a house a smart home Siemens commits to post-Brexit UK in yet another vote of confidence for the city BT handed record £42m fine for Openreach installation failings Windows 10 update designed for Creators with 3D app and mixed reality headset Best Video Editing Software for Mac Best laptops for programming Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Former Intel CIO to lead Lenovo data centre business Equinix Cloud Exchange expands in Europe to bring more cloud choice to business Colt DCS targets cheaper AWS & Azure cloud costs with private data centre connectivity The power of Facebook: What the data centre world can learn from Open Compute Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Microsoft embraces open source innovation for data centres at OCP 2017 Schneider Electric targets IoT and edge apps with micro data centre Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change CUI chills the data centre market with ICE Block Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Interxion expands European colo market with new London data centre Facebook fails to throw out lawsuit that alleges data centre design theft Big Data Analytics What is a Data Scientist? Will user behaviour analytics KO SIEM? MapR targets Edge analytics for IoT devices Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Has Oracle just won the cloud game? Big Red kills cloud taxes Intel Optane SSD doubles down on data centre storage The Great Data Divide: Baby Boomers vs. Millennials Best Chrome Extensions What is digital process automation and what benefits could it bring to your enterprise? Windows 10 update designed for Creators with 3D app and mixed reality headset Intel gives traditional hard drives a speed boost with Optane Memory Qualcomm Snapdragon is now a platform, not a processor Facebook unveils new GPU server Big Basin Is Oracle looking to acquire Accenture? AWS puts the call centre in the cloud with Amazon Connect 2017: the year when identity and access management is placed at the heart of digital transformation Best free PDF editors Android O Preview drops for developers, offers better battery life and notifications Automate DevOps so you can focus on a security-first culture IBM, Red Hat make hybrid cloud look easy with OpenStack Kaspersky targets VMware NSX security for software defined data centres Vmware, Microsoft & Red Hat: Which virtualisation vendor is best for your business? Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers English French What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers How to make a house a smart home Internet of ThingsSmart Technology Back to Home Robot Wars – Google Home joins the fight Increase / Decrease text size Joe Clark   - Reporter 29th March 2017 Add to favorites Google Home is coming to the UK, joining Amazon echo in the battle of the virtual assistants, but who has the upper hand so far? Virtual assistants are all the rage right now, the idea of having your very own version of Iron Man’s Jarvis, Moon’s GERTY, or even Her’s Samantha if you’re that way inclined, has never been closer to reality. The two big names currently leading the pack are Amazon Echo and Google Home, both of which are capable of acting as smart hubs for homes and streamlining daily activities. The proto-AI’s Echo and Google Home both offer a range of smart services such as weather reports, music playback, and Netflix integration designed to take the hassle out of the little things in life. They can also both integrate with smart home applications such as Nest allowing you to control the heating of your home through voice commands. Google has recently announcement that its Home is finally coming to UK homes this year, whilst Echo has been available since autumn of 2016, and both Home and Echo have been available in the US since 2016 and 2014 respectively. However, is Google going to be late to the party? Has Echo already captured too much of the market for Home to effectively join the battle of the smart speakers? These Virtual Personal Assistants (VPA) are a rising trend across the globe and Gartner estimates that by 2020 consumer will be spending as much as $2.1 billion on VPA enabled smart speakers and they will be found in 3.3% of all homes across the planet. Similarly, the ability to add more speakers to the same household, increases in functionality, and lower costs will see 75% of these homes owning one unit, 20% owning two, and 5% will own three or more devices by 2020. Currently it is estimated by Consumer Intelligence Research Partners (CIRP) that by October 2016 Echo had sold over 5 million units since launch, approximately 2 million of which were in the first 9 months. Whilst Morgan Stanley estimate the total the sold by 2017 could total 11 million. CIRP also found that 69% US Amazon customers are now aware of Amazon Echo, up from 20% in 2015. Both Google Home and Echo were hot topics over the holidays, but whilst there aren’t any sales statistics for Google Home, the most optimistic estimates place the device at less than a million since launching in October, and Google and Amazon typically do best in the fourth quarter. However, Google and Amazon reported that they had sold out of their respective devices in the holiday of 2016. Gartner estimates that by 2018 30% of all search queries will be given by voice commands and ComScore predicts this number will 50% by 2020. Currently there are over 40,000 searches a second on Google and 3.5 billion a day, this allows the company to generate enormous amounts of its revenue through search based advertising placements. If Google cannot edge its way into the home effectively then Amazon Echo’s own search mechanics, which are powered by Microsoft’s Bing, could bypass these ads, effectively carving off a chunk of Google’s revenue. Similarly, as Google introduces its own smart speaker into the home, these searches will then be undercutting their own advertising. However, whilst Echo has certainly been the most popular of the two so far, arguably due to its earlier release, that does not mean that the device is the best of the two. Many reviews for Google Home have noted that the system may have benefited from a later release as the device appears to be generally smarter than its competitor. For instance, Home is currently capable of better understanding the context surrounding any queries you might have. It’s possible for the device to understand when you are asking a follow up question such as ‘what is the weather today’ followed by ‘what about tomorrow’. Echo is not quite as advanced as that and would require users to state the question in full, asking ‘what is the weather today’ or ‘what is the weather tomorrow.’ The distinction may seem trivial but if voice commands really are going to be the way forward then an intuitive system like this could really give Google the edge. Voice tech needs to be responsive and as human-like as possible in order to avoid the uncanny valley and potentially deterring customers. One of the other major theatres in this war will be who can provide the most functionality, Home is slightly newer and shinier but Echo has the benefit of experience. Since Amazon opened up Echo to third party developers, Amazon Echo’s ‘skills’ as they are known have risen from 1,000 in June of 2016 to over 7,000 by January 2017. However, quantity is not quality and a new report from industry startup VoiceLabs found that 69% of these skills had either zero or one rating or review, meaning they were used very little, if ever. According to analysts, both Home and Echo have a huge potential to change the market, and whilst Echo seems to have the early bird advantage that doesn’t necessarily mean much. It has the install base, for now, but if VoiceLabs findings are anything to go by it shows the system has some problems with retaining user investment. Google Home is expected to Launch in the UK this summer and it could mark a turning point in the battle of the home assistants. Tags alexa Amazon Amazon Echo cortana Google google home Homepage Analysis List smart speaker Previous ArticleMonzo momentum mounts amid massive fundraiser Next ArticleWhat is digital process automation and what benefits could it bring to your enterprise? Most read Almost half of UK business has NO cyber security plan Tom Ball 27th March 2017 IBM turns dog whisperer with drone that will look after your pets Byomakesh Biswal 27th March 2017 Three, Cisco sign major IoT deal to bring connectivity to global enterprise Ellie Burns 27th March 2017 1 in 4 believe robots would make better politicians Hannah Williams 22nd March 2017 Snapchat IPO gives a glimpse into the power of software James Nunns 21st March 2017 New Gmail Phishing scam trawling for unsuspecting users Tom Ball 17th March 2017 iOS 11 Screenshot Alerts – Rumoured Apple iPhone update probably untrue Joe Clark 17th March 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel Le stockage de demain By Kaminario Overcome the Attacker Advantage with McAfee Endpoint Security By Intel Editor’s Pick Open source software is for everyone – so where are the women? Ellie Burns 28th March 2017 Why cyber security ignorance is bliss for IoT hackers Joe Clark 28th March 2017 Microsoft hurdles regulatory barriers to move FS data into the cloud James Nunns 28th March 2017 BT handed record £42m fine for Openreach installation failings Joe Clark 27th March 2017 Top 5 Mother’s Day tech gifts for your tech savvy mum Hannah Williams 24th March 2017 Related News Best Chrome Extensions Tom Ball 29th March 2017 How to make a house a smart home Ellie Burns 29th March 2017 Markets From zero to hero in two years – AI is one of the biggest digital disruptors in supply chain Ellie Burns 29th March 2017 Latest in 4th Revolution 4th Revolution Elon Musk links brains and computers in latest AI venture Byomakesh Biswal 28th March 2017 4th Revolution IBM turns dog whisperer with drone that will look after your pets Byomakesh Biswal 27th March 2017 4th Revolution New Intel AI group to be led by ex-Nervana frontman Naveen Rao Byomakesh Biswal 24th March 2017 Latest in Analysis Why cyber security ignorance is bliss for IoT hackers Joe Clark 28th March 2017 Inside the buzzword: Charting the evolution of IoT Joe Clark 23rd March 2017 Productivity and profit: Is your mobility strategy mature enough? Ellie Burns 22nd March 2017 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR Samsung breathes new life into Galaxy S8 with revamped design 14 hours ago University of Wolverhampton goes virtual for storage 15 hours ago Best Chrome Extensions 15 hours ago Robot Wars – Google Home joins the fight 15 hours ago Monzo momentum mounts amid massive fundraiser 15 hours ago How to make a house a smart home 16 hours ago From zero to hero in two years – AI is one of the biggest digital disruptors in supply chain 16 hours ago Has Oracle just won the cloud game? Big Red kills cloud taxes 16 hours ago Windows 10 update designed for Creators with 3D app and mixed reality headset 17 hours ago Ford rolls out virtual try before you buy to supercharge test drives 19 hours ago From AI to a 3D camera, what to expect from the Samsung Galaxy S8 19 hours ago Cloud skills hit by gender gap as UK companies struggle to find talent 19 hours ago Blackrock bets on robots to win big on stock markets 20 hours ago IBM Trump protests demand change from CEO Ginni Rometty 22 hours ago Is Oracle looking to acquire Accenture? 22 hours ago Article 50: What UK tech wants and needs as Britain leaves EU 24 hours ago
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 71 Share on Facebook 56 Share on Twitter Total Shares146 Galaxy S8 News Phone Reviews Videos The Galaxy S6 was, by all accounts, a truly transformational moment for Samsung's industrial design. After years of building plastic phones constantly lambasted for their "cheapness," Samsung made radical changes in an attempt to completely redefine its smartphone brand. Those changes were generally well received, but it always felt like they stopped short: the software was still slow, bloated, and the battery life surprisingly poor. With the Note5 and S6 edge+ we saw significant refinement of that reinvention "moment," but not until the S7 and S7 edge did Samsung really build the concept I think they set out to with those first metal and glass sandwiches. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are Samsung's attempt to show us that they can do more than just iterate on that "Eureka" moment they had in 2015, even if those iterations have generally been quite good. And after the Note7 disaster last year, they really need to make good on that promise. After spending some time with the phones last week, I'm still on the fence as to whether Samsung has truly succeeded - but I think the pieces for success are there. Even if I don't think they're all terribly obvious, and even if the phones don't take any real big risks. The hardware Take what you loved about the Galaxy S7 edge and Note7, then just imagine it all being better. More refined, more coherent, more polished. As to that final point: literally. The Galaxy S8 siblings now feature polished aluminum mid-frames, as opposed to the matte anodized finish of years past. In particular - at least in my opinion - this looks good on the Midnight Black version of the phone, which features a shiny black mid-frame to match. The whole phone visually sort of looks like a deep black stone - it's a very interesting and striking effect Samsung has achieved here. As you'd expect of Samsung, the attention to detail is impeccable. The glass meets the aluminum in a very natural, near-seamless way, and the various body colors all have a distinct character. The front of the phones, however, do not: unlike years past, all colors of the Galaxy S8 and S8+ will feature black surrounds on the display side of the phone, to accentuate Samsung's "infinity display" and its minimal bezel. I absolutely agree with this design decision, because it brings the canvas - the screen - out as the sole focal point of the front of the device. You're drawn to the screen, and everything surrounding it just sort of falls away. Samsung has been paying attention to the little stuff, too. Everything from the design of the camera module (it now has more of stylized "lens" effect) to the smooth USB-C cutout seems carefully considered and manufactured with precision. The phones scream quality, and I am continually impressed by Samsung's ability to iterate in this area. Samsung clearly spends a lot of time and energy on its design and manufacturing processes, and it shows. Perhaps most notably, these phones mark the end of one of the last vestigial elements of the Galaxy brand: capacitive navigation keys and the physical home button. It really makes the S8 and S8+ the cleanest-looking handsets Samsung's ever produced. Above the display sit the standard array of sensors, including a new 8MP front-facing camera with software-simulated autofocus (we'll see how that goes) and the iris scanner array. Out back, Samsung says the 12MP rear camera is basically unchanged physically from last year's, with most optimizations happening on the photo processing side. I'm certainly curious to see how photos compare to last year's phones, then. You still get IP68 waterproofing, and 64GB of storage is now standard (with microSD expansion available). Samsung has retained the headphone jack, but made the switch to USB-C it began with the Note7 last year. Wireless charging is intact, too. As to the deceptively giant displays, at 5.8 and 6.2", respectively, the phones are considerably taller this year. But they're also narrowed, meaning they're easier to get a grip on, and they really aren't especially heavy or unwieldy. Ceding so much of what was previously bezel space to the expanded display seems an obvious choice in retrospect, but to me it definitely necessitated the end of the capacitive keys, otherwise all that extra height tends to feel a bit wasted. Speaking of those keys. The software To answer your first and greatest question: Yes, you can switch the order of the navigation keys. You can either have them in Samsung (read: wrong) order, or change them to the standard Android layout of back, home, and recent apps (left to right). Samsung also lets you customize the color of the navigation bar background, which is nice. Sure, the iconography is nowhere near stock, but I couldn't really give a damn what the buttons look like as long as they do what I expect them to. And no, Bixby is not mapped to long-pressing the home key: that's 100% Google Assistant. (Bixby's functional overlap with Assistant is actually quite minimal - for now.) The latest version of I-Can't-Believe-It's-Not-TouchWiz is based on Android 7.0 (not 7.1, sigh) and feels basically similar to what we had on the Note7 and now have on the Galaxy S7 phones. "Grace UX" is the easiest on the eyes TouchWiz has ever been, and while there are still a bunch of old features in there I hardly think warrant the real estate in the settings app, Samsung continues to provide its own useful additions. I didn't spend much time with the software in-depth, as I really didn't have time. And Samsung's Bixby assistant was only demoed to us in a controlled, scripted test environment, which is useless from an evaluation perspective. I can give you the overview, though: it's basically Google Goggles meets Google Now meets voice-powered accessibility controls. It's definitely an interesting mesh of features, though Samsung's hardest push seems to be around the idea that people will want to use their voice to control things like their screen brightness, toggling the hotspot, picking a camera mode or filter, and generally controlling their device. I am, to put it bluntly, unconvinced anyone will use this. But maybe it'll win me over when our review units come in and I actually have a chance to put it to the test. But, if you were worried that Bixby was an attempt to subvert Google Assistant and replace it: please, don't be. Not yet, at least. Google Assistant and Bixby happily coexist on the Galaxy S8, and are frankly rather different products. Oh, and this is kind of interesting, I guess: Samsung has also implemented the fingerprint scanner gesture to bring down the notification bar. It's off by default, I think, but it's there. Like the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge after their respective Nougat updates, the S8 and S8+ don't actually display in their native, physical resolutions by default (they're set to full HD mode). I remain very divided on this choice: while I know the vast majority of people who own these phones will never, ever notice and reap considerable battery life returns as a result, why put in these more expensive ultra-high-res panels in the first place? Samsung's answer, of course, relies heavily on VR, because you need that Quad HD display mode to provide a good VR experience. But I don't think anyone, even Samsung, has actually produced compelling evidence that consumers care about VR (apart from the companies making VR products). I guess it comes down to the question of how much more a Quad HD panel of this type would cost to produce than a 1080p version. If it's not a big difference, then I guess I get where Samsung is coming from. One feature I found quite interesting is the new home button wake gesture. Simply press your finger on the home button that is shown in the always-on display mode for a moment, and the screen will wake, indicated by a light burst of haptic feedback. While obviously you won't get far if you have a fingerprint scanner lock set, you might be more likely to use Samsung's iris scan or face unlock features (the latter is new to the S8). Given rumors that Samsung intended to place the fingerprint scanner inside the display itself with the S8 but failed to achieve the necessary yields, I have to wonder if this is the compromise they've settled on: pushing customers away from the ubiquitous fingerprint scanner, for now, until their more impressive technology is ready for primetime. As for me, I probably wouldn't use the home button wake regardless - the fingerprint scanner is simply my preferred mode of authentication. The reader is definitely a bit of a reach on these phones, though, and even with my relatively long fingers I found the S8+ would definitely take some getting used to in terms of default hand positioning. Samsung's iris scanner tech is fast and very accurate, but I'm not always looking at my phone when I unlock it. Performance on the phones is not something I feel comfortable expressing any definitive opinion on at this time. They felt fine - not crazy fast, not particularly slow - but given the notoriety Samsung's phones have achieved for slowing down over time, my experience in a controlled demo environment is simply not going to be helpful in assessing these things. It's probably better for me to end that discussion here and save the extended thoughts for our review. I obviously can't judge battery life yet, but Samsung shared an interesting figure with me: the new batteries in the Galaxy S8 and S8+ feature much better cycle longevity than the ones in last year's phones. Whereas after a year of typical charge and discharge cycles last year's Galaxy S7 and S7 edge would see around 20% of their effective capacity lost, Samsung says that figure is more like 5% of capacity lost over a year on the S8 and S8+. That's definitely encouraging. Final thoughts The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are big, beautiful phones. The larger displays are absolutely great, and the switch to virtual navigation keys is long overdue. I'm sure they'll have great cameras, and I expect battery life will probably be largely comparable to last year's phones (i.e., good). TouchWiz is, as far as user experience goes, the best it's ever been. That may not be saying much for some of you, but I generally find Samsung's UI modifications at the very least aesthetically palatable nowadays, and some of the added features are genuinely useful. A switch to 64GB of storage as standard is absolutely welcome and, I think, should be the bar to meet for any flagship phone in 2017. Bixby, despite the fears of many (myself included), doesn't really seem meant to displace Google Assistant or search on your phone. The Snapdragon 835 version of the S8 and S8+ we'll get here in the US packs a lot of new and potent technology, too - it's not just faster than the 820 and 821, it's more efficient and more capable. What am I not loving yet? Launching with Android 7.0 feels oh so typical Samsung: they can preach all they want about how they test their software endlessly in order to ensure updates are smooth and low on bugs, but I just can't shake the feeling that Samsung really has no intention of changing its approach to Android platform updates. Performance is going to be a big question, too (and it's one Samsung seems uninterested in discussing). I won't even be able to conclusively come to an answer in our review, simply due to the amount of time we'll have to use the phones before publishing. That'll take weeks and months of additional testing. Finally, there's a lot of uncertainty remaining around the value proposition these phones will offer, and without pricing, that's hard to comment on just yet. There's also a lingering feeling that the S8 and S8+ feel iterative in terms of actual user experience versus being showcases for advancements in industrial design and engineering. Samsung itself seems very eager to present the reduced bezel and larger displays as the raison d'etre for the Galaxy S8. But it's hard to tell if beauty is more than skin deep with these phones. Why is the screen curved? Because it's pretty (fragile, and the edge UI experience sucks). Why is the aluminum frame now polished? Because it's pretty (and will get scratched). Why aren't the batteries any bigger? Because thin phones are pretty (even though everyone wants bigger batteries). These are thoughts that I've had a harder time shaking than I expected. There's no doubt the Galaxy S8 and S8+ are exceptional achievements from the standpoint of design and phone-building knowhow, but I think I can distill my feelings about them down to this: I'm really unsure why I'd want one of these that much more than a Galaxy S7 edge or, if it still existed, a Note7. If there's some major improvement to performance I missed, maybe that could be it, but on most other fronts - aside from the switch to virtual nav keys - I'm left scratching my head a bit. But, maybe that's just a result of not having enough time with them. Hopefully, we'll be reviewing these phones soon enough, as I'm eager to get a deeper sense of the changes Samsung's made and how they translate into a real-world product experience. Tags galaxy 8 galaxy s8 galaxy s8 hands on galaxy s8 review s8 S8 Plus video subscribe ... Previous Story The Galaxy S8's new battery will degrade less quickly than the Galaxy S7's ... Next Story A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments Bedirhan SAVAS Cool phone except the finger print sensor Toss3 Looks like decent phones, but not enough of an upgrade to switch from the s7/s7e. As for android 7.1 it really doesn't matter as samsung usually incorporates a lot of the new features long before they are available on newer android versions. Eagerly looking forward to the Note 8 though (4K screen for VR is going to be a much needed upgrade). Taylor Vaughn I freelance online, performing basic jobs which simply requires from you a laptop or computer as well as internet accessibility and it is a life-saver for me personally... After 6 months on this job opportunity and i gained so far total of 36,000 dollars... Basicly i make about eighty bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hour most of the days.And marvelous thing about this job is that you can easily manage time while you work and for how long as you like and you get paid weekly >> http://v15.uk/xbRHM MJ I agree 4K is much needed for VR but I would question 4K or VR on a phone. LOL Toss3 Why? Works much better on phones as they aren't tethered to anything. Personally only use it for watching movies on planes or in bed when the gf is sleeping. MJ That is your only use cases? It's more useless than I thought. I watch movies on my big screen TV on my sweet couch when the GF is sleeping. No heavy BDSM head gear needed. Toss3 Pretty much. Never liked watching movies on a TV as TVs are always really small (unless you buy one of those 40k ones that are 100"<). I had a projector (with a 120" screen), but I sold it when I moved to another country, and because I don't watch TV that often a "big-screen" TV just doesn't feel that useful. I also like being thoroughly engrossed in the movies I watch without any distractions and only the Gear VR has offered me anything like that thus far. It's also the first private movie-theater that you can take with you wherever you go. The low resolution is the only thing that could be improved (and the straps of course). MJ Sure if it works for you but I don't like things strapped to my head and face. It must be a pain to unstrap when need a drink, snack, or take a piss. Toss3 You either lift the device (similar to ski goggles or snorkel) or you use the built-in pass-through mode. And there's really no need to unstrap anything when going for a piss. MJ I didn't mean literally unstrap but none of that sounds convenient or practical at all. LOL It must be me... MJ Samsung has made a product I would almost consider buying by cleaning up the UX, going with on-screen buttons, better aspect ratio, and minimizing the edge gimmick (next just get rid of it) while keeping the headphone jack and wireless charging BUT... The placement of the fingerprint is just horrible. David, you went on how Samsung pays attention to the details but they just randomly place the fingerprint reader? OK... They still make me wary of getting timely OS updates. Android 7.0? Really? I like to see if they follow up on their promise of monthly security updates on their unlocked phones. Cristian-Teodor TATOIU My S7 Edge, unlocked, Romania, received Nougat but still on freaking January security update! How bout dat? MJ That sucks but didn't they just make that promise a couple of weeks ago? Cristian-Teodor TATOIU They made that promise months ago but with the new top dog in tow... They'll make good on S8, no doubt, for the first 6-7 months. Then, they'll have the S9 to keep them busy. And so on, and so on... Really, really, really want/need timely security updates? Pixel or whatever Google brings out is the way to go. Not freaking out cause of some security vulnerabilities going unpatched for months? Samsung is an option then... They'll update, sooner or... Jordan L my friend, who is kind of paranoid about security, loves the Galaxy series of phones(probably because they look great). From a data security prospective; do you think Pixel or Galaxy is "more secure". He's worried less about hacks on old versions of the OS, he's worried about his cloud data. I vote for Pixel because you are only logging in with your Google account, and not also logging into your phone with a "Samsung" account. to use features. yes, Google tracks everything you do, but they are a US based company. Samsung is not, ... just a thought. I would THINK he would HATE the fact that he logs into his phone with Samsung account too. (you do have to use a Samsung account to fully use a Galaxy phone, right?) Justin You don't have to log in to Samsung's account to use the phone, but you lose out on things like Samsung Pay if you don't. EcE You don't need a Samsung account unless you want Samsung Pay, themes ( and their crapstore) or VR. Even then, they are two different accounts and AFAIK you don't need to share any private information to the Samsung account unless you use Samsung Pay. Vivek Rameses A non us company is much safer and private. Muh americans love garbage made in the US. dabug91 The Pixel would be the superior choice, as they will get monthly security updates through October 2019 at least. Max Johnson Battery size is concerning, but maybe that's something to do with precaution with the fire issue. Lawrence Fail!: It is way too tall, fingerprint sensor on the back, small battery, new bixie assistant with dedicated button, same old camera. Win. 64gb storage, looks cool. Biga173rd So what's a win in your book that can compare to this new phone? Zsolt V The same phone with a fruity fruit logo Biga173rd Ehhhh lno lol Lawrence Thanks for asking : the S7 and S7 edge... Better battery/size ratio same camera, same ram. Front fingerprint, and they can be hold by humans. Biga173rd Good point I personally will wait for the Note 8. Toss3 Agreed on the fingerprint sensor, but it does have face-unlock which should be a useful alternative (it is on Win 10 devices). I seriously don't understand why these companies are forcing AI assistans on us? Do people really use them? AI is useful, but not for phones. Camera is already good enough; use pro mode and it's amazing. Really can't expect better in a phone right now unless you start increasing the sensor size. EcE " this looks good on the Midnight Black version of the phone, which features a shiny black mid-frame to match" Glad to see the black phone is black on the sides, that chrome version looks horrible. Marcel Mayer hä? the device will show on 5pm? why you publish the article? PhillipeFelut so, whats the actual resolution of the display itself? DeathWolfGaming They are set to 1080p to save battery life. PhillipeFelut 2960x1440 is the number i was looking for. Jesse Lee Samsung is really receptive to their markets; a completely opposite direction from years past and from that being employed by Google Inc. The results are phones that continue to get better and better and more practical. Looks great! Timbets Linux 4.4 kernel Ishimaru I'm surprised. Even Google is still on 3.x. ProductFRED I'm not jumping to sell my S7 Edge Exynos just yet. Gotmilo waiting for the note 8 JD It's a damn solid phone. I wouldn't jump unless I pooped money and was having a bad case of the runs. Winston I'm upgrading from my flat S7 to the small S8. Why? Battery has deteriorated, and Samsung usually does really lucrative trade in deals with older phones, of which I still have an S4. John New smartphone releases are beginning to be as exciting as new dishwasher releases. That's a good thing as it means we can hold on to our phones for longer, smaller manufacturers can catch up to the big boys, and there will be more price competition rather than feature competition. Samsung seems to realize this which is why they're making a big push to differentiate on software. We would benefit from more alternatives to Google's software. I'm just skeptical that Samsung is capable. BC Um, why no images of the Dialer App's interface? It's something that I always want to know but never can readily find. David Ruddock Because I had an hour with the phones total and that wasn't really on my priority list. Sorry. BC It's cool, I'm just a weirdo that likes to know what all the interfaces I'll be interacting with regularly look within OEM apps. Cakefish Just look up the S7 Nougat update UI. I am pretty sure it'll be very similar to that, the rest of the S8's UI is. BC Not good enough for me, though I'll likely preorder the device...I'll be able to see it firsthand this way. Cakefish Check out the bajillion youtube hands-on videos, I'm sure one of them has what you're looking for :) BC I can only hope, though I have a feeling nobody will even care about the Dialer App. Cakefish Found one for ya! Look at 2:12 in the video: https://youtu.be/sZvp4L52QzQ BC Thank you! I had begun the scanning of videos to catch a hint of that app interface. Phone_Addiction Time to ditch my ip7 plus for the gs8+ brararsh Thinking of same. Adil Tajgeer i'm in the same boat but with the regular S8, it seems to be a great blend of big screen in a small package. but will just keep my iphone around. I NEED ALL THE SHINY THINGS. Biga173rd Wow!! that is one gorgeous phone. The build quality is incredible damn Sammy knocked it out of the park. And that metal frame... Nuno G. "You can either have them in Samsung (read: wrong)" Although it's not the standard order for Android, for me it's the natural order, specially for right handed persons!!! When I hold the phone, I hold normally with my right hand, so my thumb finger is the finger that is most near the screen on the right side of it. so it's normal for me to have the back button cause that's the one that I use more.. Miku is Best Vocaloid "Right handed persons" all have different preferences, I am right handed and I use the back button on the left. Middlefinger Im a lefty and Samsungs is still the better positioning. Google just have it wrong but the fanbois on here would never disagree with their Google god. JD Gotta say it wasn't until the S7e that I started to look at Samsung and that Samsung actually got me excited about Android Hardware again. I used to be a Nexus Diehard and when Google and other OEMs just all made glass rectangles, some with really bad software decisions I just gave up. But the S7e was something interesting. The S8 is a really lovely piece of Industrial engineering, like what the OG iPhone and iPhone 4 did to the industry when everyone was doing more of the same. jonzey231 I love that they continue to include wireless charging. iKon It's not even wireless... False advertising more like. jonzey231 Kay. Sharky I've been on Nexus for 5 years but I'm going to give this a go. The bezel-less screen makes it look like something genuinely new, I really wish the Pixel had looked this. I'm still skeptical about Samsung's UI skin but the move to virtual (& customizable!) buttons alleviates that a bit. Hopefully this will encourage Google to step up their efforts with the next Pixel, but it's going to take a big jump from last year's model to get me back. Jay The skin has not been a concern since s7. The whole look can be altered with one click via the theme store. I use one that makes it either look like native android or a jet black theme, that's so enjoyable on these amoled screens. Daniel Tiberius I'm looking forward to playing around with those themes. Middlefinger *S6. Sharky Admittedly the skin does looks quite nice now, I certainly hope I'm converted now I've shelled out $850 on this thing. Kevin Chaos I'm using the S7 and I really want the S8... but I'm going to force myself to wait and at least see what Apple has to offer with their next iPhone. That or Google needs to fix the Android messaging clusterfuck they've created. I've been using Android phones since the Nexus One but iPhones have come a long way and iMessage is starting to look really good. Toss3 Not sure why anyone with an S7/S7E would feel the urge to upgrade. Why not use something like Telegram, Whatsapp, etc. instead of SMS? Kevin Chaos I have a problem with wanting new toys constantly, haha. I think I've gotten a new phone every 6 months. Almost everyone I know uses SMS here. I am also using Google Voice myself. I just don't have enough friends who use those apps. At least that's my case in the United States. Toss3 I used to be like that, but now that Android has matured and caught up with the iPhone in terms of smoothness, I really don't feel the urge to upgrade as often as I used to. Only thing I want right now is an HDR 4K screen for the Note 8 and I'll be happy. Adil Tajgeer iMessage has kept my pixel and OP3 in a drawer for most of their time with me. but the S8 is so pretty i will probably bite the bullet and face the shame of the green bubble. fijisiv Why is the screen curved? Because it's pretty... Why is the aluminum frame now polished? Because it's pretty... Why aren't the batteries any bigger? Because thin phones are pretty... While most AP readers probably do a LOT of research before buying a phone, I'd wager a huge majority of phone purchases are done by people who walk into the store and say "oh that one looks pretty." Toss3 Thankfully we still have the Note-series that should cater to a different audience (hopefully). Adnoxaei It's beautiful, but I'll be skipping it it :/ The fingerprint scanned is just in a terrible spot for my normal usage. I hope one of those scanner techs that can go through the screen can get implimented in the next couple generations. Winston It was reportedly very close to being in the S8, but they couldn't quite get something good enough for it to be signed off. So, Note 8? Adnoxaei The note line got the iris scanner, so it is possible. I already think the S8 is a bit big (really, just too tall), so maybe it can be in the S9 and I'll get it then. At least my bank account will be happuer this year haha. Rann Xeroxx Once you use a scanner on the back of the phone, it actually turns out to be better as that is where your fingers typically are when holding the device. The only problem I can see is if you have it on a table or something and want to use the scanner. (I never do this as I rarely will leave my phone on a table). Miguel Fernandes How can it be better with that limitation? Jan Ibrahim Because in most circumstances for a lot of people , you unlock as you remove from your pocket. This is a lot easier with it on the back. Furthermore, it also means you can achieve a nice clean look on the front of the phone. But no solution is perfect, because the downside is desk use. But i find on the odd occasion I'm using my phone on my desk then pattern lock is fine. But I'd rather have on the back with that limitation than the other way around. Look how ugly the fingerprint scanners look on the front of some of the HTC and oneplus phones for example. John My problem with the S8 is not that the scanner is on the back, which is fine, but that it's all the way up next to the camera. Below the camera would have made more sense. iKon It's only good on the back, if it's in the middle like Huawei devices. Samsung has the worst position out of everyone. My name is…. Google needs to take lessons on how to make pretty phones. Who's gonna prefer a pixel to this? Crazy fanboys only. saf1927 People who actually want a phone. No flat display, no good. My name is…. Pixel was a joke of a phone, i cant believe that Google gave that thing iphone price, so ridiculous. Im sure S8 will be better in every aspect. asian_slaw if you are solely hating on the phone because of the price, you definitely dont understand or have experienced the pixel to it's full potential My name is…. I had a pixel on my hands. i also was an owner of all Nexus phones (after Nexus 4) I would never buy a pixel. There are better phones out there that are better. saf1927 Yes, after coming out half a year later, it doesn't take that much to get a better phone out. By the way, the iPhone 7 will still outperform the S8. it’s me tim-cock. Dude calm your tits. This phone puts the garbage looking iphone and pixel to shame. Your move crapple. saf1927 Come again when Samsung actually puts out a phone that is better than an iPhone in all aspects. A high-res display is nothing to flash your ass out for. Lars Jeppesen Yeah, much better display, more ram, better waterproofness, more freedom (default app anyone? ), wireless charging, fast charging, iris scanner, much higher screen-to-phone ratio, SD card support, bluetooth 5, wifi direct, VR, better assistant (Google Assistant/Bixby),, OH YEAH_, the iPhone sure is better... /s Rann Xeroxx Why on Earth would you pay the absurd price for the Pixel compared to a phone like this? Heck, the Pixel is ugly to boot. And purely from an enterprise standpoint, it has real problems with MDM and ActiveSync configurations to where Samsung goes out of their way to make sure it works perfectly on corporate solutions. saf1927 I actually have an iPhone 7 too, which of course is better than anything Samsung puts out. Looks are subjective. I hate edge displays, so this phone is as ugly as it gets. someone755 Agreed, keep it flat so I can put a normal screen protector on it. JohnyNoLegs Can't even do that on the pixel. These days are over New_Guy Somebody just dropped some world-class knowledge. Kudos h4rr4r Good you can fix the keys! Can you change the settings menu to be normal? Winston Nope, from my time with the S7. And I imagine that will soon be the new normal. Android O DP already has a similar design. So it will soon become normal. h4rr4r Please google, stop moving shit around for the sake of moving shit around. Winston You are the one moving shit around. I don't know what the hell the incentive is for lying, but I have a Galaxy S7. I have a Fast Charger. I have tried both turning the fast charger off in software, AND using a different cable. They both kept my phone cool while charging when using it, and with fast charging on it would heat up. h4rr4r I did not decide to move the buttons around at random or change the settings to some touchwiz crap. I have no idea what you are talking about with the charger. I said nothing about fast chargers. Of course fast chargers make the phone hotter. How do you think this all works? Winston It's not "considerable battery gains". They're actually fairly small: within 10-15 mins SOT in my experience. Samsung itself said, moving from the 5.7 1080p of the Note 3 to the 1440p of the 4, that the power usage delta was 3.5%. That's in hardware. Imagine how little the change is in software. lsh99 The build and design of this phone is exactly what I've been waiting for: premium finishes with a huge screen-to-body ratio. That said, I'm waiting for the Note 8. Cristian-Teodor TATOIU Pricing, for Europe - 799EUR for S8, 899EUR for S8+. These should translate 1:1 to USD + taxes, for US. Of course, unlocked. Turb0wned The question is, if I ordered the US unlocked version from Best Buy, will Samsung screw me out of updates like they did with the unlocked S7E? Trysta After a major Samsung phone reveal, I usually spend the first couple days trying to rationalize how I could buy it even though touchwiz scares me, because the hardware is just so lust-worthy. But this time...not so much. It looks very fancy obviously, and I love the increased screen to body ratio (hopefully all other OEMs....*cough* Google *cough* are paying attention!). But I thought the Note 7, with the extra subtle curves was really the maximum amount of screen curve I was willing to deal with. The curve of the S8/S8+ seems to be going back towards obnoxious taking over 20% of the screen with glare again. Wish they had kept the curved edges the way they were on the Note 7. Batteries are too small, although I understand why they wanted to be careful this year. After my Nexus 6p disappointment, battery life is basically my number one feature for my next phone. And the fingerprint sensor placement is just awful, for seemingly no other reason than to be different from everyone else who has a back fingerprint sensor. I don't want to use iris scanning or face detection. Fingerprint sensors work really well for turning on my phone quickly. This is a major feature of all current flagships. Why did they think this was something that was ok to experiment with/mess up? But in the end, just like every year, I was never going to buy this phone anyway. I hope that it is a great phone for Samsung fans (I'm sure it will be). Shame-sung C.E.O Absolutely horrible looking phone.that it lacks innovation and nothing but gimmicky features. Dominic D ok it’s me tim-cock. As if anyone expect anything diffraction from you. Shame-sung C.E.O Why would anyone expect anything positive from a CORRUPT, thief company? Middlefinger Doesnt do thieving Apple or LG much harm though, or HTC with their new iPhone rip-offs. Shame-sung C.E.O You are mistaken the Corrupt Swinesung Machine that has been sued by. Apple,Dyson,BlackBerry,Microsoft,LG,TSMC And countless other manufactures for stealing. Hmm you sound like those Swinesung guys that were getting paid to Shill and got caught. You can only wish that Apple and LG and anyone else was as horrible as corrupt company as Swinesung. But unlike you i stand by Facts, go ahead and get upset. Not going to change history. : ) Middlefinger Selectively sued in countries with crap IP laws where you can patent anything vague and sue for it even if you never actually made the thing yourself. They failed to sue in countries with reasonable laws. Samsung also counter sued and won, so whatever... Shame-sung C.E.O That's a beautiful excuse. But not a good one. Funny how Swinesung has lost multiple times and agrees to settle after it has uses stolen designs and software and technology. Swingeing has lost all across the world from its home country to the the US. This is the problem with the fanboy mentality. They make poor excuses but everything is online. Swinesung has convicted 2 times of corruption in south korea alone. From Racketeering, Tax Evasion. Fraud and Embezzlement and countless other charges. Also they have the highest return in TV's in the industry with defects. Heck in the S7 and S6,5,4 have all suffered from low quality screens and having image retention issues (again all the information is online if you search) to burn in issues and lets not forget the exploding issues because they choose quantity over quality. Shamesung will always be just that. A low quality company who cares about numbers then quality. Middlefinger You're just a troll, yuor username proves that all by itself. Most of the thing Samsung have been sued for related directly to Android itself, so is Googles fault if anything, not anything they have done. You know this but just troll this site because you are a child with nothing better to do. Dont bother replying, your blocked as of now. Shame-sung C.E.O AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH Facts hurt and hurt so dam much . Man how pathetic. Jay Not sure how your kind of comments continue to survive on this site. Shame-sung C.E.O Because people are entitled to facts and opinions. Just because Swinesung is a horrible corrupt company does not mean bling ignorance does not exist. I mean i like Android and think its amazing and useful, And i feel the same way about Apple , Microsoft LG ect. But Swinesung... Naw i draw the line on the most corrupt company in the tech industry by Parsec's. Dominic D I just wish Samsung would update all their devices at the same time like Apple. Okay, maybe not all... but definitely their S series of devices. It's holding me back from purchasing a Samsung phone again. My AT&T S6 Edge was beautiful but didn't receive Marshmallow for a year. It was nearly unusable on Lollipop with barely an hour and a half of screen-on time. I love my 6P and I'm soon looking to upgrade, but I'm nervous about purchasing another Samsung device. Berkay Wait for the pixel 2 Ilya Kushnir Linux Kernel 4.4.16. This happened! Maha Rashtrian TAKE MY MONEY NOW! How much does it cost though? Mix If Samsung made a phone with stock Android, that had Google's updates I would be in love. My Pixel is nice but Samsung phones just feel nicer. JSo Remember Google Play Edition devices? Those were the days. Mix I do not! My first was Android was a Nexus 4 and I came from a BB Bold! Nexus 4, Nexus 5, Galaxy S6, Pixel Xl, Pixel Xl, Pixel Xl....(I am on my third Pixel, lol) JSo Well other OEMs used to make versions of there devices with stock android on it and they were sold in the Play Store. The Galaxy S4 was one of them. Jaime May I ask why? Were your phones faulty? Mix Mic died on the 1st Pixel and the 2nd one bricked and both were RMA'd through the play store for brand new devices. someone755 "The Pixel is totally worth it, it's a great investment." You alone are proof of the contrary. Mix Just pop on over to GooglePixel on Reddit. Some people are on their 5th phone...when it works it works but my experience? This is the worst Android phone I have ever owned! My 3rd one has been great though so fingers crossed I am done RMA'ing it. someone755 Exactly. There are so many apologists out there of this phone that keep saying that the phone is worth its price, that other phones are just as flawed etc. Meanwhile there are hundreds if not thousands of customers like you. VAVAMk_2 Why? 2kool4skool Agreed, google gets their software right but their hardware could use a lot of improvement. JohnyNoLegs Yea like messenger, allo, duo, hangouts. And pixel now has apps you can't uninstall. Google will be the next Samsung! 2kool4skool Well, should I say partly right, then? JohnyNoLegs Let's just say Samsung does it better than google recently, and that's saying something. Btw I'm on pixel xl coming from note 7. iKon Any phone looks better than the Pixels because #Bezels Bojan Radovanović well, that is true, but it's not a picture to stand in front of it and admire how it looks... Ra1nb0wD4sh DE On my pictures the bezels (aka frames) are mostly wanted though... Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ If Samsung made the phone with stock Android, nobody except a bunch of geeks would buy it. Consumers want the features Samsung adds to Android. Mix Would the average user and purchaser of Samsung phones even know they had stock Android device? Probably not. Samsung makes mach better hardware but their updates and support after the sale freaking suck. Took something like 8 months for my SG6 phone to get an update since Google gives it to Samsung to add shit, then Telus gets to add shit, then I get it. That type of update system is pure trash. theProffer It's the same group of people that can't tell the difference between the new iPhones. You know, the ones Jimmy Kimmel makes fun of once a year. Middlefinger Samsung have to fix Googles mess first, because lets face it, Stock android is a buggy unreliable mess. You cant blame the OEMs for wanting to wait until the software is viable before they risk putting it on their customers devices. Google doesn't care, that's why the Nexus didnt sell well, and the pixel has needed fix after fix after fix. whispy_snippet No. Middlefinger Yes, but Google shills dont like to hear it. whispy_snippet Still no! Middlefinger Denial is pretty powerful. whispy_snippet Well, no. Every average Joe consumer would buy it PLUS a heap of stock Android nerds. Average consumers don't have a freakin clue what TouchWiz or stock Android even are. Who gives a shit anyway. It's never going to happen. Middlefinger Oh god no. Bargain basement software that isnt reliable isnt what people want. Im sure even a stock S8 would have less issues than the trouble prone Nexus and Pixel phones, but even so, it would be commercial suicide for Samsung to rely on an unfiltered Google experience. someone755 It would net them a few thousand customers though. I know I'd be switching to a Samsung if they only made some AOSP-style software possible. Middlefinger Apple could probably sell more iPhones if they had an Android version, but it still doesnt mean it will happen. It would cheapen the Samsung brand to launch an AOSP version, and the only people that would care could just run a custom ROM anyway. someone755 Agreed on all but that last part -- That's why I'm not already a Samsung customer, as they make great efforts to prevent people from running custom ROMs. Middlefinger and yet suck ROM exist, so.. xyz It was called a Galaxy Nexus. JohnyNoLegs I prefer Samsung software. My pixel xl is barron, has nothing in comparison. Can't wait to sell and get the s8 Cakefish The fact that I'm currently unemplyed will prevent me from giving in to my uncontrollable urges to always have the latest tech. S8 looks great. Switchable nav keys, 10nm processors, batteries that lose significantly less of their capacity over time. narrower dimensions for one-handed use, 64GB storage, and a Samsung equivalent to Google's HDR+ camera processing are my personal highlights. Cakefish P.S. for UK users you can get it on the 19th April if you preorder (8 days early). Also, UK pricing: S8 = £689.00, S8+ = £779.00 Middlefinger Yeah but will be cheap enough on contract which is how most people buy phones. Cakefish But I prefer to buy unlocked :( Lars Jeppesen Blame Brexit for that.. the phones are the same prices as the S7 for me here in Denmark Cakefish I do blame Brexit :( ddevito Nice phone, but no thanks. Perfectly comfy with my OP3. Then again I've never owned a Samsuck and never will james fuston jeeeesus the price point. S8 is anywhere from 720-750 and the S8+ is 850? We are getting dangerously close to breaking the 1K mark with standard configurations for phones. I can't justify paying twice the street price of an S7/S7E for one of these. This will be a hard pass for me. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ The LG G6 is $750 and the Pixel XL is $869, and those two phones look pitiful compared to the S8 and S8 Plus. What are you complaining about? Cakefish 21% (S8 vs S7) and 22% (S8+ vs S7 edge) price rises for UK (thanks Brexit) hkklife Pixel XL is the biggest rip-off on the market that's not made by Apple. Google was redefining the $/performance ratio back in 2012 and 2013 with the Nexus 4/5 and Nexus 7s. And then they got greedy and cozied back up to the carriers and went sky-high with their pricing. I'd love to see the BoM for HTC and Google on the Pixels. Gotta give Samsung credit for not jettisoning important features while truly redefining what a rectangular slab handset should be. I still think that the S8 line is one step from greatness---an unlocked model updated in a timely fashion with a 6/128GB RAM/storage variant for all markets and a 500mAh battery boost would make it a world-beater. David Williams I agree. The price point should not be surprising to anyone. james fuston The Pixel XL is $779. Not sure where you're pulling that extra $100 from. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ The 128 GB model is $869. There is no 64GB model. Regardless, the price differences aren't very big either way, and the Pixel XL doesn't hold a candle to the S8 Plus in terms of form OR function. james fuston Yeah, you're either entirely missing or intentionally glossing over the "standard configuration" part. Either way, I can tell you're all aboard the hype train for new technology by the amount of hyperbole you're spouting. Not sure why you felt like chiming in on my comment about the cost/value of the S8 vs the S7, but I think we're done here. Diego Kaku Why no one talks about the stupid position of the fingerprint scanner? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I hate the location of the fingerprint scanner on the S8/Plus. Absolutely despise it. But the rest of the phone is f'in amazing. And it's possible I'd end up using iris or facial recognition anyway. I'm not buying one, but that's only because I'm waiting for the Note 8. Fresh360 Well that was depressing, has all of those leaks left us jaded? What if there were no leaks and only whispers and then we saw a nearly bezel-less phone with a massive screen in a small body? I really think this preview would have had a very different tone. Suresh Aryal Nothing about speakers yet. GSMArena says it has stereo speakers. invinciblegod OH GOD MY OCD!! Those ports are not centered!!!!!!! Groud Frank Samsung Mobile is maturing as a tech company. It's no longer "Let's just copy Apple and cram features into our phones to compete with the iPhone." From Samsung Pass to Samsung Pay to Bixby to DeX, this is a beautiful phone with useful features. I can actually see this phone making my life easier, especially in the password management department. Less navigating, less touching, a focus on user experience and practicality - well done Samsung. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I think Samsung is going to break sales records with these phones. Max Gromada Well, they just "copied" those features: - google's HDR+, - the next iphone's screen proportions; - apple pay, - modern ai voice assistant (they've bought the company that had made the Siri), - apple's augmented reality tech - Nokia's / MS iris scanner. They're welcome to implement a feature-rich phone, but those innovations did not come from Samsung. Tech Writer -Combining multiple photos into one has been a thing much before google did it. Does anyone remember OPPO's 50MP super hi-def mode? Plus I'm sure the implementation is different than Pixel's HDR+. For example, this one works without HDR, and with HDR too. -Next iPhone's screen proportions? Dude, are you kidding me. Samsung is the one who is going to provide those screens to Apple. Plus, this phone is probably in development much before the iPhone. -Apple pay: No. Samsung pay uses MST, not NFC. It's a unique patented tech by looppay, which Samsung acquired. Apple can't even use it and hence Apple pay can't operate in legacy terminals. -modern ai voice assistant: Bixby is not a voice assistant. The phone has google assistant for that. Bixby is more of helper and tells you what is around you. It isn't meant to tell you a joke or search things, you have assistant for that. -apple's augmented reality tech: I really don't know what you are talking about. -Iris scanner: I'll give you that. Most of these are Samsung's own innovations, or acquisitions which are patented. Middlefinger Quite a bit of salt in this article. Samsungs nav buttons are not in the 'wrong' order, Googles are. Argue all you like but the fact remains its subjective and not objective. Im glad Samsung doesnt use Googles staid UX. and you cant complain about Samsung not being as innovative in the software as they are in the hardware and simultaneously get snarky about them not using Googles way of doing things. Google hasnt innovated a damn thing since ICS so if they did make a stock S8 it would be worse, based on your own claim. dabug91 Actually, you're wrong. When you use just about any web browser on the planet, where is the back button located? Top Left. Same for when you use just about any file explorer: Top Left. Same for when you use iOS devices, where do they generally place the back button? Top Left. It makes perfect sense for the back button to be on the left side of the device, because that IS the ergonomically and aesthetically superior place for it. You're wrong, get over yourself. Middlefinger Use with a mouse is different than touch use, and 2 handed touch use is different than one. You are comparing completely different UI element, so your point is invalid. dabug91 Actually, people's thumbs can very easily reach the bottom left hand side of their device, so your distraction about UI's is invalid and you're still wrong. Kys. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I hold my phone in my left hand, and use it with my right hand. The position of the back button makes no difference to me, but I like it on the right. It's not an objective thing. Give up trying to make it so. Middlefinger Right is still better for the most often used function. Given the option most people I know have that set up. Google cant be trusted to know whats best in a UI. This is the company that gave us material design, an admittedly pretty interface that gives you hardly any information per page. Its cumbersome, and this is proven by the fact that they cant even keep it consistent in their own apps, because it just doesnt work properly. Max Gromada Regarding 2-handed touch use, find the "Esc" key on your keyboard ) But, imho, when you're doing it all with your thumb, it does not matter what side the "back" key is placed. I was comfortable with the both layouts. AbbyZFresh I'm sure that this new phone will be a hot commodity likurges I was about to make a joke about the bezzels but there are none.. unlike on the pixel where I have parked my airplane, built a house and a f1 track with some space left. SAM While improvements are welcomed, battery and camera didn't get much attention this year. Lets hope after everything other is taken care of this year, battery and camera will be next. I have a feeling that with what google achieved in pixel's camera, next iPhone(maybe) and pixel 2 will blow the shit out of competition. Max Gromada Actually, the camera is improverd in S8: there is a multi-exposure mode, aka pixel's HDR+, a very welcome feature. SAM I really wish this is the case. They didn't talk much about camera in live stream. Ace Time to buy gs7 _jsw_ Is that the new Gear 360 I see in the background? It's in the image of the S8+ on the stand. Max Gromada Yes, they've introduced the new Gear 360 someone755 That's all great and all, but these prices are getting ridiculous. r0xp0x Too bad even the regular sized one is a tad bit too big for me, and I don't like having a fingerprint scanner on the back of the phone, but it sure is gorgeous. whispy_snippet The headline feature is a big, bezzeless display. Meh. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yeah, never mind the 835, the two types of wireless charging, the Samsung Pay, the HDR screen, the... oh, never mind. You wouldn't care, anyway. whispy_snippet No. I don't. They're just iterations on stuff Samsung always offers. They bring very little to the table that wasn't already there. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Then buy a Pixel. You'll love its football field sized bezels, and the wonderful halos in its pictures. Yeah, I keep hearing that halos are rare. Another site just published a comparison of 22 pictures between the LG G6 and the Pixel. 4 of the 22 Pixel pictures had halos. None of the G6 pictures had halos. So it's not so rare, unless you think 18% of photos is rare. whispy_snippet I have a Pixel. I've experienced the halo effect maybe twice ever. I barely see it because you don't generally shoot straight into strong light sources because it results in crappy shots with any camera. The most important thing for me is user experience. What's the device like to use and own on a daily basis? The Pixel is exceptional in this metric. Great software, great ergonomics, great camera, regular updates, excellent performance. The S8 looks really beautiful, but I see UX compromises everywhere. The off centre, rear mounted fingerprint scanner next to the camera; the glass back; the curved edge display; two voice assistants (yes, they don't fully overlap but Samsung's end goal will be to bump Google Assistant). The S8 is just another new phone. Semianonymous Having voice control over the camera can actually be pretty useful. I have the speak to capture feature enabled on my S7 and it's enabled me to capture some tricky shots that might not have turned out as nicely if I had moved my hand to take the shot. If it's intelligent enough to do stuff like recognize the target and focus/zoom etc, then that could be potentially be really cool. Renan I'd wish Samsung would made a flat version of this... I find the Edge... edges useless. mchalakov Dear Samsung, Just because you think that a curved screen is really cool(it is but just for a presentation) doesn't mean that everybody will like it. Also who the fuck decided it's a good idea to put the fingerprint reader there? Best wishes and less explosions, Yours (some) part of the Internet PVL_93_RU To think that if Samsung didn't keep the archaic home and capacitive buttons for as long as they did - many more of their devices could look just as beautiful as S8 Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 12 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 199 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 240 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 3 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 22 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 66 1 Year Ago Today Amazon Updates Its Policies To Ban USB Type-C Cables That Are Not Fully Spec Compliant 2016/03/29 8:29pm PDTMar 29, 2016 95 2 Years Ago Today Upbeat Monsters Icon Pack Fills Your Homescreen With Adorable Googly-Eyed Apps 2015/03/29 11:57am PDTMar 29, 2015 79 3 Years Ago Today Rumor: Google Now Will Help You Remember, Pay Your Bills [APK Teardown] 2014/03/29 11:55am PDTMar 29, 2014 69 4 Years Ago Today [New App] BBQScreen Mirrors Your Display On A Computer At 25FPS (Root Only) 2013/03/29 7:31pm PDTMar 29, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today WSJ: Google To Open Online Store This Year, Will Sell Tablets Independently Of Retailers (Perhaps With The Launch Of Jellybean) 2012/03/29 8:56pm PDTMar 29, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today Get Your Credit Cards Ready - Android In-App Billing System Now Live (P.S. Devs, No More Separate Lite/Paid Apps, Please) 2011/03/29 8:34pm PDTMar 29, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Upgrade Your Android Phone's External Storage With A-Data Turbo 16GB Class 6 MicroSD Card - Review And Benchmarks 2010/03/29 11:15pm PDTMar 29, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 110 queries | 0.490s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 71 Share on Facebook 56 Share on Twitter Total Shares146 Galaxy S8 News Phone Reviews Videos The Galaxy S6 was, by all accounts, a truly transformational moment for Samsung's industrial design. After years of building plastic phones constantly lambasted for their "cheapness," Samsung made radical changes in an attempt to completely redefine its smartphone brand. Those changes were generally well received, but it always felt like they stopped short: the software was still slow, bloated, and the battery life surprisingly poor. With the Note5 and S6 edge+ we saw significant refinement of that reinvention "moment," but not until the S7 and S7 edge did Samsung really build the concept I think they set out to with those first metal and glass sandwiches. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are Samsung's attempt to show us that they can do more than just iterate on that "Eureka" moment they had in 2015, even if those iterations have generally been quite good. And after the Note7 disaster last year, they really need to make good on that promise. After spending some time with the phones last week, I'm still on the fence as to whether Samsung has truly succeeded - but I think the pieces for success are there. Even if I don't think they're all terribly obvious, and even if the phones don't take any real big risks. The hardware Take what you loved about the Galaxy S7 edge and Note7, then just imagine it all being better. More refined, more coherent, more polished. As to that final point: literally. The Galaxy S8 siblings now feature polished aluminum mid-frames, as opposed to the matte anodized finish of years past. In particular - at least in my opinion - this looks good on the Midnight Black version of the phone, which features a shiny black mid-frame to match. The whole phone visually sort of looks like a deep black stone - it's a very interesting and striking effect Samsung has achieved here. As you'd expect of Samsung, the attention to detail is impeccable. The glass meets the aluminum in a very natural, near-seamless way, and the various body colors all have a distinct character. The front of the phones, however, do not: unlike years past, all colors of the Galaxy S8 and S8+ will feature black surrounds on the display side of the phone, to accentuate Samsung's "infinity display" and its minimal bezel. I absolutely agree with this design decision, because it brings the canvas - the screen - out as the sole focal point of the front of the device. You're drawn to the screen, and everything surrounding it just sort of falls away. Samsung has been paying attention to the little stuff, too. Everything from the design of the camera module (it now has more of stylized "lens" effect) to the smooth USB-C cutout seems carefully considered and manufactured with precision. The phones scream quality, and I am continually impressed by Samsung's ability to iterate in this area. Samsung clearly spends a lot of time and energy on its design and manufacturing processes, and it shows. Perhaps most notably, these phones mark the end of one of the last vestigial elements of the Galaxy brand: capacitive navigation keys and the physical home button. It really makes the S8 and S8+ the cleanest-looking handsets Samsung's ever produced. Above the display sit the standard array of sensors, including a new 8MP front-facing camera with software-simulated autofocus (we'll see how that goes) and the iris scanner array. Out back, Samsung says the 12MP rear camera is basically unchanged physically from last year's, with most optimizations happening on the photo processing side. I'm certainly curious to see how photos compare to last year's phones, then. You still get IP68 waterproofing, and 64GB of storage is now standard (with microSD expansion available). Samsung has retained the headphone jack, but made the switch to USB-C it began with the Note7 last year. Wireless charging is intact, too. As to the deceptively giant displays, at 5.8 and 6.2", respectively, the phones are considerably taller this year. But they're also narrowed, meaning they're easier to get a grip on, and they really aren't especially heavy or unwieldy. Ceding so much of what was previously bezel space to the expanded display seems an obvious choice in retrospect, but to me it definitely necessitated the end of the capacitive keys, otherwise all that extra height tends to feel a bit wasted. Speaking of those keys. The software To answer your first and greatest question: Yes, you can switch the order of the navigation keys. You can either have them in Samsung (read: wrong) order, or change them to the standard Android layout of back, home, and recent apps (left to right). Samsung also lets you customize the color of the navigation bar background, which is nice. Sure, the iconography is nowhere near stock, but I couldn't really give a damn what the buttons look like as long as they do what I expect them to. And no, Bixby is not mapped to long-pressing the home key: that's 100% Google Assistant. (Bixby's functional overlap with Assistant is actually quite minimal - for now.) The latest version of I-Can't-Believe-It's-Not-TouchWiz is based on Android 7.0 (not 7.1, sigh) and feels basically similar to what we had on the Note7 and now have on the Galaxy S7 phones. "Grace UX" is the easiest on the eyes TouchWiz has ever been, and while there are still a bunch of old features in there I hardly think warrant the real estate in the settings app, Samsung continues to provide its own useful additions. I didn't spend much time with the software in-depth, as I really didn't have time. And Samsung's Bixby assistant was only demoed to us in a controlled, scripted test environment, which is useless from an evaluation perspective. I can give you the overview, though: it's basically Google Goggles meets Google Now meets voice-powered accessibility controls. It's definitely an interesting mesh of features, though Samsung's hardest push seems to be around the idea that people will want to use their voice to control things like their screen brightness, toggling the hotspot, picking a camera mode or filter, and generally controlling their device. I am, to put it bluntly, unconvinced anyone will use this. But maybe it'll win me over when our review units come in and I actually have a chance to put it to the test. But, if you were worried that Bixby was an attempt to subvert Google Assistant and replace it: please, don't be. Not yet, at least. Google Assistant and Bixby happily coexist on the Galaxy S8, and are frankly rather different products. Oh, and this is kind of interesting, I guess: Samsung has also implemented the fingerprint scanner gesture to bring down the notification bar. It's off by default, I think, but it's there. Like the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge after their respective Nougat updates, the S8 and S8+ don't actually display in their native, physical resolutions by default (they're set to full HD mode). I remain very divided on this choice: while I know the vast majority of people who own these phones will never, ever notice and reap considerable battery life returns as a result, why put in these more expensive ultra-high-res panels in the first place? Samsung's answer, of course, relies heavily on VR, because you need that Quad HD display mode to provide a good VR experience. But I don't think anyone, even Samsung, has actually produced compelling evidence that consumers care about VR (apart from the companies making VR products). I guess it comes down to the question of how much more a Quad HD panel of this type would cost to produce than a 1080p version. If it's not a big difference, then I guess I get where Samsung is coming from. One feature I found quite interesting is the new home button wake gesture. Simply press your finger on the home button that is shown in the always-on display mode for a moment, and the screen will wake, indicated by a light burst of haptic feedback. While obviously you won't get far if you have a fingerprint scanner lock set, you might be more likely to use Samsung's iris scan or face unlock features (the latter is new to the S8). Given rumors that Samsung intended to place the fingerprint scanner inside the display itself with the S8 but failed to achieve the necessary yields, I have to wonder if this is the compromise they've settled on: pushing customers away from the ubiquitous fingerprint scanner, for now, until their more impressive technology is ready for primetime. As for me, I probably wouldn't use the home button wake regardless - the fingerprint scanner is simply my preferred mode of authentication. The reader is definitely a bit of a reach on these phones, though, and even with my relatively long fingers I found the S8+ would definitely take some getting used to in terms of default hand positioning. Samsung's iris scanner tech is fast and very accurate, but I'm not always looking at my phone when I unlock it. Performance on the phones is not something I feel comfortable expressing any definitive opinion on at this time. They felt fine - not crazy fast, not particularly slow - but given the notoriety Samsung's phones have achieved for slowing down over time, my experience in a controlled demo environment is simply not going to be helpful in assessing these things. It's probably better for me to end that discussion here and save the extended thoughts for our review. I obviously can't judge battery life yet, but Samsung shared an interesting figure with me: the new batteries in the Galaxy S8 and S8+ feature much better cycle longevity than the ones in last year's phones. Whereas after a year of typical charge and discharge cycles last year's Galaxy S7 and S7 edge would see around 20% of their effective capacity lost, Samsung says that figure is more like 5% of capacity lost over a year on the S8 and S8+. That's definitely encouraging. Final thoughts The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are big, beautiful phones. The larger displays are absolutely great, and the switch to virtual navigation keys is long overdue. I'm sure they'll have great cameras, and I expect battery life will probably be largely comparable to last year's phones (i.e., good). TouchWiz is, as far as user experience goes, the best it's ever been. That may not be saying much for some of you, but I generally find Samsung's UI modifications at the very least aesthetically palatable nowadays, and some of the added features are genuinely useful. A switch to 64GB of storage as standard is absolutely welcome and, I think, should be the bar to meet for any flagship phone in 2017. Bixby, despite the fears of many (myself included), doesn't really seem meant to displace Google Assistant or search on your phone. The Snapdragon 835 version of the S8 and S8+ we'll get here in the US packs a lot of new and potent technology, too - it's not just faster than the 820 and 821, it's more efficient and more capable. What am I not loving yet? Launching with Android 7.0 feels oh so typical Samsung: they can preach all they want about how they test their software endlessly in order to ensure updates are smooth and low on bugs, but I just can't shake the feeling that Samsung really has no intention of changing its approach to Android platform updates. Performance is going to be a big question, too (and it's one Samsung seems uninterested in discussing). I won't even be able to conclusively come to an answer in our review, simply due to the amount of time we'll have to use the phones before publishing. That'll take weeks and months of additional testing. Finally, there's a lot of uncertainty remaining around the value proposition these phones will offer, and without pricing, that's hard to comment on just yet. There's also a lingering feeling that the S8 and S8+ feel iterative in terms of actual user experience versus being showcases for advancements in industrial design and engineering. Samsung itself seems very eager to present the reduced bezel and larger displays as the raison d'etre for the Galaxy S8. But it's hard to tell if beauty is more than skin deep with these phones. Why is the screen curved? Because it's pretty (fragile, and the edge UI experience sucks). Why is the aluminum frame now polished? Because it's pretty (and will get scratched). Why aren't the batteries any bigger? Because thin phones are pretty (even though everyone wants bigger batteries). These are thoughts that I've had a harder time shaking than I expected. There's no doubt the Galaxy S8 and S8+ are exceptional achievements from the standpoint of design and phone-building knowhow, but I think I can distill my feelings about them down to this: I'm really unsure why I'd want one of these that much more than a Galaxy S7 edge or, if it still existed, a Note7. If there's some major improvement to performance I missed, maybe that could be it, but on most other fronts - aside from the switch to virtual nav keys - I'm left scratching my head a bit. But, maybe that's just a result of not having enough time with them. Hopefully, we'll be reviewing these phones soon enough, as I'm eager to get a deeper sense of the changes Samsung's made and how they translate into a real-world product experience. Tags galaxy 8 galaxy s8 galaxy s8 hands on galaxy s8 review s8 S8 Plus video subscribe ... Previous Story The Galaxy S8's new battery will degrade less quickly than the Galaxy S7's ... Next Story A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments Bedirhan SAVAS Cool phone except the finger print sensor Toss3 Looks like decent phones, but not enough of an upgrade to switch from the s7/s7e. As for android 7.1 it really doesn't matter as samsung usually incorporates a lot of the new features long before they are available on newer android versions. Eagerly looking forward to the Note 8 though (4K screen for VR is going to be a much needed upgrade). Taylor Vaughn I freelance online, performing basic jobs which simply requires from you a laptop or computer as well as internet accessibility and it is a life-saver for me personally... After 6 months on this job opportunity and i gained so far total of 36,000 dollars... Basicly i make about eighty bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hour most of the days.And marvelous thing about this job is that you can easily manage time while you work and for how long as you like and you get paid weekly >> http://v15.uk/xbRHM MJ I agree 4K is much needed for VR but I would question 4K or VR on a phone. LOL Toss3 Why? Works much better on phones as they aren't tethered to anything. Personally only use it for watching movies on planes or in bed when the gf is sleeping. MJ That is your only use cases? It's more useless than I thought. I watch movies on my big screen TV on my sweet couch when the GF is sleeping. No heavy BDSM head gear needed. Toss3 Pretty much. Never liked watching movies on a TV as TVs are always really small (unless you buy one of those 40k ones that are 100"<). I had a projector (with a 120" screen), but I sold it when I moved to another country, and because I don't watch TV that often a "big-screen" TV just doesn't feel that useful. I also like being thoroughly engrossed in the movies I watch without any distractions and only the Gear VR has offered me anything like that thus far. It's also the first private movie-theater that you can take with you wherever you go. The low resolution is the only thing that could be improved (and the straps of course). MJ Sure if it works for you but I don't like things strapped to my head and face. It must be a pain to unstrap when need a drink, snack, or take a piss. Toss3 You either lift the device (similar to ski goggles or snorkel) or you use the built-in pass-through mode. And there's really no need to unstrap anything when going for a piss. MJ I didn't mean literally unstrap but none of that sounds convenient or practical at all. LOL It must be me... MJ Samsung has made a product I would almost consider buying by cleaning up the UX, going with on-screen buttons, better aspect ratio, and minimizing the edge gimmick (next just get rid of it) while keeping the headphone jack and wireless charging BUT... The placement of the fingerprint is just horrible. David, you went on how Samsung pays attention to the details but they just randomly place the fingerprint reader? OK... They still make me wary of getting timely OS updates. Android 7.0? Really? I like to see if they follow up on their promise of monthly security updates on their unlocked phones. Cristian-Teodor TATOIU My S7 Edge, unlocked, Romania, received Nougat but still on freaking January security update! How bout dat? MJ That sucks but didn't they just make that promise a couple of weeks ago? Cristian-Teodor TATOIU They made that promise months ago but with the new top dog in tow... They'll make good on S8, no doubt, for the first 6-7 months. Then, they'll have the S9 to keep them busy. And so on, and so on... Really, really, really want/need timely security updates? Pixel or whatever Google brings out is the way to go. Not freaking out cause of some security vulnerabilities going unpatched for months? Samsung is an option then... They'll update, sooner or... Jordan L my friend, who is kind of paranoid about security, loves the Galaxy series of phones(probably because they look great). From a data security prospective; do you think Pixel or Galaxy is "more secure". He's worried less about hacks on old versions of the OS, he's worried about his cloud data. I vote for Pixel because you are only logging in with your Google account, and not also logging into your phone with a "Samsung" account. to use features. yes, Google tracks everything you do, but they are a US based company. Samsung is not, ... just a thought. I would THINK he would HATE the fact that he logs into his phone with Samsung account too. (you do have to use a Samsung account to fully use a Galaxy phone, right?) Justin You don't have to log in to Samsung's account to use the phone, but you lose out on things like Samsung Pay if you don't. EcE You don't need a Samsung account unless you want Samsung Pay, themes ( and their crapstore) or VR. Even then, they are two different accounts and AFAIK you don't need to share any private information to the Samsung account unless you use Samsung Pay. Vivek Rameses A non us company is much safer and private. Muh americans love garbage made in the US. dabug91 The Pixel would be the superior choice, as they will get monthly security updates through October 2019 at least. Max Johnson Battery size is concerning, but maybe that's something to do with precaution with the fire issue. Lawrence Fail!: It is way too tall, fingerprint sensor on the back, small battery, new bixie assistant with dedicated button, same old camera. Win. 64gb storage, looks cool. Biga173rd So what's a win in your book that can compare to this new phone? Zsolt V The same phone with a fruity fruit logo Biga173rd Ehhhh lno lol Lawrence Thanks for asking : the S7 and S7 edge... Better battery/size ratio same camera, same ram. Front fingerprint, and they can be hold by humans. Biga173rd Good point I personally will wait for the Note 8. Toss3 Agreed on the fingerprint sensor, but it does have face-unlock which should be a useful alternative (it is on Win 10 devices). I seriously don't understand why these companies are forcing AI assistans on us? Do people really use them? AI is useful, but not for phones. Camera is already good enough; use pro mode and it's amazing. Really can't expect better in a phone right now unless you start increasing the sensor size. EcE " this looks good on the Midnight Black version of the phone, which features a shiny black mid-frame to match" Glad to see the black phone is black on the sides, that chrome version looks horrible. Marcel Mayer hä? the device will show on 5pm? why you publish the article? PhillipeFelut so, whats the actual resolution of the display itself? DeathWolfGaming They are set to 1080p to save battery life. PhillipeFelut 2960x1440 is the number i was looking for. Jesse Lee Samsung is really receptive to their markets; a completely opposite direction from years past and from that being employed by Google Inc. The results are phones that continue to get better and better and more practical. Looks great! Timbets Linux 4.4 kernel Ishimaru I'm surprised. Even Google is still on 3.x. ProductFRED I'm not jumping to sell my S7 Edge Exynos just yet. Gotmilo waiting for the note 8 JD It's a damn solid phone. I wouldn't jump unless I pooped money and was having a bad case of the runs. Winston I'm upgrading from my flat S7 to the small S8. Why? Battery has deteriorated, and Samsung usually does really lucrative trade in deals with older phones, of which I still have an S4. John New smartphone releases are beginning to be as exciting as new dishwasher releases. That's a good thing as it means we can hold on to our phones for longer, smaller manufacturers can catch up to the big boys, and there will be more price competition rather than feature competition. Samsung seems to realize this which is why they're making a big push to differentiate on software. We would benefit from more alternatives to Google's software. I'm just skeptical that Samsung is capable. BC Um, why no images of the Dialer App's interface? It's something that I always want to know but never can readily find. David Ruddock Because I had an hour with the phones total and that wasn't really on my priority list. Sorry. BC It's cool, I'm just a weirdo that likes to know what all the interfaces I'll be interacting with regularly look within OEM apps. Cakefish Just look up the S7 Nougat update UI. I am pretty sure it'll be very similar to that, the rest of the S8's UI is. BC Not good enough for me, though I'll likely preorder the device...I'll be able to see it firsthand this way. Cakefish Check out the bajillion youtube hands-on videos, I'm sure one of them has what you're looking for :) BC I can only hope, though I have a feeling nobody will even care about the Dialer App. Cakefish Found one for ya! Look at 2:12 in the video: https://youtu.be/sZvp4L52QzQ BC Thank you! I had begun the scanning of videos to catch a hint of that app interface. Phone_Addiction Time to ditch my ip7 plus for the gs8+ brararsh Thinking of same. Adil Tajgeer i'm in the same boat but with the regular S8, it seems to be a great blend of big screen in a small package. but will just keep my iphone around. I NEED ALL THE SHINY THINGS. Biga173rd Wow!! that is one gorgeous phone. The build quality is incredible damn Sammy knocked it out of the park. And that metal frame... Nuno G. "You can either have them in Samsung (read: wrong)" Although it's not the standard order for Android, for me it's the natural order, specially for right handed persons!!! When I hold the phone, I hold normally with my right hand, so my thumb finger is the finger that is most near the screen on the right side of it. so it's normal for me to have the back button cause that's the one that I use more.. Miku is Best Vocaloid "Right handed persons" all have different preferences, I am right handed and I use the back button on the left. Middlefinger Im a lefty and Samsungs is still the better positioning. Google just have it wrong but the fanbois on here would never disagree with their Google god. JD Gotta say it wasn't until the S7e that I started to look at Samsung and that Samsung actually got me excited about Android Hardware again. I used to be a Nexus Diehard and when Google and other OEMs just all made glass rectangles, some with really bad software decisions I just gave up. But the S7e was something interesting. The S8 is a really lovely piece of Industrial engineering, like what the OG iPhone and iPhone 4 did to the industry when everyone was doing more of the same. jonzey231 I love that they continue to include wireless charging. iKon It's not even wireless... False advertising more like. jonzey231 Kay. Sharky I've been on Nexus for 5 years but I'm going to give this a go. The bezel-less screen makes it look like something genuinely new, I really wish the Pixel had looked this. I'm still skeptical about Samsung's UI skin but the move to virtual (& customizable!) buttons alleviates that a bit. Hopefully this will encourage Google to step up their efforts with the next Pixel, but it's going to take a big jump from last year's model to get me back. Jay The skin has not been a concern since s7. The whole look can be altered with one click via the theme store. I use one that makes it either look like native android or a jet black theme, that's so enjoyable on these amoled screens. Daniel Tiberius I'm looking forward to playing around with those themes. Middlefinger *S6. Sharky Admittedly the skin does looks quite nice now, I certainly hope I'm converted now I've shelled out $850 on this thing. Kevin Chaos I'm using the S7 and I really want the S8... but I'm going to force myself to wait and at least see what Apple has to offer with their next iPhone. That or Google needs to fix the Android messaging clusterfuck they've created. I've been using Android phones since the Nexus One but iPhones have come a long way and iMessage is starting to look really good. Toss3 Not sure why anyone with an S7/S7E would feel the urge to upgrade. Why not use something like Telegram, Whatsapp, etc. instead of SMS? Kevin Chaos I have a problem with wanting new toys constantly, haha. I think I've gotten a new phone every 6 months. Almost everyone I know uses SMS here. I am also using Google Voice myself. I just don't have enough friends who use those apps. At least that's my case in the United States. Toss3 I used to be like that, but now that Android has matured and caught up with the iPhone in terms of smoothness, I really don't feel the urge to upgrade as often as I used to. Only thing I want right now is an HDR 4K screen for the Note 8 and I'll be happy. Adil Tajgeer iMessage has kept my pixel and OP3 in a drawer for most of their time with me. but the S8 is so pretty i will probably bite the bullet and face the shame of the green bubble. fijisiv Why is the screen curved? Because it's pretty... Why is the aluminum frame now polished? Because it's pretty... Why aren't the batteries any bigger? Because thin phones are pretty... While most AP readers probably do a LOT of research before buying a phone, I'd wager a huge majority of phone purchases are done by people who walk into the store and say "oh that one looks pretty." Toss3 Thankfully we still have the Note-series that should cater to a different audience (hopefully). Adnoxaei It's beautiful, but I'll be skipping it it :/ The fingerprint scanned is just in a terrible spot for my normal usage. I hope one of those scanner techs that can go through the screen can get implimented in the next couple generations. Winston It was reportedly very close to being in the S8, but they couldn't quite get something good enough for it to be signed off. So, Note 8? Adnoxaei The note line got the iris scanner, so it is possible. I already think the S8 is a bit big (really, just too tall), so maybe it can be in the S9 and I'll get it then. At least my bank account will be happuer this year haha. Rann Xeroxx Once you use a scanner on the back of the phone, it actually turns out to be better as that is where your fingers typically are when holding the device. The only problem I can see is if you have it on a table or something and want to use the scanner. (I never do this as I rarely will leave my phone on a table). Miguel Fernandes How can it be better with that limitation? Jan Ibrahim Because in most circumstances for a lot of people , you unlock as you remove from your pocket. This is a lot easier with it on the back. Furthermore, it also means you can achieve a nice clean look on the front of the phone. But no solution is perfect, because the downside is desk use. But i find on the odd occasion I'm using my phone on my desk then pattern lock is fine. But I'd rather have on the back with that limitation than the other way around. Look how ugly the fingerprint scanners look on the front of some of the HTC and oneplus phones for example. John My problem with the S8 is not that the scanner is on the back, which is fine, but that it's all the way up next to the camera. Below the camera would have made more sense. iKon It's only good on the back, if it's in the middle like Huawei devices. Samsung has the worst position out of everyone. My name is…. Google needs to take lessons on how to make pretty phones. Who's gonna prefer a pixel to this? Crazy fanboys only. saf1927 People who actually want a phone. No flat display, no good. My name is…. Pixel was a joke of a phone, i cant believe that Google gave that thing iphone price, so ridiculous. Im sure S8 will be better in every aspect. asian_slaw if you are solely hating on the phone because of the price, you definitely dont understand or have experienced the pixel to it's full potential My name is…. I had a pixel on my hands. i also was an owner of all Nexus phones (after Nexus 4) I would never buy a pixel. There are better phones out there that are better. saf1927 Yes, after coming out half a year later, it doesn't take that much to get a better phone out. By the way, the iPhone 7 will still outperform the S8. it’s me tim-cock. Dude calm your tits. This phone puts the garbage looking iphone and pixel to shame. Your move crapple. saf1927 Come again when Samsung actually puts out a phone that is better than an iPhone in all aspects. A high-res display is nothing to flash your ass out for. Lars Jeppesen Yeah, much better display, more ram, better waterproofness, more freedom (default app anyone? ), wireless charging, fast charging, iris scanner, much higher screen-to-phone ratio, SD card support, bluetooth 5, wifi direct, VR, better assistant (Google Assistant/Bixby),, OH YEAH_, the iPhone sure is better... /s Rann Xeroxx Why on Earth would you pay the absurd price for the Pixel compared to a phone like this? Heck, the Pixel is ugly to boot. And purely from an enterprise standpoint, it has real problems with MDM and ActiveSync configurations to where Samsung goes out of their way to make sure it works perfectly on corporate solutions. saf1927 I actually have an iPhone 7 too, which of course is better than anything Samsung puts out. Looks are subjective. I hate edge displays, so this phone is as ugly as it gets. someone755 Agreed, keep it flat so I can put a normal screen protector on it. JohnyNoLegs Can't even do that on the pixel. These days are over New_Guy Somebody just dropped some world-class knowledge. Kudos h4rr4r Good you can fix the keys! Can you change the settings menu to be normal? Winston Nope, from my time with the S7. And I imagine that will soon be the new normal. Android O DP already has a similar design. So it will soon become normal. h4rr4r Please google, stop moving shit around for the sake of moving shit around. Winston You are the one moving shit around. I don't know what the hell the incentive is for lying, but I have a Galaxy S7. I have a Fast Charger. I have tried both turning the fast charger off in software, AND using a different cable. They both kept my phone cool while charging when using it, and with fast charging on it would heat up. h4rr4r I did not decide to move the buttons around at random or change the settings to some touchwiz crap. I have no idea what you are talking about with the charger. I said nothing about fast chargers. Of course fast chargers make the phone hotter. How do you think this all works? Winston It's not "considerable battery gains". They're actually fairly small: within 10-15 mins SOT in my experience. Samsung itself said, moving from the 5.7 1080p of the Note 3 to the 1440p of the 4, that the power usage delta was 3.5%. That's in hardware. Imagine how little the change is in software. lsh99 The build and design of this phone is exactly what I've been waiting for: premium finishes with a huge screen-to-body ratio. That said, I'm waiting for the Note 8. Cristian-Teodor TATOIU Pricing, for Europe - 799EUR for S8, 899EUR for S8+. These should translate 1:1 to USD + taxes, for US. Of course, unlocked. Turb0wned The question is, if I ordered the US unlocked version from Best Buy, will Samsung screw me out of updates like they did with the unlocked S7E? Trysta After a major Samsung phone reveal, I usually spend the first couple days trying to rationalize how I could buy it even though touchwiz scares me, because the hardware is just so lust-worthy. But this time...not so much. It looks very fancy obviously, and I love the increased screen to body ratio (hopefully all other OEMs....*cough* Google *cough* are paying attention!). But I thought the Note 7, with the extra subtle curves was really the maximum amount of screen curve I was willing to deal with. The curve of the S8/S8+ seems to be going back towards obnoxious taking over 20% of the screen with glare again. Wish they had kept the curved edges the way they were on the Note 7. Batteries are too small, although I understand why they wanted to be careful this year. After my Nexus 6p disappointment, battery life is basically my number one feature for my next phone. And the fingerprint sensor placement is just awful, for seemingly no other reason than to be different from everyone else who has a back fingerprint sensor. I don't want to use iris scanning or face detection. Fingerprint sensors work really well for turning on my phone quickly. This is a major feature of all current flagships. Why did they think this was something that was ok to experiment with/mess up? But in the end, just like every year, I was never going to buy this phone anyway. I hope that it is a great phone for Samsung fans (I'm sure it will be). Shame-sung C.E.O Absolutely horrible looking phone.that it lacks innovation and nothing but gimmicky features. Dominic D ok it’s me tim-cock. As if anyone expect anything diffraction from you. Shame-sung C.E.O Why would anyone expect anything positive from a CORRUPT, thief company? Middlefinger Doesnt do thieving Apple or LG much harm though, or HTC with their new iPhone rip-offs. Shame-sung C.E.O You are mistaken the Corrupt Swinesung Machine that has been sued by. Apple,Dyson,BlackBerry,Microsoft,LG,TSMC And countless other manufactures for stealing. Hmm you sound like those Swinesung guys that were getting paid to Shill and got caught. You can only wish that Apple and LG and anyone else was as horrible as corrupt company as Swinesung. But unlike you i stand by Facts, go ahead and get upset. Not going to change history. : ) Middlefinger Selectively sued in countries with crap IP laws where you can patent anything vague and sue for it even if you never actually made the thing yourself. They failed to sue in countries with reasonable laws. Samsung also counter sued and won, so whatever... Shame-sung C.E.O That's a beautiful excuse. But not a good one. Funny how Swinesung has lost multiple times and agrees to settle after it has uses stolen designs and software and technology. Swingeing has lost all across the world from its home country to the the US. This is the problem with the fanboy mentality. They make poor excuses but everything is online. Swinesung has convicted 2 times of corruption in south korea alone. From Racketeering, Tax Evasion. Fraud and Embezzlement and countless other charges. Also they have the highest return in TV's in the industry with defects. Heck in the S7 and S6,5,4 have all suffered from low quality screens and having image retention issues (again all the information is online if you search) to burn in issues and lets not forget the exploding issues because they choose quantity over quality. Shamesung will always be just that. A low quality company who cares about numbers then quality. Middlefinger You're just a troll, yuor username proves that all by itself. Most of the thing Samsung have been sued for related directly to Android itself, so is Googles fault if anything, not anything they have done. You know this but just troll this site because you are a child with nothing better to do. Dont bother replying, your blocked as of now. Shame-sung C.E.O AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH Facts hurt and hurt so dam much . Man how pathetic. Jay Not sure how your kind of comments continue to survive on this site. Shame-sung C.E.O Because people are entitled to facts and opinions. Just because Swinesung is a horrible corrupt company does not mean bling ignorance does not exist. I mean i like Android and think its amazing and useful, And i feel the same way about Apple , Microsoft LG ect. But Swinesung... Naw i draw the line on the most corrupt company in the tech industry by Parsec's. Dominic D I just wish Samsung would update all their devices at the same time like Apple. Okay, maybe not all... but definitely their S series of devices. It's holding me back from purchasing a Samsung phone again. My AT&T S6 Edge was beautiful but didn't receive Marshmallow for a year. It was nearly unusable on Lollipop with barely an hour and a half of screen-on time. I love my 6P and I'm soon looking to upgrade, but I'm nervous about purchasing another Samsung device. Berkay Wait for the pixel 2 Ilya Kushnir Linux Kernel 4.4.16. This happened! Maha Rashtrian TAKE MY MONEY NOW! How much does it cost though? Mix If Samsung made a phone with stock Android, that had Google's updates I would be in love. My Pixel is nice but Samsung phones just feel nicer. JSo Remember Google Play Edition devices? Those were the days. Mix I do not! My first was Android was a Nexus 4 and I came from a BB Bold! Nexus 4, Nexus 5, Galaxy S6, Pixel Xl, Pixel Xl, Pixel Xl....(I am on my third Pixel, lol) JSo Well other OEMs used to make versions of there devices with stock android on it and they were sold in the Play Store. The Galaxy S4 was one of them. Jaime May I ask why? Were your phones faulty? Mix Mic died on the 1st Pixel and the 2nd one bricked and both were RMA'd through the play store for brand new devices. someone755 "The Pixel is totally worth it, it's a great investment." You alone are proof of the contrary. Mix Just pop on over to GooglePixel on Reddit. Some people are on their 5th phone...when it works it works but my experience? This is the worst Android phone I have ever owned! My 3rd one has been great though so fingers crossed I am done RMA'ing it. someone755 Exactly. There are so many apologists out there of this phone that keep saying that the phone is worth its price, that other phones are just as flawed etc. Meanwhile there are hundreds if not thousands of customers like you. VAVAMk_2 Why? 2kool4skool Agreed, google gets their software right but their hardware could use a lot of improvement. JohnyNoLegs Yea like messenger, allo, duo, hangouts. And pixel now has apps you can't uninstall. Google will be the next Samsung! 2kool4skool Well, should I say partly right, then? JohnyNoLegs Let's just say Samsung does it better than google recently, and that's saying something. Btw I'm on pixel xl coming from note 7. iKon Any phone looks better than the Pixels because #Bezels Bojan Radovanović well, that is true, but it's not a picture to stand in front of it and admire how it looks... Ra1nb0wD4sh DE On my pictures the bezels (aka frames) are mostly wanted though... Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ If Samsung made the phone with stock Android, nobody except a bunch of geeks would buy it. Consumers want the features Samsung adds to Android. Mix Would the average user and purchaser of Samsung phones even know they had stock Android device? Probably not. Samsung makes mach better hardware but their updates and support after the sale freaking suck. Took something like 8 months for my SG6 phone to get an update since Google gives it to Samsung to add shit, then Telus gets to add shit, then I get it. That type of update system is pure trash. theProffer It's the same group of people that can't tell the difference between the new iPhones. You know, the ones Jimmy Kimmel makes fun of once a year. Middlefinger Samsung have to fix Googles mess first, because lets face it, Stock android is a buggy unreliable mess. You cant blame the OEMs for wanting to wait until the software is viable before they risk putting it on their customers devices. Google doesn't care, that's why the Nexus didnt sell well, and the pixel has needed fix after fix after fix. whispy_snippet No. Middlefinger Yes, but Google shills dont like to hear it. whispy_snippet Still no! Middlefinger Denial is pretty powerful. whispy_snippet Well, no. Every average Joe consumer would buy it PLUS a heap of stock Android nerds. Average consumers don't have a freakin clue what TouchWiz or stock Android even are. Who gives a shit anyway. It's never going to happen. Middlefinger Oh god no. Bargain basement software that isnt reliable isnt what people want. Im sure even a stock S8 would have less issues than the trouble prone Nexus and Pixel phones, but even so, it would be commercial suicide for Samsung to rely on an unfiltered Google experience. someone755 It would net them a few thousand customers though. I know I'd be switching to a Samsung if they only made some AOSP-style software possible. Middlefinger Apple could probably sell more iPhones if they had an Android version, but it still doesnt mean it will happen. It would cheapen the Samsung brand to launch an AOSP version, and the only people that would care could just run a custom ROM anyway. someone755 Agreed on all but that last part -- That's why I'm not already a Samsung customer, as they make great efforts to prevent people from running custom ROMs. Middlefinger and yet suck ROM exist, so.. xyz It was called a Galaxy Nexus. JohnyNoLegs I prefer Samsung software. My pixel xl is barron, has nothing in comparison. Can't wait to sell and get the s8 Cakefish The fact that I'm currently unemplyed will prevent me from giving in to my uncontrollable urges to always have the latest tech. S8 looks great. Switchable nav keys, 10nm processors, batteries that lose significantly less of their capacity over time. narrower dimensions for one-handed use, 64GB storage, and a Samsung equivalent to Google's HDR+ camera processing are my personal highlights. Cakefish P.S. for UK users you can get it on the 19th April if you preorder (8 days early). Also, UK pricing: S8 = £689.00, S8+ = £779.00 Middlefinger Yeah but will be cheap enough on contract which is how most people buy phones. Cakefish But I prefer to buy unlocked :( Lars Jeppesen Blame Brexit for that.. the phones are the same prices as the S7 for me here in Denmark Cakefish I do blame Brexit :( ddevito Nice phone, but no thanks. Perfectly comfy with my OP3. Then again I've never owned a Samsuck and never will james fuston jeeeesus the price point. S8 is anywhere from 720-750 and the S8+ is 850? We are getting dangerously close to breaking the 1K mark with standard configurations for phones. I can't justify paying twice the street price of an S7/S7E for one of these. This will be a hard pass for me. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ The LG G6 is $750 and the Pixel XL is $869, and those two phones look pitiful compared to the S8 and S8 Plus. What are you complaining about? Cakefish 21% (S8 vs S7) and 22% (S8+ vs S7 edge) price rises for UK (thanks Brexit) hkklife Pixel XL is the biggest rip-off on the market that's not made by Apple. Google was redefining the $/performance ratio back in 2012 and 2013 with the Nexus 4/5 and Nexus 7s. And then they got greedy and cozied back up to the carriers and went sky-high with their pricing. I'd love to see the BoM for HTC and Google on the Pixels. Gotta give Samsung credit for not jettisoning important features while truly redefining what a rectangular slab handset should be. I still think that the S8 line is one step from greatness---an unlocked model updated in a timely fashion with a 6/128GB RAM/storage variant for all markets and a 500mAh battery boost would make it a world-beater. David Williams I agree. The price point should not be surprising to anyone. james fuston The Pixel XL is $779. Not sure where you're pulling that extra $100 from. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ The 128 GB model is $869. There is no 64GB model. Regardless, the price differences aren't very big either way, and the Pixel XL doesn't hold a candle to the S8 Plus in terms of form OR function. james fuston Yeah, you're either entirely missing or intentionally glossing over the "standard configuration" part. Either way, I can tell you're all aboard the hype train for new technology by the amount of hyperbole you're spouting. Not sure why you felt like chiming in on my comment about the cost/value of the S8 vs the S7, but I think we're done here. Diego Kaku Why no one talks about the stupid position of the fingerprint scanner? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I hate the location of the fingerprint scanner on the S8/Plus. Absolutely despise it. But the rest of the phone is f'in amazing. And it's possible I'd end up using iris or facial recognition anyway. I'm not buying one, but that's only because I'm waiting for the Note 8. Fresh360 Well that was depressing, has all of those leaks left us jaded? What if there were no leaks and only whispers and then we saw a nearly bezel-less phone with a massive screen in a small body? I really think this preview would have had a very different tone. Suresh Aryal Nothing about speakers yet. GSMArena says it has stereo speakers. invinciblegod OH GOD MY OCD!! Those ports are not centered!!!!!!! Groud Frank Samsung Mobile is maturing as a tech company. It's no longer "Let's just copy Apple and cram features into our phones to compete with the iPhone." From Samsung Pass to Samsung Pay to Bixby to DeX, this is a beautiful phone with useful features. I can actually see this phone making my life easier, especially in the password management department. Less navigating, less touching, a focus on user experience and practicality - well done Samsung. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I think Samsung is going to break sales records with these phones. Max Gromada Well, they just "copied" those features: - google's HDR+, - the next iphone's screen proportions; - apple pay, - modern ai voice assistant (they've bought the company that had made the Siri), - apple's augmented reality tech - Nokia's / MS iris scanner. They're welcome to implement a feature-rich phone, but those innovations did not come from Samsung. Tech Writer -Combining multiple photos into one has been a thing much before google did it. Does anyone remember OPPO's 50MP super hi-def mode? Plus I'm sure the implementation is different than Pixel's HDR+. For example, this one works without HDR, and with HDR too. -Next iPhone's screen proportions? Dude, are you kidding me. Samsung is the one who is going to provide those screens to Apple. Plus, this phone is probably in development much before the iPhone. -Apple pay: No. Samsung pay uses MST, not NFC. It's a unique patented tech by looppay, which Samsung acquired. Apple can't even use it and hence Apple pay can't operate in legacy terminals. -modern ai voice assistant: Bixby is not a voice assistant. The phone has google assistant for that. Bixby is more of helper and tells you what is around you. It isn't meant to tell you a joke or search things, you have assistant for that. -apple's augmented reality tech: I really don't know what you are talking about. -Iris scanner: I'll give you that. Most of these are Samsung's own innovations, or acquisitions which are patented. Middlefinger Quite a bit of salt in this article. Samsungs nav buttons are not in the 'wrong' order, Googles are. Argue all you like but the fact remains its subjective and not objective. Im glad Samsung doesnt use Googles staid UX. and you cant complain about Samsung not being as innovative in the software as they are in the hardware and simultaneously get snarky about them not using Googles way of doing things. Google hasnt innovated a damn thing since ICS so if they did make a stock S8 it would be worse, based on your own claim. dabug91 Actually, you're wrong. When you use just about any web browser on the planet, where is the back button located? Top Left. Same for when you use just about any file explorer: Top Left. Same for when you use iOS devices, where do they generally place the back button? Top Left. It makes perfect sense for the back button to be on the left side of the device, because that IS the ergonomically and aesthetically superior place for it. You're wrong, get over yourself. Middlefinger Use with a mouse is different than touch use, and 2 handed touch use is different than one. You are comparing completely different UI element, so your point is invalid. dabug91 Actually, people's thumbs can very easily reach the bottom left hand side of their device, so your distraction about UI's is invalid and you're still wrong. Kys. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I hold my phone in my left hand, and use it with my right hand. The position of the back button makes no difference to me, but I like it on the right. It's not an objective thing. Give up trying to make it so. Middlefinger Right is still better for the most often used function. Given the option most people I know have that set up. Google cant be trusted to know whats best in a UI. This is the company that gave us material design, an admittedly pretty interface that gives you hardly any information per page. Its cumbersome, and this is proven by the fact that they cant even keep it consistent in their own apps, because it just doesnt work properly. Max Gromada Regarding 2-handed touch use, find the "Esc" key on your keyboard ) But, imho, when you're doing it all with your thumb, it does not matter what side the "back" key is placed. I was comfortable with the both layouts. AbbyZFresh I'm sure that this new phone will be a hot commodity likurges I was about to make a joke about the bezzels but there are none.. unlike on the pixel where I have parked my airplane, built a house and a f1 track with some space left. SAM While improvements are welcomed, battery and camera didn't get much attention this year. Lets hope after everything other is taken care of this year, battery and camera will be next. I have a feeling that with what google achieved in pixel's camera, next iPhone(maybe) and pixel 2 will blow the shit out of competition. Max Gromada Actually, the camera is improverd in S8: there is a multi-exposure mode, aka pixel's HDR+, a very welcome feature. SAM I really wish this is the case. They didn't talk much about camera in live stream. Ace Time to buy gs7 _jsw_ Is that the new Gear 360 I see in the background? It's in the image of the S8+ on the stand. Max Gromada Yes, they've introduced the new Gear 360 someone755 That's all great and all, but these prices are getting ridiculous. r0xp0x Too bad even the regular sized one is a tad bit too big for me, and I don't like having a fingerprint scanner on the back of the phone, but it sure is gorgeous. whispy_snippet The headline feature is a big, bezzeless display. Meh. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yeah, never mind the 835, the two types of wireless charging, the Samsung Pay, the HDR screen, the... oh, never mind. You wouldn't care, anyway. whispy_snippet No. I don't. They're just iterations on stuff Samsung always offers. They bring very little to the table that wasn't already there. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Then buy a Pixel. You'll love its football field sized bezels, and the wonderful halos in its pictures. Yeah, I keep hearing that halos are rare. Another site just published a comparison of 22 pictures between the LG G6 and the Pixel. 4 of the 22 Pixel pictures had halos. None of the G6 pictures had halos. So it's not so rare, unless you think 18% of photos is rare. whispy_snippet I have a Pixel. I've experienced the halo effect maybe twice ever. I barely see it because you don't generally shoot straight into strong light sources because it results in crappy shots with any camera. The most important thing for me is user experience. What's the device like to use and own on a daily basis? The Pixel is exceptional in this metric. Great software, great ergonomics, great camera, regular updates, excellent performance. The S8 looks really beautiful, but I see UX compromises everywhere. The off centre, rear mounted fingerprint scanner next to the camera; the glass back; the curved edge display; two voice assistants (yes, they don't fully overlap but Samsung's end goal will be to bump Google Assistant). The S8 is just another new phone. Semianonymous Having voice control over the camera can actually be pretty useful. I have the speak to capture feature enabled on my S7 and it's enabled me to capture some tricky shots that might not have turned out as nicely if I had moved my hand to take the shot. If it's intelligent enough to do stuff like recognize the target and focus/zoom etc, then that could be potentially be really cool. Renan I'd wish Samsung would made a flat version of this... I find the Edge... edges useless. mchalakov Dear Samsung, Just because you think that a curved screen is really cool(it is but just for a presentation) doesn't mean that everybody will like it. Also who the fuck decided it's a good idea to put the fingerprint reader there? Best wishes and less explosions, Yours (some) part of the Internet PVL_93_RU To think that if Samsung didn't keep the archaic home and capacitive buttons for as long as they did - many more of their devices could look just as beautiful as S8 Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 12 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 199 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 240 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 3 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 22 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 66 1 Year Ago Today Amazon Updates Its Policies To Ban USB Type-C Cables That Are Not Fully Spec Compliant 2016/03/29 8:29pm PDTMar 29, 2016 95 2 Years Ago Today Upbeat Monsters Icon Pack Fills Your Homescreen With Adorable Googly-Eyed Apps 2015/03/29 11:57am PDTMar 29, 2015 79 3 Years Ago Today Rumor: Google Now Will Help You Remember, Pay Your Bills [APK Teardown] 2014/03/29 11:55am PDTMar 29, 2014 69 4 Years Ago Today [New App] BBQScreen Mirrors Your Display On A Computer At 25FPS (Root Only) 2013/03/29 7:31pm PDTMar 29, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today WSJ: Google To Open Online Store This Year, Will Sell Tablets Independently Of Retailers (Perhaps With The Launch Of Jellybean) 2012/03/29 8:56pm PDTMar 29, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today Get Your Credit Cards Ready - Android In-App Billing System Now Live (P.S. Devs, No More Separate Lite/Paid Apps, Please) 2011/03/29 8:34pm PDTMar 29, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Upgrade Your Android Phone's External Storage With A-Data Turbo 16GB Class 6 MicroSD Card - Review And Benchmarks 2010/03/29 11:15pm PDTMar 29, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 110 queries | 0.490s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel: Which is the best Android phone? Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel: Which is the best Android phone? by Joe Roberts 14 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel: Which Android phone should you buy right now? We take a look at whether Sammy has beaten Google at its own game. Many consider Google's Pixel phone the best Android handset available right now. Before that, Samsung could make a decent claim to that crown with its Galaxy S7, and now it's hit back with the Galaxy S8 – giving Google cause for worry. The S8 certainly looks very impressive on paper. A powerhouse in the hardware stakes, with a new design that gives you more screen and less bezel, and even its own AI assistant to rival Google's own Google Assistant, this is a phone to be reckoned with. But does the S8 really manage to outdo what might be the best Android handset out right now? Well, we might as well take a look. In this article, I’ll answer the following questions: How do the designs differ? Which phone is more powerful? Which phone has better software? Which phone is better value for money? Should you buy the Galaxy S8 or Google Pixel? Alternatively, scroll down to the bottom of this page for a summarised version of this article. Related: Galaxy S8 vs Galaxy S8+ Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel Design: What’s the difference? Let's get this out of the way: the Galaxy S8, and its larger S8+ counterpart, are the best-looking phones you can buy. There's no question here. Samsung has added curved edges to both the S8 and S8+, and they look incredible. Gentler than the curves on the S7 Edge, the sloping, newly-enlarged screen, looks fantastic, and marks a turning point in smartphone design – which has remained stale for some time. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ No home button, much smaller bezels, curved screen, glass back – the Galaxy S8 is the finest handset you can buy. Which means the Google Pixel was never going to win this won, but that doesn't mean it's ugly. It's just... safe. It looks like the prototype model for every smartphone you've used in the past couple of years. The body is made from metal and glass, and the bezels are about as big as any other phone from last year. The fingerprint sensor is on the back, much like on the new S8 and S8+, and the sides are heavily chamfered. It's nice. Just not Galaxy S8 nice. Perhaps the biggest difference between the S8 and the Pixel, or at least the most notable, is the display. Samsung calls its new 5.8-inch screen (6.2-inch on the S8+) an 'Infinity Display'. That basically means it's longer than on previous models, coming with a 18.5:9 aspect ratio. It looks stunning from a design perspective, but the Super AMOLED panel with 1440 x 2960 resolution also shows outstanding images. It's also equipped with Mobile HDR tech so you can watch the latest HDR offerings from Netflix and Amazon. No such luck on the Pixel, though you do get a 5-inch, 1080p display which, when we reviewed the phone, produced some impressive results. There's just no question Samsung has the upper hand here, even when you take into account the Pixel XL's larger 5.5-inch screen, which comes with a more pixel-packed 1440 x 2560. Google also uses AMOLED tech on its phone, so you can at least rest assured blacks will be nice and inky, and energy consumption will be low. The Pixel and Pixel XL Speaking of measurements, the S8 comes in at 140.1 x 72.2 x 7.3mm, while the Plus model measures 152.4 x 78.5 x 7.9mm. Google's handset measures 143.8 x 69.5 x 8.5mm, so it's slightly longer and thicker than the S8. Considering you get a bigger screen on the latter, that's pretty impressive for Samsung. The larger Pixel XL, meanwhile, comes in at 154.7 x 75.7 x 8.5mm. Finally, you've got a choice of colours when it comes to Samsung's phones. The S8 and S8+ are available in dark black, bright silver, or a grey with a blueish tinge. Google also offers different finishes in the form of the nauseatingly named "Quite Black", "Very Silver", and "Really Blue". All in all: Google Pixel looks good, Galaxy S8 looks better. Related: Galaxy S7 Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel Specs: Which phone is the most powerful? Sammy has whacked Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 835 chip in the US versions of the S8 and S8+, while those in the UK will be getting versions of the handsets with Samsung's own Exynos 8895 chip. The Snapdragon comes with a load of new technology such as 25% better energy efficiency over the Snapdragon 820, Bluetooth 5 support, better graphics, and of course a more powerful octa-core CPU. But there's no need to be concerned if you're not getting the Snapdragon version. Both Qualcomm and Samsung's chipsets are built on the new 10nm process and offer the latest hardware innovations. Those chips are backed up by 4GB of RAM which should make for some seriously speedy performance. Samsung neglected to up the RAM to 6GB, and in all honesty, 4GB of RAM with a Snapdragon 835 or Exynos 8895 is plenty to ensure lightning-fast performance. Alongside that, there's 64GB of internal storage, plus a microSD card slot for those looking to expand the internal storage up to 256GB. The Google Pixel and Pixel XL came out last year, and as such, don't offer the very latest in phone hardware. But it's important to note, the Snapdragon 821 at the heart of the Pixel is an incredibly fast processor that won't run into any trouble with any app or game you throw at it. That comes along with 4GB of RAM and either 32 or 128GB of internal storage. In all, you probably won't notice much difference in performance between the There is, however, a difference in the battery department, Samsung offers a 3000mAh cell on the S8 which has us slightly concerned that the new large screen will drain the battery fully in a day, but we're yet to test that out. The the larger S8+ comes with a 3500mAh offering, which should be enough to keep the thing going all day, but again, we'll have to test this out. Google, on the other hand, has packed a 2770mAh battery in the Pixel, and although it's smaller than the cell in the Galaxy S8, we did find it managed to keep the phone charged all day – though, you'll need to charge the Pixel every night. The Pixel XL, on the other hand, comes with a 3450mAh battery, which keeps the phone running through the day and into the next. Battery might be on area where Samsung has been outdone, then, but camera-wise, things should be quite even. You'll find a 12-megapixel offering on the front. That's the same megapixel count as last year, and, in all, not much has really changed since the S7. The big difference is that the S8 will now take three pictures when you tap the shutter, combining them together to create a shot with less blur and better colour accuracy. The 12-megapixel sensor is backed up by an f/1.7 aperture and optical image stabilisation. The Dual Pixel tech also makes a return from last year. Seeing as the S7 had the best smartphone camera available in 2016, we're not worried that little has changed this time. We'll have more once we've actually used the handset for a prolonged period. On the Pixel, you'll find a 12.3-megapixel sensor with EIS and an f/2.0 aperture. On paper, it's not quite up to S8 standards but we were incredibly impressed with the camera when we reviewed the Pixel and Pixel XL last year. It did a fantastic job of handling low-light shots, and in some cases surpassed its rivals, the iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7. It's going to be interesting to see whether the S8 will be able to gain an edge in the camera stakes this year. Elsewhere, you'll find USB Type-C ports on both Samsung and Google's handsets, but there's a few areas where Sammy has the upper hand. First up is waterproofing. The S8 and S8+ come IP68-rated for full waterproofing while the Pixel doesn't have any such protection. It also doesn't have microSD card slot, or wireless charging, while Samsung's phones offer both. The Pixel also lacks the new iris scanner that appears on the top bezel of the Galaxy S8. Overall, the day-to-day performance of both handsets will be nothing short of stellar. Samsung's handset, however, comes with a load of extras that give it the edge in terms of hardware and features. Related: Best Android Phones 2017 For a full spec comparison, check out the table below: Galaxy S8 Google Pixel Screen 5.8 inches 5 inches Display Resolution 1440 x 2960 pixels 1080 x 1920 pixels (441ppi) Screen-to-body Ratio 84.4% 69% Aspect Ratio 18.5:9 Infinity Display 16:9 Dimensions 148.9 x 68.1 x 8.0mm 143.8 x 69.5 x 8.5mm Chipset Qualcomm Snapdragon 835/Exynos 8895 Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 RAM 4GB 4GB Storage 64GB - expandable 32 or 128GB Rear Camera 12-megapixel OIS, f/1.7 12.3-megapixel EIS, f/2.0 Front Camera 8-megapixel, f/1.7 auto focus 8-megapixel, f/2.4 Battery Size 3000mAh 2770mAh Charging Fast battery charging, Wireless Fast battery charging Headphone Jack Yes Yes Waterproof Yes (IP68 Certified) No Connectivity Wi-Fi, 4G/LTE, USB-C Wi-Fi, 4G/LTE, USB-C Colours Midnight, Grey and silver Quite Black, Very Silver, Really Blue Galaxy S8+ Google Pixel XL Screen 6.2 inches 5.5 inches Display Resolution 1440 x 2960 pixels 1440 x 2560 pixels (534ppi) Screen-to-body Ratio 88.6% 71.2% Aspect Ratio 18.5:9 Infinity Display 16:9 Dimensions 159.5 x 73.4 x 8.1mm 154.7 x 75.7 x 8.5mm Chipset Qualcomm Snapdragon 835/Exynos 8895 Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 RAM 4GB 4GB Storage 64GB - expandable 32 or 128GB - expandable Rear Camera 12-megapixel OIS, f/1.7 12.3-megapixel EIS, f/2.0 Front Camera 8-megapixel, f/1.7 auto focus 8-megapixel, f/2.4 Battery Size 3500mAh 3450mAh Charging Fast battery charging, Wireless Fast battery charging Headphone Jack Yes Yes Waterproof Yes (IP68 Certified) No Connectivity Wi-Fi, 4G/LTE, USB-C Wi-Fi, 4G/LTE, USB-C Colours Midnight black, Grey and silver Quite Black, Very Silver, Really Blue Related: Best Android Apps 2017 Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel OS: Which phone has better software? Android 7.0 Nougat appears on both the Samsung and Google phones. It's a great entry in the Android series, keeping all the good stuff from previous versions of the operating system and adding a load of new features to improve overall functionality. New features include richer drop-down menus, enhanced gaming with the addition of Vulkan API support, and multi-window multi-tasking. On top of that, a new Doze function will help conserve battery power, and revised notifications offer more options to interact with apps from the notification menu. For a full breakdown of features, check out our comprehensive Android 7.0 Nougat guide. Of course, one of the benefits of buying Google's phone is that it comes with a completely untouched version of Android. Google uses its own devices to debut new versions of the OS, and the Pixel was the launch device for Nougat. There's no proprietary skins overlaid on the standard OS on the Pixel phones, just pure Android goodness. Samsung, on the other hand, is one of the companies that likes to add its own skin to the Android experience, and while TouchWiz, as it's called, used to be a major drag, it's now not too bad. In fact, the OS looks pretty good, with Samsung updating app icons to look a lot more mature, and making the skin far less intrusive. Last year saw the start of a much improved TouchWiz, and this year, Samsung may have just refined the skin to the point it's actually a welcome addition. Along with the new skin comes Bixby, Samsung's own AI assistant. It's the company's attempt to rival the likes of Siri, Cortana, and of course, Google Assistant. Google made a big deal of debuting its new assistant – an upgraded version of Google Now – on the Pixel, but now it's got even more competition. Bixby will be arriving with only Korean and US English built in, but those of us in the UK will have to wait for full support to arrive later in the year, along with other countries. There’s a dedicated Bixby button on the side, and there's a clever new camera feature that lets you scan items and search online for the best price. Whether it outdoes Google Assistant is yet to be seen, but we'll have more soon. Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel Price: Which phone is better value for money? UK pricing has been confirmed as £689 for the Galaxy S8 and £779 for the Galaxy S8+. That's about what we were expecting, though it is a lot of money to spend. The Google Pixel, on the other hand, can be picked up for around £600, while the Pixel XL is available for about £720. There are deals to be had now and then, of course, but on the whole, the Pixel phones are only slightly cheaper than the S8 and S8+, both of which come with significantly upgraded hardware. Should you get the Galaxy S8 or the Google Pixel? If you’re weighing up your options, here’s our advice about which phone you should buy. If you want the best possible hardware, go for the S8. While there's going to be very little difference when it comes to performance, the S8 simply has the latest and best hardware. If you're a serious power user, the S8 is the best phone you can buy right now, at least on paper. If you like a bigger screen, it's all about the S8+. The S8+ comes with a massive 6.2-inch screen, but keeps the form factor relatively compact thanks to the lack of bezels allowing for more display real estate. If you're going to be watching a lot of Netflix on the go, the Super AMOLED, pixel packed, large screen should be just what you need. If you want a pure Android experience, the Pixel is the best bet. As it's a Google phone, the Pixel comes with a standard, untouched version of Android, which for many, will be a big deal. Samsung's skin isn't bad – far from it – but if you like your Android Nougat pure, the Pixel is the way to go. Consider the alternatives before purchasing either phone. The LG G6 launched earlier this year and comes with a similarly enlarged display to the new Galaxy phones, along with no home button. It'll probably be around the same price as the S8, though, and the hardware isn't quite as up to date as the S8's – though it is about the same as the Pixel. If you're looking to spend less there's the OnePlus 3T which comes with the Snapdragon 821 of the Pixel but for under £400. And if you're intrigued to see what Apple has in-store this year, the iPhone 8 will be arriving around September or October, so bear that in mind. Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel Summary: What’s the difference? Here’s a brief overview of the key differences between the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus. Design: There's no competition here really. The Pixel looks good, but the S8 is a turning point in smartphone design, and simply looks great. It's also waterproof and comes with a microSD card slot – both of which are lacking from Google's handset. Specs: While the Galaxy S8 is no doubt more powerful than the Pixel, in practice, you probably won't notice much different. Both phones have great internals that will provide a smooth user experience. But, if you want to be precise, the S8's Snapdragon 835/Exynos 8895 chips beat the Pixel's Snapdragon 821 easily. Price: The Galaxy S8 and S8+, can be picked up for £689 and £779 respectively. Google's handset is available for £600, while the larger Pixel XL is on sale for around £720. That's still likely to be cheaper than the Galaxy phones, but not by much. Value: Seeing as there's likely to be little difference between the S8 and Pixel in terms of price, we'd have to say the S8 takes this one, thanks to the upgraded hardware, stellar design, and extra features. And all for only slightly more than Google wants for its phone. We'll have more once we've done a full review of the Galaxy S8. Let us know which phone you think clinches it in the comments below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Google wants humans and machines to create 'new kind of music' A trumpet playing robot: Google wants to make music and art using machine learning  Credit: Alamy  Mark Molloy 29 March 2017 • 5:06pm Google wants musicians to collaborate with a new kind of artist, by pairing them together with artificial intelligence (AI). Researchers working on Google Brain, the internet giant’s deep learning research project, hope one day machines and musicians can work together to create a “new kind of art”. The team admit that AI making chart-topping music is currently a long way off, with experiments currently limited to humans playing a simplistic musical duet with a computer. Magneta is the Google Brain offshoot looking at state-of-the art advancements in music, video, image and text generation. It asks the question: “Can we use machine learning to create compelling art and music?” Douglas Eck, a research scientist working on Magenta, told MIT Technology Review’s EMtech digital conference, it was fun trying to create art with AI that responds and learns from humans. “I don’t think that machines themselves just making art for art’s sake is as interesting as you might think,” he explained. “The question to ask is can machines help us make a new kind of art?” Meanwhile, robots could soon be delivering delicious pizza to a street near you.   AI timeline   Share this article Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest READ MORE ABOUT: Trending Show more Technology latest 29 Mar 2017, 7:53pm Samsung Galaxy S8 launch: How the internet reacted 29 Mar 2017, 7:52pm Comic Sans creator reveals bizarre reason why font was made  29 Mar 2017, 6:25pm Samsung DeX gadget transforms the Galaxy S8 into a PC 29 Mar 2017, 6:24pm Samsung Galaxy S8 launch: Samsung reveals its long-awaited iPhone killer 29 Mar 2017, 6:05pm Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+: UK price, release date and pre-order information 01:33 30 Mar 2017, 7:05am Samsung Galaxy S8: Hands on with the world's most ambitious phone 29 Mar 2017, 3:09pm Donald Trump is being trolled by a disobedient robot on Twitter 29 Mar 2017, 2:24pm Robots could soon be delivering delicious pizza to a street near you  29 Mar 2017, 1:18pm This simple Apple update will make your iPhone faster and free up space 29 Mar 2017, 11:37am What is encryption, how does it work and what apps use it? 29 Mar 2017, 9:50am Plans unveiled for incredible skyscraper that hangs from orbiting asteroid 29 Mar 2017, 8:35am Samsung Galaxy S8: UK release date, price, specs and rumours 01:49 29 Mar 2017, 6:00am How artificial intelligence has evolved over time 28 Mar 2017, 8:54pm The future of food shopping? Amazon launches 'no checkout' grocery service 28 Mar 2017, 7:57pm Why you should never ask Amazon’s Alexa the value of Pi 28 Mar 2017, 7:17pm Samsung store suffers fire mishap a day before Galaxy S8 launch  28 Mar 2017, 5:45pm Your Facebook News Feed is about to look very different – here's why   28 Mar 2017, 2:43pm Elon Musk wants to merge brains and computers with Matrix-style technology 28 Mar 2017, 2:12pm Gender-neutral emoji approved for 2017 28 Mar 2017, 11:00am Square: Jack Dorsey's payments company launches in the UK 02:07 28 Mar 2017, 10:38am Google Home: AI speaker to launch in the UK next week If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Smart-Eyewear Might Still Be The Next Big Thing In Wearable Tech Bo Belmer - Drivewealth   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 29, 2017 11:48am   Comments Share: This article originally appeared on DriveWealth. Wearable tech is not really a new concept, but it has undoubtedly grown by leaps and bounds in popularity over the past few years. Generally, leaders in the field have had success with products such as smart watches. For example, there is the Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) Watch, the Fitbit Inc (NYSE: FIT), and Garmin Ltd. (NASDAQ: GRMN) Vivoactive HR. While each of these products has some unique features, they do serve the same general purpose for watch wearers and tech enthusiasts alike. However, the watch is not the only accessory that tech companies have tried to integrate with “smart technologies.” Another market that companies have tried to tap into is the eyewear market. The word “tried” is in bold because…well… quite frankly, there has not yet been much commercial success with “smart eyewear.” For instance, in 2012 Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) project and product, titled Google Glass, flopped as it aimed to lead the path for smart-eyewear products. Despite the highly anticipated release, Google’s sales of Google Glass were small due to complaints about technical shortcomings, practicality issues, poor styling, privacy, as well as a steep price point. Eventually, Google determined that the best course of action was to remove the product from the public market and continue working with companies and developers to find better applications for Google Glass in the professional world. The flop of Google Glass has not stopped companies from continuing to produce smart-eyewear. Perhaps the problem for Google Glass was not the product itself, but rather its intended uses as well as the way in which it was marketed. The world might not be ready for smart-eyewear as a “daily driver,” but maybe it is ready for the technology as an “entertainment performance tool” similar to the way car enthusiasts purchase (less than practical) sports cars as “weekend drivers” because they enjoy the thrill of driving. Here are a few companies that are using smart-eyewear in new and unique ways: Oakley Airwave Snow Goggles: Oakley has been producing and innovating sports related eyewear since its inception. More recently, though, the eyewear giant has broken into the smart-eyewear market with its “Airwave Snow Goggles.” These goggles come standard with a built-in heads up display that integrates GPS as well as Bluetooth. In doing so, the goggles are able to give users instant access to information such as speed, vertical drop, distance, and altitude. Additionally, there are preloaded maps, music control, friend tracking, and other features that have yet to be announced. Essentially, Oakley is aiming to advance the entire skiing or snowboarding experience for its customers using more advanced technologies. Snapchat Spectacles: Snap Inc (NYSE: SNAP) has been mentioned a lot in our articles over the past few months, but it is not because we have been seeking them out. Rather, Snapchat has simply done a great job of staying relevant and generating excitement. This year, Snapchat has released its first hardware product, the “Spectacles” and it seems to have been received well by customers so far. Their premise is simple; enable Snapchat users to connect with their followers from a “first person perspective.” There is no need to pull out your phone if you are only a tap of your sunglasses away from recording videos. Empire (EVS) Paintball Mask: In a more niche market, Empire Paintball is advancing the world of paintball through its collaboration with Recon Instruments. By working together, the two companies have been able to produce the Empire Vision Systems (EVS) mask, which combines smart-eyewear with an industry-leading protective goggle for the first time. The ability to have a heads-up display on the paintball field can put players at a great competitive advantage due to their ability to receive real time information during a game. For instance, coordination between teammates is made much easier due to the use of the field map feature that shows the user real time locations of their partners. The maps are even interactive and allow players to zoom into points of interest in order to improve navigation. In addition, the heads-up display will provide other services such as music control and messaging (if connected to a smart phone). Eventually, this technology might become the norm on paintball fields everywhere. While companies have struggled to create smart-eyewear that is practical for everyday use, it is clear to see that some companies have been able to find success through focusing on their niche industry (or product use). This technology does not appear to be going away any time soon so when considering new investment opportunities it may be beneficial to explore the future of smart-eyewear. Who knows, maybe it will even be something you personally use soon if you don’t already! Posted-In: DriveWealthTopics Markets Tech General © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (FIT + AAPL) PreMarket Prep Recap For March 29: The Forecast On Marijuana And Small Bank Stocks What Life Was Like The Last Time Detroit Red Wings Missed The Stanley Cup Playoffs Apple Will Trade At $200 Per Share: Munster, Milunovich And Others Weigh In Munster: Services To Contribute 20% Of Apple's Revenue By 2022 Dan Nathan's Apple Options Trade Rapper 'The Game' Talks About His Cannabis Venture: 'Setting The Standard For Quality Medicine, Patient Care' View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 AUPH, RHT: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 WBA, RAD: Baird Updates Its View On Walgreen's With New Rite-Aid Ass... 3 GOGL, RTTR: 22 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 4 RHT, VRNT: 10 Stocks To Watch For March 28, 2017 5 IEP: The Who's Who Of Hedge Fund Managers... 6 AAPL: At This Price, Is It Too Late To Buy... 7 SNAP: Cowen Initiates Snap Inc. At Outp... 1 GS, C: Deutsche Bank Previews Q1 Earnings For Big Banks, Upgrades Morgan Stanley To Buy 2 RH: Restoration Hardware Blows Shorts Out Of The Water After Q4 Report 3 AAPL, SPY: What Life Was Like The Last Time Detroit Red Wings Missed The St... 4 AMZN: Amazon Makes New All-Time High Amid Bullish Commentary 5 TSLA: Cowen: Tesla's Q1 Deliveries Will Fall Shy Of Buy-S... 6 AAPL: Apple Will Trade At $200 Per Share: Munster, Milunov... 7 TCEHY, WIX: The Next 5 Years For Consumer Internet Sto... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Cramer On Brexit: Don't Chase British Stocks There Are Still Pitfalls To Watch Out For In The Metals Complex
Place an advert Buy a photo Crosswords Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport What's On In Your Area Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating All Google Home - UK release date, price, design and where you can buy it in Cornwall By WOCornwall  |  Posted: March 29, 2017 By Nisha Mal   0 COMMENTS   SHARES The Google Home smart speaker. Google Home - UK release date, price, design and where you can buy it in Cornwal... X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / The Google Home smart speaker. M&S recalls chicken and veg soup over chemicals... 1 Enjoy a Moondance with music legend Van Morrison at the... 2 It's no joke - your chance to play with leading UK orchestra... 2 Comments (0) Google Home will launch in the UK on Thursday, April 6. The voice-controlled smart speaker will cost £129 and will be available in a range of colours including white, black, purple, blue and orange. You will be able to buy it from the Google Store as well as Currys and PC World, Argos, Maplin and John Lewis. Design The design is supposedly inspired by wine glasses and candles. It has a sloped top with four coloured LED lights on it - these provide visual feedback. There is a mute button on the back, which you can press to prevent Google from listening to "hot words". READ MORE: 50 huge names performing in Cornwall this year The bottom has a speaker grille attached to it. This can be swapped for different coloured shells to suit your personal taste and mood - there will be six options available in different fabrics and metals. Google assistance This tool is like a more intuitive Google search. It allows users to ask questions in a more natural way so you don't have to think about how you word things to get the answer you want. You can also ask follow up questions so it feels a bit more like a natural conversation. The assistance will also let you share information across devices, like phones, tablets and laptops. What's more, you'll be able to link together several Google Home speakers around your house to synchronise them. READ MORE: All you need to know about Easter in Cornwall Everyday tasks The smart speaker will be able help you manage day-to-day tasks like setting alarms, sending you reminders, starting timers and even adding items to your shopping list. Plus, if you have smart devices in your home, you can control your lights and switches from brands including Nest, Philips or Samsung SmartThings. If you have a Chromecast, you can also use voice commands to play Netflix and YouTube on your TV. Find out more here. WHAT'S ON IN CORNWALL Report this article Read more from Cornwall Live Most Recent Most Commented M&S recalls chicken and veg soup over chemicals contamination... Google Home - UK release date, price, design and where you can... Enjoy a Moondance with music legend Van Morrison at the Eden... This is where Martin Clunes is filming the next series of the hit... Is this Cornwall's best pub crawl? We visit Falmouth's finest... Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs Qualified/Experienced Dispenser Salary : Good Rates of Pay Staff Nurse Salary : Good Rates of Pay Parish Clerk Salary : salary 18 to 23 on NALC recommended rates Senior Sales Manager Salary : Negotiable & benefits Tearoom Assistants Salary : To be discussed at interview Area Manager, Recruitment & Payroll Vacancies Salary : £20,000 - £23,500 LGV Class 1 Driver Salary : Good Rates of Pay Senior Nurse Salary : Salary Band 7 Caretaker Salary : Good Rates of Pay Quality Controller - Henstridge Somerset Salary : TBD Sales Executive - Henstridge Somerset Salary : TBD Machine Operator - Henstridge somerset Salary : TBD Forklift Operator - Henstridge Somerset Salary : TBD Human Resources Officer - Henstridge Somerset Salary : TBD Admin Assistant - Henstridge Somerset Salary : TBD Purchase Ledger Clerk Salary : Competitive Bookkeeper Salary : Competitive salary depending on experience Commercial Team - People Services - Various Roles Salary : Various Campaign Manager Salary : £30,000 per annum Housing Market Analyst Salary : £20,000 p.a. Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Business Crime Politics Health Transport Polls Blogs Education Entertainment Sport Football Other Sport Cornish Pirates Cricket Rugby Surfing Truro City Our Site Jobs Dating Promotions Letters How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Buy and Sell Notices Buy a Photo Cars Classifieds Property Places Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Sport and Leisure Hairdressers Pubs and Bars Attractions Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Taxis & Vehicle Hire Legal Servces Plumbers Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
Computerworld How Microsoft plans to address AI and machine learning challenges News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook How Microsoft plans to address AI and machine learning challenges Peter Lee, Microsoft’s research vice president, answers hard questions about artificial intelligence and machine learning Steven Max Patterson (Network World) 30 March, 2017 01:24 - - - - print email Comments Microsoft, Google and IBM face difficult challenges in winning early enterprise adopters of artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML). Microsoft AI Research Vice President Peter Lee shed some like on how Microsoft will meet those challenges when we met at this week’s MIT Technology Review EmTech Digital conference. Lee began with the same explanation that he gave to Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella. Nadella, a former research engineer, does not need to have technology spoon fed to him, but he does need to understand the framework used to manage the future of the vertical industries transferred to the stewardship of Microsoft’s AI group. It is a big bet, amounting to 6,000 employees or one-fourth of the company and includes leading industry businesses such as healthcare, education, automotive, finance and retail. A very big bet on the future of AI, indeed. How Microsoft categorizes AI opportunities Lee divided ML into three tiers for me, as he did for Nadella: Tier 0: The customer can use one of Microsoft’s pretrained models, perhaps adding domain-specific categories. This might be as simple as using Microsoft’s machine translation API to translate comments or to add a domain-specific category such as women’s fashion vocabulary to the translation API service—like eBay did to enable shopping across international markets and different languages. Tier 1: This tier puts tools such as Microsoft’s Cognitive Tool Kit and cloud hardware optimized for ML in the hands of developers who can build a novel and original domain-specific model. This says easy and does hard—in New Jersey parlance—because the task requires experts in ML, computer architecture and system optimization. Lee cited partner UPMC Enterprises, a for-profit division of non-profit healthcare delivery service University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, as an example. Although Lee cannot talk about the details of the model that UPMC is building yet, he did say it will enable physicians to improve their performance and the care they provide to patients. UPMC recruited ML expert Adam Berger, Ph.D. to build a team and lead the project. After the model is created, trained and proven, UPMC plans to market the solution to other healthcare delivery services where Microsoft has 168,000 productivity and IT customers in 140 countries. Pittsburgh is situated at the nexus of a large medical community that has leading teaching hospitals and medical research institutions combined with a leading AI and ML community centered around Carnegie Mellon. Tier 2: Carnegie Mellon University’s Libratus pokerbot that beat poker pros and Google’s AlphaGo-bot that beat Lee Sedol represent the special case of Tier 2, an artificial general intelligence (AGI). AGI is a hypothetical machine intelligence discussed by researchers and sci-fi writers that will be able to perform any intellectual human task. These gamebots represent a narrow AGI in the field of gaming, but this technology is unique because the bots are self-trained and not limited by human experience. Most ML models are trained by scraping human intelligence from photos or other corpora, such as Google’s language translation that was trained by consuming about a third of the public internet. If Libratus was a more traditional type of intelligence, it would have first observed a million poker players playing a billion hands of poker, then applied the observation to train a model based on human behavior. Instead, it learned the rules for winning at poker by experimenting with every possible poker hand. AlphaGo was similarly trained. It startled Sedol with its own invented style of play that was not limited by human intelligence. Lee used Libratus and AlphaGo to explain to Nadella that in narrowly defined cases, AGI is possible. The hard question facing every company delivering ML to the enterprise The supply chain for delivering the benefits of ML to the enterprise has a problem. Lee says machine learning models such as language translation are created by privileged teams of experts. They’re privileged in the sense that they are very skilled in machine learning, linear algebra and probability, and often they have Ph.Ds from top universities. It is a finite expert labor pool concentrated at just a few companies, such as Facebook, Google, IBM and Microsoft. The question to Lee is how to navigate this labor shortage and deliver AI to the enterprise. Hard to build ML models are first proven by advanced researchers, then the models are optimized by ML and computer systems experts to run on today’s underpowered hardware. In the last step, very specialized developers rewrite resource-consuming components with fast native code and optimize them to run cost effectively. ML development tools are complex and methods are immature, which prevents lesser-skilled developers from building models How Microsoft plans to deliver the benefits of AI Tier 0 works today. Microsoft has few thousand customers that use its cloud portfolio of pretrained models, adding features such as natural language processing, text analytics and language translation to existing applications with Microsoft Cognitive Services APIs. Tier 1 is a not as easy because expanding the expert labor pool is not an option, and a mature tool chain enabling less-skilled developers to build models has not yet emerged. Lee says Microsoft will leverage the two decades of Microsoft’s AI research to help partners build original ML models to solve new problems. Lee says this tier is best delivered by partners—partners with domain expertise and ML expertise that can create a new and original model to solve a problem that once proven, could be marketed to an entire industry. This is similar to how the UPMC plans to sell its model to the healthcare industry. Lee wants to invest in a portfolio of vertical industry opportunities like UMPC Enterprises. He is willing to bring the right partners’ engineers into Microsoft’s labs to work shoulder to shoulder with Microsoft researchers to create original models that, once prove, could be stamped out in volume and sold to an entire vertical industry that Lee hopes will use Microsoft’s ML specialized cloud hardware to train and run the models. Though Lee may have a preference for Microsoft’s open source Cognitive Tool Kit, he isn’t opposed to Google’s TensorFlow or Facebook’s Caffe 2 libraries if they are a better fit. That’s because success is measured based on the impact on Microsoft’s cloud business in the post-Ballmer, open-Microsoft cloud era. Tier 2 models will remain a research topic for Microsoft to watch and measure progress towards reaching the long-term goal of AGI. Perhaps in the next five years, more computer science students will learn AI and ML and expand the expert pool. Or the toolchain may mature to enable lesser-skilled developers to build new models. In the meantime, the limited pool of experts will be leveraged to deliver the greatest impact. 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager More from NetScout Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Microsoft More about eBayFacebookGoogleIBMindeedMellonMicrosoftMITTechnology Editor's Recommendations NBN fixed wireless to get a speed boost to 100Mbps NBN sends in field team to assess Cyclone Debbie impact Vic education department creates CIO role Open source to power Telstra security operations centres NBN data usage continues to soar 20,000 sign-ups for NSW’s digital licence platform Read more Netscout Partner Zone Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Related Whitepapers Accelerate Your Glide Path to AWS Cloud Migration 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager 7 Ways Link-Solutions Empowers Network Pros to Work Faster and Smarter Anatomy of a Hack Disrupted Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next NBN data usage continues to soar 5 burning questions with new IETF Chair and Cisco Fellow Alissa Cooper Ignorant of cybersecurity risk, breached small businesses are concealing the cost of ... CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Optus strikes new managed services deal with EnergyAustralia Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Home Technology With Galaxy S8, Samsung hopes to hit the reset button With Galaxy S8, Samsung hopes to hit the reset button The world’s largest maker of Android phones hopes to change the conversation from exploding batteries by introducing a new virtual assistant named Bixby Mar 29, 2017 Peter Nowak   0 Samsung’s new Galaxy S8 phones. (Samsung) The best result Samsung can hope for with its lineup of newly announced mobile-oriented products is that nothing goes seriously wrong with them. After the exploding-battery debacle that was the Galaxy Note 7 – with its recall and cancellation costing billions – the South Korean electronics giant is hoping for smoother sailing this time around. Google’s flagship Pixel XL sets the new standard for Android smartphones The lineup’s headliners are clearly the Galaxy S8 and its slightly larger cousin, the S8 Plus, both of which will be available through most major carriers in Canada on Apr. 21 (pre-orders start Mar. 31). I got to play around with them at a press event this week and liked what I saw. Of course, it remains to be seen how their batteries hold up. Both devices feature a redesigned look where almost all of the surface area – 83 per cent, according to Samsung – is actual screen. There’s almost no bezel around the 5.8-inch S8 and 6.2-inch S8 Plus, and the physical home button has been removed in favour of a virtual one embedded in the screen itself. The fingerprint sensor is similarly hidden. The practical result is a longer screen that’s more conducive to watching videos. The phones have an aspect ratio of 18.5 x 9, which is closer to the standard 16 x 9 that movies are typically viewed in. It’s probably a good move to align the two, but it’s going to take some getting used to after so many years of displays that are closer to squares. The Galaxy S8’s more newsworthy new feature is Bixby. Like Apple’s Siri or Google Assistant, Samsung’s artificially intelligent voice assistant can take dictation, set calendar events and answer trivia queries. It can also learn your habits and offer suggestions and advice based on them. The phone can tell you when to leave for work based on current traffic conditions or remind you to call a loved one at a certain time, for example. Bixby differs from its competitors with its visual recognition capabilities, according to Samsung. You can scan a product with the camera, at which point the phone will turn up a list of places where the item can be purchased. Playstation VR proves the appeal of virtual reality, with some growing pains My time with Bixby was short, but I came away with a few impressions. Firstly, the voice was female, which was puzzling coming from the male-sounding name of “Bixby.” Samsung reportedly considered have both male and female voices, with the latter named “Kestra,” but it’s not clear what ended up happening. It’s possible both are available, but I didn’t get a chance to delve into it. Beyond that, Bixby sounded pretty robotic. Siri and Google Assistant approximate human voices pretty well, but Bixby sounds stilted – like a machine taking its early steps in communicating with people. Lastly, it’s not obvious whether Bixby’s visual intelligence capability is going to be practically useful or not. Scanning and identifying items is neat, even if existing apps such as Google Goggles can already do it, but I’m left wondering why you’d want to order something that’s already in front of you. We’ll have to see where this goes. Whatever Bixby’s capabilities, the fact that Samsung is investing in an AI assistant is fascinating enough. As Android devices, the S8 and S8 Plus will also run Google Assistant. Amazon is also expanding its Alexa assistant onto smartphones, which means the typical phone owner will soon have multiple, competing AI tools to choose from. Amazon and Google are seen as the leaders in the space because they’re extending their assistants across platforms and devices. Apple and Samsung, meanwhile, are so far keeping theirs anchored mostly to their respective ecosystems. It’s easy to see the Amazon and Google approach dwarfing competitors and winning out, but again, time will tell. Either way, there’s no reason to expect the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus to not do well – barring an unforeseen disaster of battery-exploding proportions.   The S8 is likely to be the most successful product in Samsung’s new lineup, but it may actually be the least interesting. More intriguing are a few adjoining accessories. The DeX, for one, is going to get a good long look from a lot of business users. The idea of a docking station that can effectively turn a smartphone into a computer isn’t new. It’s been tried numerous times, perhaps most notably by Motorola and its Atrix dock a few years ago, but it’s never really taken off for various reasons. Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review: Solid, but struggles to justify its features Samsung’s DeX is a puck-like device that hooks up to any monitor with an HDMI slot. Sliding a Galaxy S8 into it automatically activates a computer desktop-like interface on the monitor screen, complete with full-sized web browsers and other tools, including Microsoft Office. Samsung says it’s also working with Adobe to optimize some of its imaging software. DeX worked smoothly and looked pretty slick in the brief demo I saw. It’s a promising effort that could conceivably allow many workers to do away with their desktops and laptops. No word on Canadian pricing or availability yet. On the consumer side, the second version of the Gear 360 virtual reality camera could also be a hot product. At $499, the current version is probably the best affordable 360-camera available. The sequel, which is shaped less like a baseball and has a built-in handle, sports real 4K video resolution and offers live streaming capability too, although image quality is limited to 2K in that case. Best of all, the new Gear 360 will work with newer model iPhones and other Android devices and not just a handful of Samsung phones, as the current camera does. That’s going to greatly expand its market, which is a welcome development to anyone interested in shooting 360-degree photos and videos. Samsung says the updated Gear 360 will likely be available this spring, but no word on pricing yet. REVIEW: Apple Watch 2 is a worthy evolution of the form MORE REVIEWS: Tesla makes inroads in Canada with new dealerships and charging stations Google’s flagship Pixel XL sets the new standard for Android smartphones Playstation VR proves the appeal of virtual reality—with some growing pains REVIEW: Apple Watch 2 is a worthy evolution of the form REVIEW: iPhone 7 brings controversial changes—and welcome ones too Review: Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 is solid but struggles to justify its features Review: The Samsung Galaxy S7 evens the playing field with iPhone Review: BlackBerry’s Priv bucks convention, with mixed results Like Us Follow @cdnbiz Subscribe with Texture Get our daily briefing on innovation, leadership, technology & the economy. Weekdays at 6 AM ET. Learn More » Enter your email to sign up: Easily unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy & Terms of Service shares Share: Facebook Email Twitter LinkedIn Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Hands-on Tech The Gear VR’s new controller makes it more expensive, but a lot more useful by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy Mar 29, 2017, 11:20am EDT share tweet Linkedin Chris Welch / The Verge Motion controls became a must-have feature in high-end virtual reality at least a year ago, but they’ve been slower to come to mobile VR, because it’s tough to create a robust tracking system without external cameras or markers. But Google did it with Daydream last year, and now Samsung and Oculus are doing the same with the Gear VR, which will soon be getting its very own motion controller. While we’ve seen a non-functioning Gear VR controller before, we got to try it out for the first time last week — and although it’s not pretty, it seems to get the job done. Samsung and Oculus’ new controller will launch on April 21st, when it’ll be bundled with the Gear VR for a total of $129. (If you already have a Gear VR, you can buy it separately for $39.) Oculus says that 20 titles will support the controller at launch, including zombie shooter Drop Dead and puzzle game Rangi, with 50 more coming in the next few months. Read more about the Galaxy S8 After the smoke clears: inside Samsung’s quest for redemption Hands-on video, photos, and impressions of the S8 and S8 Plus Samsung Galaxy S8 price will start at $720 — here's how to buy Samsung's Galaxy S8 can turn into a PC with its DeX dock Galaxy S8 announcement: all of the news from Samsung’s launch event The controller’s design is similar to that of Google’s Daydream controller: a wand with internal tracking sensors that let you use it like a laser pointer inside VR, with a trackpad at one end and a few menu and volume buttons. The biggest functional difference is a trigger at one end, which Google tested in Daydream controller prototypes but didn’t include in the final hardware. Like the Oculus Rift’s Touch controllers, it also uses disposable batteries instead of charging via USB-C like the Daydream controller. I’ve had problems with forgetting to charge my Daydream controller, so this could turn out to be more convenient in the long run, especially if the batteries last a while. If you’re not a fan of the Gear VR’s clunky aesthetic, you’re probably going to like its controller even less. It’s made of cheap-feeling black plastic and shaped like a bent serving spoon, with a big plastic button serving as a trackpad. The Daydream controller also felt cheap, but it was small and unobtrusive enough to get away with it. It could also be clipped invisibly inside the headset between uses, while the Gear VR controller fits on a side strap. Compared to Daydream, the trigger lets the Gear VR work a little bit more like an Oculus Touch or other high-end motion controller, since it’s easier to do things like shoot a virtual gun with it. The trigger feels solid and clicky, and I didn’t pull it by accident — a concern Google had with its prototype — during my short time with the device. Oculus seems to be working hard to translate Touch experiences into Gear VR interactions. The avatar system gives you one virtual hand to wave around in VR, and you can press down buttons to make a couple of different gestures with it. There’s also a new, Gear VR-focused installment of the Touch launch title Dead & Buried, in which players face off against each other in a quickdraw duel. If you’re not a fan of the Gear VR’s aesthetic, the controller doesn’t improve things Without spending more time using the controller, it’s difficult to tell how well a lot of these games will work. Some seem fine, but others may be over-ambitious, because the current Gear VR controller isn’t ever going to be as good as Touch. Capturing the flick of a fishing pole or the wave of a wand would be well within its capabilities, but its internal sensors approximate larger movements with less accuracy. So when Dead & Buried asks you to reach for a pistol on your belt and fire at another player, you have to awkwardly tilt the controller toward your waist and flick it up, instead of lowering your hand and grabbing the way you would on Touch. It’s an interesting technical experiment, but not much fun. Photo by Amelia Krales / The Verge For more restrained experiences, though, it’s great to have something in between a full controller and an integrated headset trackpad. It works just fine with the Gear VR’s library interface, web browser, and virtual keyboard, where it’s a responsive and precise pointing tool. A puzzle game called Rangi feels a lot like Gear VR launch game Land’s End — but the controller makes it a lot more convenient to play, because you’re not holding your hand to your temple. Oculus says that some games, including Minecraft, are still too complex for anything but a gamepad like the Xbox One controller. But other gamepad-based titles could make the leap. It’s frustrating that the Gear VR is now so much more expensive than the Daydream View, when both offer very similar capabilities. But even with the price bump, the controller is a very necessary addition. In the same way Oculus Touch completed the Rift system, this new controller makes the Gear VR a lot better — even if I still have some reservations about it. In this Storystream Galaxy S8 announcement: all of the news from Samsung’s launch event Samsung Galaxy S8 preorders are now live The Gear VR’s new controller makes it more expensive, but a lot more useful The ‘new’ Samsung Gear VR headset and controller will sell for $129 and ship in April View all 26 stories Next Up In Circuit Breaker Samsung Galaxy S8 preorders are now live Samsung’s Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus will be available unlocked from Best Buy in May Pictures don’t do the Galaxy S8 justice The Samsung Galaxy S8 is the first phone with Bluetooth 5.0 Watch Samsung’s Galaxy S8 announcement event in 10 minutes The headphone jack ain’t dead yet Now Trending The 265 members of Congress who sold you out to ISPs, and how much it cost to buy them They betrayed you for chump change This is the Samsung Galaxy S8, coming April 21st Preorders begin March 30th, three weeks before the release date Samsung Galaxy S8 guide reveals dual Bluetooth audio function and more Another last-minute leak adds to what we know about Samsung’s upcoming flagship Samsung Galaxy S8 preorders are now live After the smoke clears: inside Samsung's quest for redemption The Galaxy S8 is Samsung’s most ambitious phone yet Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 18. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Samsung Galaxy S8 preorders are now live by Ashley Carman 4 comments / new Ghost in the Shell review: a solid film built on a broken foundation by Kwame Opam 27 comments / new You can’t buy Congress’s web history — stop trying by Russell Brandom 20 comments / new Samsung’s Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus will be available unlocked from Best Buy in May by Chris Welch 6 comments / new Uber’s weirdest lost items include meat packets, bulletproof vests, and valium by Megan Farokhmanesh 10 comments / new Lyft Shuttle mimics mass transit with fixed routes and fares by Andrew J. Hawkins 10 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Google Apps Here’s what we know Samsung’s Bixby assistant can do on the Galaxy S8 New, 8 comments by Dieter Bohn@backlon Mar 29, 2017, 11:36am EDT share tweet Linkedin Photo by Vjeran Pavic / The Verge Samsung’s new virtual assistant, Bixby, is a different sort of thing than what you’re used to. Where Siri, Google, and Alexa are focused on collecting and understanding information out on the internet and then answering your questions about it, Bixby is trying to help you use your own phone. Samsung’s goal is to make it so that if you don’t want to, you don’t have to touch your device at all — “anything you can do with touch, you can do with voice” is the common refrain we’ve heard from them. That’s an awfully ambitious goal, though, and it’s nowhere near complete. Right now, Bixby offers a much smaller subset of that goal — it only works with 10 or so of Samsung’s own Android apps — so we’ll need to wait to see how it’s updated over time. On stage, Samsung said that it will work with Google Play Music and other third-party apps — and really emphasized how it will work with Samsung Connect smart home devices. But the funny thing about Bixby is that it actually does way more than that simplistic pitch. It actually consists of three different components that are all interrelated. Bixby Voice: talk instead of touch Read more about the Galaxy S8 After the smoke clears: inside Samsung’s quest for redemption Hands-on video, photos, and impressions of the S8 and S8 Plus Samsung Galaxy S8 price will start at $720 — here's how to buy Samsung's Galaxy S8 can turn into a PC with its DeX dock Galaxy S8 announcement: all of the news from Samsung’s launch event This is the headline feature for Bixby, and we know that it can work in at least the following Samsung apps: phone, messaging, settings, camera, reminder, contacts, and gallery. In those apps, instead of trying to find the thing you want, you can just ask Bixby to do it for you. In a demo Samsung showed us, Bixby was able to rotate a photo, play a video, and even send a video over to a television screen. You just hit the Bixby button, ask it to do a thing, and then it tries to do that thing. There are some cases where Bixby might not be able to fully complete a task. One example might be that you want to send an email, but you need to punch in the address yourself. Samsung says you can mix both voice and touch interactions, doing whatever is appropriate to the context of what you’re doing. You can hold the phone up to your ear to have a “more private” conversation with Bixby, or change the gender sound of its voice. At launch, Bixby will work in US English, and Korean, with Chinese and US Spanish to follow shortly after. Bixby Vision: Augmented reality (for buying stuff) The part of Bixby we did get to test a bit was the Vision aspect. It’s essentially an augmented reality camera that can identify objects in real time and then search for them on various services. You can launch it directly in the camera app or from Bixby Home. Even though it’s not all that dissimilar from stuff we’ve seen before like Google Goggles or Amazon Firefly, Samsung’s implementation seems miles better than the competition. It can translate text, read QR codes, and recognize landmarks. But lots of apps can do those things. Where Bixby excels is combining them all with what seems like pretty decent object recognition right there in your camera app. To use it, you just point it at a thing and wait a tick (or several ticks, depending on the quality of your internet connection). In our tests it recognized flowers and a watch, and it can also recognize stuff like wine labels and books. Samsung has a few specific partners it’s working with — Amazon, Vivino, and Pinterest come to mind — and more are coming. It’s probably my favorite thing Bixby does. Bixby Home: yet another pane of widgets When you swipe over from your home screen or hit the Bixby button, you’ll get taken to Bixby home. It’s a vertically scrolling list of a bunch of information that Bixby can interact with. You’ll find stuff like weather, fitness activity, buttons for controlling your smart home gadgets, and more. Samsung calls it a “social stream for your device,” which sounds nice I suppose, but it also sounds like a lot of other attempts at giving you relevant information on your home screen. It could be super useful or it could be a thing you never bother to look at. Samsung says it will learn from your routine and habits (which is another promise we’ve heard before from other companies, notably Google), so it will all come down to implementation. More to come Bixby can do a smattering of a few other things, like setting reminders based on your location, querying Wolfram Alpha, and more. So the distinction between Bixby and the Google Assistant on the S8 is probably going to get fuzzier as time goes on. Waiting for time to go on is really the main thing we’ll need to so with Bixby. Giving it its very own button before it works with everything you’d want it to is a very bold gamble. If it works out, Samsung will have created a new and interesting user interaction model for its devices, something that will entice users not just to get a pretty phone, but buy into a whole ecosystem. That’s a big if, and to get there Samsung will need to prove it works and prove that people use it. In this Storystream Galaxy S8 announcement: all of the news from Samsung’s launch event Samsung Galaxy S8 preorders are now live Here’s what we know Samsung’s Bixby assistant can do on the Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8 price will start at $720 — here's how to buy View all 26 stories Next Up In Circuit Breaker Samsung Galaxy S8 preorders are now live Samsung’s Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus will be available unlocked from Best Buy in May Pictures don’t do the Galaxy S8 justice The Samsung Galaxy S8 is the first phone with Bluetooth 5.0 Watch Samsung’s Galaxy S8 announcement event in 10 minutes The headphone jack ain’t dead yet Now Trending The 265 members of Congress who sold you out to ISPs, and how much it cost to buy them They betrayed you for chump change This is the Samsung Galaxy S8, coming April 21st Preorders begin March 30th, three weeks before the release date Samsung Galaxy S8 guide reveals dual Bluetooth audio function and more Another last-minute leak adds to what we know about Samsung’s upcoming flagship Samsung Galaxy S8 preorders are now live Samsung's Galaxy S8 can turn into a PC with its DeX dock Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 24. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Cristiano Ronaldo's mangled statue sends the internet into Photoshop frenzy by Rich McCormick Samsung Galaxy S8 preorders are now live by Ashley Carman 6 comments / new Ghost in the Shell review: a solid film built on a broken foundation by Kwame Opam 29 comments / new You can’t buy Congress’s web history — stop trying by Russell Brandom 21 comments / new Samsung’s Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus will be available unlocked from Best Buy in May by Chris Welch 6 comments / new Uber’s weirdest lost items include meat packets, bulletproof vests, and valium by Megan Farokhmanesh 10 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Samsung's Bixby voice agent brings the fight to Alexa and Siri Samsung's late entrant to the voice agent game has a few tricks up its sleeve for determining what you want and integrating into the smartphone experience. By Ross Rubin | March 29, 2017 -- 15:00 GMT (08:00 PDT) | Topic: Artificial Intelligence Samsung plans to embed Bixby in other devices around the home, but it is starting with the smartphone. It may lack the pen of the resurrected Galaxy Note 7, but the narrower screen of the Galaxy S8 is far from its only mode of input. The S8 marks the debut of Bixby, Samsung's voice agent designed to compete head on with Alexa, Cortana, Siri, and Google Assistant, the last of which is also supported by the S8. samsung galaxy S8 Our hands-on first impressions Galaxy S8 escapes the sea of sameness Bixby voice agent brings the fight to Alexa and Siri Samsung's latest smartphone and accessories, in pictures DeX dock: Can it make the virtual desktop a core technology? Video: See IP68 water resistance in action Why I'm not buying the Galaxy S8 this year [CNET] I've written before about how these voice agents seem out of place on desktop PCs. But they are also a bit of a sore thumb on smartphones, the platforms that popularized them. Indeed, part of the appeal of Alexa, which has worked its way back to the phone and even beyond screens, is that its disembodied presence can be accessed from anywhere in the room. Samsung plans to embed Bixby in other devices around the home as well. However, it is starting with the smartphone. Of course, arriving as a latecomer to the game, the agent has had to pick up a few tricks from its rivals, like voice activation and setting reminders. Bixby can also -- like Amazon's Firefly and the ancient Google Goggles -- provide information about products and objects in the camera's view. Bixby, like the Google Translate app, can also translate 50 languages. Yet another part of Bixby is pattern recognition and prompting. This has been addressed by tools such as Google Now, which will, for example, tell you about the traffic times to destinations you frequently travel to. Bixby promises to prompt you to do things that it sees a pattern of. This runs the risk of intrusion, though, so much will lie in the execution. Bixby adds a few features that make it a more integrated into the smartphone experience, including a dedicated button and the ability to interact conversationally with Bixby while the phone is placed up against your ear, much as you would with a human on the other end. But even these strike more as implementation details. The more significant Bixby components are its cognitive awareness, stepping you through queries when it doesn't understand a request instead of shrugging its virtual shoulders. For example, if you say, "Send the last photo I took to my brother," and Bixby doesn't know who your brother is or how to send it, it will ask. More impressively, Samsung claims that Bixby can fully operate the phone to the point where anything you can do with touch you can do with Bixby. Samsung refers to the core features of the phone, but it is pursuing deep integration with third-party apps as well. With Apple's recent acquisition of Workflow and Google looking to integrate Assistant with third parties, we may be looking at the beginning of a post-screen future. Samsung has an opportunity to even further boost Bixby by integrating the work of Viv Labs, which it acquired last year. But its homegrown agent is an ambitious voice agent fray that will be constrained more by Samsung's footprint than a lack of functional merit. VIDEO: Check out the Galaxy S8: Samsung's new flagship Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Cloud ​Xero passes 1 million subscribers, doubles down on AI Artificial Intelligence Microsoft launches Ruuh, yet another AI chatbot CXO ​Worried that robots will take your job? You should be, as they've already cut your pay Innovation ​Cognoa raises $11.6m to advance diagnosis of autism through machine learning × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 30, 2:34 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google Maps Save Your Parking Feature Scrapped From Beta Testing By Corazon Victorino On 03/29/17 AT 11:42 AM Close Google updated its Google Maps app this week to add a feature that enables users to share their location information using links. However, that’s not the only change that Google did to its Maps app. It was found today that the Mountain View giant has abandoned its plan of introducing the Save Your Parking feature to the Maps app.  Android Police reports that the Google Maps 9.49 beta no longer contains the Save Your Parking feature that was supposed to manually save the user’s parking location for future reference. The unofficial feature that Google introduced in beta testing 10 days ago was intended to be a more accurate means of pinning down the user’s parking spot. It even allowed beta testers to add notes, attach photos and set the time limit for metered parking.  A server-side update that went live yesterday removed the Save Your Parking feature and replaced it with the Share Your Location functionality. Hence, when beta testers now click to view the different location options, they only see the following: See Places Near You, Share Your Location, Calibrate Blue Dot Compass and Report Blue Dot Issues.  The removal of the Save Your Parking feature obviously comes as a shock to beta testers as it offered a better means of locating parked vehicles than Google’s regular method of saving parking information. The latter relies only on estimates in determining where one could have possibly stopped driving his or her vehicle. Android Headlines also pointed out that the defunct feature had the advantage of showing notifications that users could access anytime until they made their safe return to their parked car.  Given that Google never made an official announcement about the Save Your Parking feature for the Maps app, it’s still possible that it continues to be in development. Android Police says it’s possible that the developers working on the feature may have stumbled upon a bug that prompted them to disable it temporarily as they work on a fix for it. Should this really be the case, users can expect the unofficial feature to reappear in the next beta version of Google Maps.  Google has decided to scrap an upcoming Maps app feature. Photo: Reuters/Kim Hong-Ji Related Stories Google For iOS Updated With New Widget, Keyboard Feature Google Maps Update Allows Location Sharing Using Links Google To Introduce Its Google Assistant In UK Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business Climate-Related Terms Not Wanted At DOE A supervisor told some staffers at the Department of Energy they should avoid using terms like climate change, emissions reduction and Paris agreement. Technology ‘The Witness’ Dev Is Working On A New Game Game designer Jonathan Blow just announced on social media that he and his team are currently looking for an animator for their new game. World Scientists Discover Unexpected Behavior In Creation Of Entangled Photons For the longest time, scientists thought that entangled particles emerged from the same point in space. New observations challenge this belief. National NASA’s Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter Completes 50,000 Orbits The spacecraft began studying Mars from an orbital perspective in 2006, and images taken from its Context Camera now cover over 99 percent of the red planet. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... The new Google Maps location sharing can share your location via links Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/03/28 2:48pm PDTMar 28, 2017 47 Plus 1 on G+ 80 Share on Facebook 61 Share on Twitter Total Shares188 Applications Google News Google started rolling out the new location sharing feature in Google Maps today, which is vastly more streamlined than the old method. You can share your location with a contact, of course, but there's more to it. You can also create links that share your location, and they come with all the same controls as contact sharing. To create a link, simply set the length of time you want your location shared and pick an app. Choosing a contact simply connects directly to their account, but using the "More" button at the bottom (or the shortcut next to it) creates a link. They're all "maps.app.goo.gl" URLs. You can do whatever you want with the link—email it, share it in a message, even tweet it. I don't know why you would do that, but you can. The links are managed just like connections to contacts. You can deactivate them at any time and view the current status in Maps. Each one is also unique, so you can set different lengths of time for different links. It's a bit similar to the photo sharing links built into Google Photos. Neat, right? Download: Maps (Play Store) Tags apps Google location location sharing maps subscribe ... Previous Story [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, ... ... Next Story V-Moda's Crossfade Wireless 2 headphones are more comfortable, better sounding, and last longer Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments Simps I checked 20 minutes a go and it wasn't available. It is now enabled for me. In the UK. The app never updated. Artem Russakovskii Yeah, it's a server side change. Total Insecurity I think you can force it, though. Here in Germany in German language I got it by doing the following: "[On my other phone] it could get activated by signing out and in again. Then you need to press the new widget and it should appear. Maybe try deleting a your cache like I did before as well! All you need to do is: Go to widgets in Android, add and click on the share location widget​." Dirge LOL. No need to jump through hoops. Just clear google map's cache and force stop, then open it again and viola! It is there. Total Insecurity Not everyone made that experience, I think. But you could be right, though. :) Ian Kumlien If you select settings from the three buttons on the right side, you can select which circles to share with but the settings can't be saved apparently demarcmj That is probably a remnant from G+. When I first went to that settings page yesterday, it complained at me that I needed a G+ profile. But today that went away and it's working. I imagine that circle sharing will probably go away entirely. Shaques So if you're sharing via a contact and not a link, that person needs to have Google Maps installed on their device (mainly thinking iOS) for it to work properly otherwise they apparently receive an email. Midas Gordon-Farleigh I think they'll need to be logged into their Google account too, obviously. I have many contacts that I can invite that definitely use Google maps, but haven't logged in - more particularly on iOS where it's not linked to the OS. Morten Ulv Just tested, no need to be logged in. JG Does it work on the web as well? If so iOS (and the few WP users) could access your location via maps.google.com via their web browser of choice without having to install Google Maps app... bulletmark Location sharing in the G+ app was poorly implemented and the web view was hopeless. This new native implementation in Maps seems to work great though, both on mobile and the web. F4LL0U7 Yeah even Latitude wasn't implemented so well. Let's hope this is something they stick with, and don't abandon it like they tend to do. demarcmj Agree, but Latitude was at least implemented better than G+ Rod Just got it. (Brazil) http://i.imgur.com/T13JaqD.png Carson Saldanha Before us US folks? Unacceptable! /s Rod Haters gonna hate. Dirge I'm in the US and I got it around Noon, Pacific Time. René Simonsen Would like to know how it works on the receiving end. Is that part integrated into Google Maps too? Can I share my location with an iOS user, and will he easily keep track of my location in his Google Maps app? ericshmerick iOS works as well, appeared on my iPhone a few hours ago. Should be platform independent as it's using Google's services/account to communicate. Giampi Working very well. I would like a persistent notification when sharing although. F4LL0U7 The option to have it would be good. They have that in Trusted Contacts. But for those of us who share indefinitely with a spouse, that would get annoying, so it would be good to be able to turn it off. Jennifercalvarez Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dy142c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !dy142c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs442ShopPageGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dy142c:....,...... Benjamin Pavel When this activated they also turned off the G+ location sharing...that sucks as I've had my mother and my cousin on there and it seems these shared locations are not transitioning to this new system which sucks! Biff Wonsley Yeah, you're gonna have to set them up again from scratch. Oddly, my G+ location sharing widget is still working, even though location sharing in my Maps is live. I know where my wife is, she doesn't know where I am. Even though she's sitting right next to me. F4LL0U7 Sharing via a link is a great idea. Does your location have a persistent link? Like, could my wife and I bookmark each other's locations on our desktops? Or would we have to share to a link and bookmark that? codemonkey85 If it's your wife, why even deal with links if you can share directly through Google accounts? But anyway, the links you generate are persistent, same as Photos sharing links... until they are revoked. F4LL0U7 We are sharing that way, I'm just wondering if there's a permalink directly to the user's location, (if someone is sharing with you) for bookmarking purposes. demarcmj I think I saw something in the video they put out that said sharing via link was limited to a certain duration. Can't be set as "ongoing." JG They're all "maps.app.goo.gl" URLs. You can do whatever you want with the link—email it, share it in a message, even tweet it. I don't know why you would do that, but you can. A food truck might want to tweet a link to their location so fans could come get food... create812 I can imagine some people will come up with clever and creative uses of this feature. mwolverine If my wife and I share location with each other (until we turn it off), will this be a massive battery drain? Rod Yes. GPS + location download/upload Jeroen Kap My guess: no. Your smartphone updates your location by default on standard times. I think this will benefit from that information. Only when you force a refresh in Maps it will gain new location data Rod Sure about that? Because then, it won't be exactly "live" tracking.. KappadeX That (actual battery and GPS use) will be the case when you navigate. And send the ETA link to a friend. I was assuming you meant the daily location sharing. The Pool Man I have this exact question too. demarcmj No more than usual. Your phone doesn't check location any more or less than it normally would. It just shares whatever your most recent location was. The only additional battery implications are the sharing part of it, but that's not a lot of data to transfer. Tomáš Petrík I hope they will add a feature to turn on/off the layer with the contact heads on the map, just like I can turn on/off traffic, satellite, etc. Sure, when I want to check where somebody is, I will enable that and look. But I don't want the icons in the map permanently (from family members who share the location indefinitely). demarcmj Yea that'd be nice. When it was Latitude, they had it implemented as a layer, like satellite or traffic, so it could do just that. HSidhu The sad part is that you have to turn on location history. groid Is location history required to be able to use this? I know you are asked to turn it on when setting up the sharing, but does it have to stay on? I really don't want to keep location history on and I have no use for timeline or any other location history feature. HSidhu I think it should be ON all the time but you should try turning it OFF and see if it still tells you your friend's location. let us know too. Matt Terk My Maps app crashes every time I try to enable Location Sharing, either by link or through the menu. Anyone else experienced this? Wiped cache/davlik, on PureNexus 7.1.1 Shamu, I am in the beta for Maps. Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 12 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 199 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 240 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 3 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 22 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 66 1 Year Ago Today Amazon Updates Its Policies To Ban USB Type-C Cables That Are Not Fully Spec Compliant 2016/03/29 8:29pm PDTMar 29, 2016 95 2 Years Ago Today Upbeat Monsters Icon Pack Fills Your Homescreen With Adorable Googly-Eyed Apps 2015/03/29 11:57am PDTMar 29, 2015 79 3 Years Ago Today Rumor: Google Now Will Help You Remember, Pay Your Bills [APK Teardown] 2014/03/29 11:55am PDTMar 29, 2014 69 4 Years Ago Today [New App] BBQScreen Mirrors Your Display On A Computer At 25FPS (Root Only) 2013/03/29 7:31pm PDTMar 29, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today WSJ: Google To Open Online Store This Year, Will Sell Tablets Independently Of Retailers (Perhaps With The Launch Of Jellybean) 2012/03/29 8:56pm PDTMar 29, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today Get Your Credit Cards Ready - Android In-App Billing System Now Live (P.S. Devs, No More Separate Lite/Paid Apps, Please) 2011/03/29 8:34pm PDTMar 29, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Upgrade Your Android Phone's External Storage With A-Data Turbo 16GB Class 6 MicroSD Card - Review And Benchmarks 2010/03/29 11:15pm PDTMar 29, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 111 queries | 0.313s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Cloud services compared, or why I’m all-in on Apple but not on iCloud Trending in Apple Comment: I don’t believe Apple is dumb enough to move the Touch ID sensor to the back Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1: Original content, revamped apps, more Beats, live events & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: A spring iPad event now seems unlikely, but that 10.5-inch iPad is probably still real Trending in Apple Opinion: The new low-cost iPad is further evidence of a new approach to Apple’s pricing Trending in Apple What’s next for Siri: Apple’s advantage for its Echo/Google Home competitor Yesterday AAPL: 144.12 0.32 Cloud services compared, or why I’m all-in on Apple but not on iCloud Ben Lovejoy - Mar. 29th 2017 8:23 am PT @benlovejoy Feature iCloud Dropbox Google Drive Microsoft OneDrive View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit I’ve been an Apple guy since forever. I bought the very first Macintosh back in 1984. My current mobile technology line-up is a 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, 11-inch MacBook Air (now just a backup Mac), 9.7-inch iPad Pro and an iPhone SE. I’m all-in on Apple, and the ecosystem is a large part of that. Things may not always Just Work, but the Apple ecosystem gets closer to that than anyone else. However, while I do make some use of iCloud, I’m not all-in on Apple’s cloud storage. In this piece, I compare the main cloud services out there, and finally describe the mix-and-match approach I use to get what I consider to be the best of all worlds … Anker braided Lightning cables There are, of course, an almost infinite number of players out there. Some of the smaller services have their benefits and their fans, but I’m focusing here on the major players for one crucial reason: you don’t want to entrust your data to a company that may be here today, gone tomorrow. Cloud storage is one area where I only trust the big boys because they aren’t going to disappear overnight. You could argue that Google Drive might be an exception. The company is notorious for launching services with much fanfare and then quietly shuttering them some way down the line. But Google isn’t going to risk its reputation by closing a core service, and one for which migrating services would be a major hassle. Another reason to stick to major services is we can be confident in their fallback plans. Smaller services may have super-robust backup regimes, but I wouldn’t rely on this. The big companies have extensive mirroring systems. That doesn’t mean any of them are infallible. You should never depend on any cloud service as your sole backup. But the big four will be a safer bet than a smaller company. I’m also excluding Amazon Drive, because it forces you to use its own top-level directory structure (Documents, Pictures, Videos) rather than allowing you to mirror or choose your own, and because its Mac and iOS apps suck. Let’s start with Apple’s own offering, iCloud. iCloud Monthly pricing 5GB: Free 50GB: $0.99 200GB: $2.99 1TB: $9.99 2TB: $19.99 No annual plans available. Pros iCloud is the obvious solution to anyone who exclusively uses Apple kit. In principle, it meets the Just Works criteria: activate it on all your devices, and you get easy access to all your data – from calendar, notes and photos through to iWork documents. Your iOS devices also get automatically backed-up to iCloud at the flick of a virtual switch. It requires no setup, no effort. You also a bigger range of storage tier options than other services, from 50GB at the lower end to 2TB at the top end. Cons If you need the 1TB option, which is the most likely tier for those making substantial use of cloud storage, iCloud is a little more expensive than most competitors given that Apple offers no discounted annual subscription. iCloud seems to suffer more outages than competing services, and can be glitchy. At the trivial end of the scale, it can take several minutes for a new file or edit on one device to show up on others; at the more serious end, it can cause chaos if you have more than one Mac with different sized drives. Finally, iCloud is clunky to use from non-Apple devices. Dropbox In my view, the service against which all others must be compared. Monthly pricing 2GB: Free 1TB: $9.99 2TB: $12.50 Unlimited: $20/user on business plans Discounts available for annual subscriptions. Pros For me, the crucial benefit of Dropbox is speed and reliability. I’ve tried all the main services over the years, and Dropbox has always been 100% reliable and has consistently synced within seconds. That’s a killer feature right there, in my view. It’s also really easy to use – just create a Dropbox folder and drag-and-drop things into it. If you want your entire Mac online, just put all your document folders inside your Dropbox folder, and they will then be available locally and in the cloud. Dropbox also provides a really easy way to share both files and folders with people: simply copy them into your public folder and right-click to get a link you can share via email or IM. Cons There are no storage tiers between the free 2GB and the $9.99/month 1TB level – though you can earn extra storage through referrals. There are no real-time collaboration tools. Google Drive A no-brainer place to store your iPhone photo backups. Monthly pricing 15GB: Free, plus unlimited free storage for up to 16MP photos 100GB: $1.99 1TB: $9.99 10TB: $99.99 Discounts available for annual subscriptions. Pros Google Drive gives you a generous 15GB free, and it also adds unlimited free storage for your Google Docs, Sheets and Slides files – and supports real-time collaboration on these. It also offers a maximum storage tier of a massive 10TB – though at a much stiffer price than Dropbox’s $20/user/month for unlimited storage. But the killer feature of Google Drive is that you get completely free storage of photos up to 16MP. That means that you can store absolutely all of your iPhone and iPad photos in full resolution completely free of charge! Use the Google Photos app to automatically backup photos to Google Drive and you don’t even have to think about it. You also get unlimited free storage of videos, but only at 1080p, not 4K. Cons The main drawback of Google Drive – and the reason I rejected it as my own primary cloud storage service – is that uploads are slow. It doesn’t matter how fast your broadband connection, files just drag themselves onto the drive reluctantly. Single files are no problem, but as soon as you find yourself uploading a whole folder of larger files, be prepared to wait a while. Microsoft OneDrive As you’d expect, this is primarily aimed at Windows and Office users. Monthly pricing 5GB: Free 50GB: $1.99 1TB: $6.99 Top tier comes with a free Office 365 subscription, and you can earn extra storage through referrals Pros If you’re an Office user who likes to have ongoing access to the latest versions, OneDrive is a bargain – offering a free Office 365 subscription for less than competing services charge for their 1TB tier without freebies. It also offers real-time collaboration on Office documents. Cons Office is only licensed for a single Mac, iPad and iPhone, so you’re out of luck if you use more than one of any of these. Also, although your OneDrive documents are available to multiple devices, if you accidentally delete one, you can only retrieve it from the device on which you deleted it – so not ideal for those who work from one device at home and another while mobile. Neither Mac nor iOS apps are great. Really, this is a service designed for Windows users – and it feels like it. My mix-and-match approach I have a 50GB iCloud account, and use iCloud for my core services. My calendar and notes are on iCloud, and I greatly value having (mostly) seamless access to these between devices. I use Messages and FaceTime as my primary chat and audio/video call apps. I also use iCloud as the primary backup for my iPhone and iPad, though I also do occasional encrypted backups to iTunes, especially before upgrading devices. I use Google Photos to automatically backup my photos. I have the Google Photos app running on all my devices – iPhone, iPad and Mac – and find it fantastic to have unlimited storage free of charge. To me, this is an absolute n0-brainer. But my primary cloud storage service is a 1TB Dropbox account. On my Mac, my Dropbox sits at the top-level in my account folder, and everything else is stored in sub-folders within this. This means that all of my documents and media are available to me on any device, including on the web. I’ve used it for several years now, and as I said earlier, have found it 100% reliable and super-fast to sync. Finally, I’m a huge believer in belt-and-braces. When I’m working on something important, like a novel, I copy it to multiple places. It already sits on Dropbox automatically, but I also make manual copies to iCloud and to my (free) Google Drive account. What about you? Do share your own approach to cloud services in the comments. Top image: Dollarphotoclub Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides iCloud View THe Guide Dropbox View THe Guide Google Drive View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Pixel vs Pixel XL: What's the difference? Britta O'Boyle29 March 2017Phones Samsung / Google Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Samsung's latest Galaxy Unpacked event has revealed the next Galaxy S devices in the form of the S8 and the S8+. The two devices have been the subject of rumours for several months but now all the leaks and speculation has been put to rest with the official details all available. The big question is, how do they compare to their competition? Here is the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus stacked up against the Pixel and Pixel XL. You can also read our separate features on how they compare to the LG G6, as well as how they compare to their predecessors, the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. Samsung Galaxy S8 preview Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus preview Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Pixel vs Pixel XL: Design S8 and S8+ have slimmer bezels   S8 and S8+ IP68 waterproof All devices have rear fingerprint sensor, USB Type-C and 3.5mm headphone jack The Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus feature an identical design, but differ in terms of physical size. They retain the glass and metal sandwich build that saw the S6 and S7 devices rise to success, but the home button has been ditched in favour of an almost all-screen front and pressure-sensitve controls built into the lower section of their displays instead.  The S8 and S8 Plus offer similar dimensions to the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge despite a screen increase, with the S8 measuring 148.9 x 68.1 x 8mm and the S8 Plus measuring 159.5 x 73.4 x 8.1mm. The fingerprint sensor has been repositioned to the rear of the devices and Samsung has retained the 3.5mm headphone jack, while also introducing USB Type-C. The Google Pixel and Pixel XL also offer the same design as each other, except for size. Both have a primarily metal body with the top third of their rear featuring a glass panel. The Pixel is the smaller of the two, measuring 143.8 x 69.5mm, while the Pixel XL measures 154.7 x 75.8mm. Both are between 7.3 and 8.5mm thick and they both have larger bezels around the display than the S8 and S8 Plus do. A circular fingerprint sensor is positioned on the rear of both the Pixel and Pixel XL and they both come with a 3.5mm headphone jack and USB Type-C. Google's devices come in three colour options, as do Samsung's in the UK. Samsung's are also IP68 waterproof, while the Pixel devices are not puddle or pool friendly. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Pixel vs Pixel XL: Display S8 and S8+ displays both larger than Pixel and Pixel XL S8 and S8+ both curved with 18.5:9 aspect ratios S8 and S8+ both have at least Quad HD+ resolutions The Samsung Galaxy S8 features a curved 5.8-inch AMOLED display, while the S8 Plus has a curved 6.2-inch AMOLED screen. As we mentioned above, the footprint of both devices remains similar to their predecessors, which is thanks to the 18.5:9 aspect ratio over the typical 16:9 ratio, making the new displays taller but not wider in order to offer a larger display diagonally. Resolution on both Samsung devices is Quad HD+, which translates to 2960 x 1440 pixels, which is a pixel density of 570ppi on the Galaxy S8 and 529ppi on the Galaxy S8+. The two devices also have Mobile HDR Premium on board, which has been certified by the Ultra HD Alliance. The Pixel has a 5-inch display with a Full HD resolution for a pixel density of 440ppi, while the Pixel XL has a 5.5-inch display with a Quad HD resolution, resulting in 534ppi. The Samsung devices are therefore both be larger than the two Pixel handsets, as well as sharper in the case of the Galaxy S8 and similar in the case of the S8+ and Pixel XL. Both Pixels also opt for AMOLED panels like the Samsung devices, but both have flat displays rather than curved. The do both have 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass however. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Galaxy S7: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Pixel vs Pixel XL: Camera All devices have 12MP rear camera, 8MP front S8 and S8 Plus have OIS and Bixby Vision S8 and S8 Plus have auto-focus on front The Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus feature a 12-megapixel Duo Pixel camera on the rear, coupled with an 8-megapixel front-facing camera. Both have an aperture of f/1.7 and the rear camera on both integrates a new visual search feature called Bixby Vision that allows users to scan things with the devices then returning information results or shopping options. The front camera on the S8 and S8+ also features auto-focus rather than fixed and the two Samsung devices also have iris scanning capabilities. Additionally, the rear cameras use multi-frame image processing, meaning three images are taken and the information combined to produce one image with more detail. The Pixel and Pixel XL both have a 12.3-megapixel rear camera with 1.55µm pixels, along with an aperture of f/2.0 and a combination of phase detection and laser detection. There is no optical image stabilisation however. On the front of the two Pixel devices, there is an 8-megapixel snapper with 1.4µm pixels and an aperture of f/2.4. It features fixed focus so while Samsung offers the same resolution, it offers improvements in the focusing department. Google Pixel review Google Pixel XL review Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Pixel vs Pixel XL: Hardware S8 and S8 Plus offer faster processor Larger respective battery capacities on S8 and S8 Plus All have USB Type-C and 3.5mm headphone jack The Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus come with either the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 or the Exynos 8895, depending on region. All models will offer 4GB of RAM, 64GB of internal storage and microSD support for expansion. There is a 3000mAh battery capacity under the hood of the S8 and a 3500mAh capacity for the S8 Plus, both of which are charged via USB Type-C and support both fast charging and wireless charging. As mentioned previously, the 3.5mm headphone jack has also been retained. The Pixel and Pixel XL both run on the Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chip, like the LG G6, coupled with 4GB of RAM and a choice between 32GB of internal storage, or 128GB. Neither offer microSD support for storage expansion. The Pixel has a 2770mAh battery, while the Pixel XL has a 3450mAh battery, both of which are charged via USB Type-C. The two Google devices also have the 3.5mm headphone jack, as we said above. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Pixel vs Pixel XL: Software Pixel and Pixel XL have Google Assistant  S8 and S8+ have Bixby assistant Quicker software updates on Pixel and Pixel XL The Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus both launch on Android Nougat with Samsung's TouchWiz software over the top, meaning a little more bloatware on top of vanilla Android. A new Samsung AI system called Bixby is present on both devices, launched via a dedicated button on the left hand side of the two handsets, and the S8 and S8+ also offer Google Assistant support. The Pixel and Pixel XL both run on pure Android Nougat with no bloatware so they will be the first to receive any updates, while also offering a refined experience. They are Android's poster boys and they feature Google Assistant built-in. What is Google Assistant, how does it work, and which devices offer it? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Pixel vs Pixel XL: Price Pixel devices cheaper Samsung devices come with AKG headphones  The Samsung Galaxy S8 will retail at £689, while the Galaxy S8+ will cost £779. They come with AKG headphones in the box and pre-orders are open now with general availability starting 28 April. The Google Pixel starts at £599, while the Pixel XL starts at £719. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Pixel vs Pixel XL: Conclusion The Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus feature larger, sharper displays, more powerful hardware, larger battery capacities and a more exciting design than the two Pixel devices. The Google Pixel and Pixel XL are fantastic smartphones though and although they might not have a curved display, or the latest processor, they do have a pure Android software experience, along with an excellent camera. We will update this feature when we have reviewed the S8 and S8 Plus to see how these two devices compare to the Pixel devices in the real world rather than just on the spec sheet. It is also worth remembering that the Pixel 2 will be due in the next few months so you might want to wait if you're leaning more towards Pixel. Google Pixel 2: What do we want to see? Sections Samsung Google Phones Samsung Galaxy S8 launch: What was announced and can you still watch Galaxy Unpacked 2017? When is Android 7.1.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Best smartphones 2017: The best phones available to buy today Samsung Galaxy S8: Release date, specs and everything you need to know Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint What is Bixby? Samsung's smart AI explained Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Galaxy S7 edge: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Galaxy S7: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs LG G6: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8: Release date, specs and everything you need to know Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Pixel vs Pixel XL: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs S6 vs S6 edge: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ courageously removes home button, conveniently keeps headphone jack Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus preview: 6-inches plus, but perfectly manageable What is Bixby? Samsung's smart AI explained Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Galaxy S7 edge: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Galaxy S7: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs LG G6: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8: Release date, specs and everything you need to know What is Facebook Stories and how does it work? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Pixel vs Pixel XL: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs S6 vs S6 edge: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ courageously removes home button, conveniently keeps headphone jack Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Google Home and WiFi cross the pond (to the UK) 03/28/2017 at 4:09 PM by Brad Linder 3 Comments Google’s smart home products aren’t just for the United States anymore. The company has announced that its Google Hom smart speaker and Google WiFi mesh networking router devices are heading to the UK, where they’ll be available starting April 6th. Google Home is also learning some new tricks, thanks to support for additional smart home products. For example, you can now use voice commands with Google Home to control smart light bulbs, fans, and thermostats from TP-Link, LIFX, Wink, and Best Buy’s Insignia Brand. Google Home will be available from the UK version of the Google Store next month for £129, as well as from select UK retailers. Google WiFi, meanwhile, will cost £129 for a single router or £229 for a 2-pack of routers which are meant to help provide whole-home WiFi by connecting to one another to spread your internet connection to places that normal routers have trouble reaching. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Leave a Reply 3 Comments on "Google Home and WiFi cross the pond (to the UK)" Login with Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Member Jeff Harris Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Blimey! Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 1 day 7 hours ago Guest Warren Maddoff Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. How will it be understand all those strange accents and dialecst that people use over there — Cockney, Brummie, Scouse, Geordie, Glaswegian etc? Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 1 day 6 hours ago Member Bill Smith Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. We have a variety of accents and dialects in the United States too. Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 17 hours 20 minutes ago Latest News Linux 4.11 brings improvements for Intel Atom PCs (Bay Trail and Cherry Trail) If you've tried installing Ubuntu or other GNU/Linux-based operating systems on … [Read More...] MSI launches Trident 3 VR-ready, console-sized gaming PC MSI is following up last year's Trident gaming computer with a new model called … [Read More...] Unannounced Asus Zenbook Flip UX370 hits the FCC An unannounced convertible notebook from Asus has passed through the FCC … [Read More...] Deals Deals of the Day (3-29-2017) I'm writing this article on an Acer Aspire S 13, which I picked up last year … [Read More...] Featured articles What’s new in Android O? Google has released the first developer preview for Android O, the next major … [Read More...] Say hello to Liliputing’s new commenting system For the past 9 years, Liliputing's comment system has been powered by Disqus. … [Read More...] Gemini PDA is like a tiny Android/Linux laptop with premium specs (crowdfunding) Are physical keyboards for mobile devices making a comeback? TCL and BlackBery … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. You are going to send email to Send Move Comment Move
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection CNET On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Computer Accessories Networking Samsung Connect Home Samsung Connect Home: A Google Wifi clone with a SmartThings twist March 29, 2017 8:00 AM PDT 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 Looking for something with the easy installation of a Google Wifi or Eero mesh router system, but with a SmartThings hub built in? You'll be able to get one soon. Samsung Galaxy S8 launch Samsung Galaxy S8 looks amazing, but we have big questions Samsung Galaxy S8 gives Samsung a second chance Everything announced at Samsung Unpacked Samsung announced its first Wi-Fi system today, the Samsung Connect Home. This is a midtier (2x2 MU-MIMO 802.11ac) system that's very similar to the Google Wifi, or the Eero for that matter. It includes up to three identical hardware units (it is also available with a single router), each of which is a compact wireless router with two network ports. If you get a pack of three, one unit connects to your broadband modem and the rest of the units work as network extenders, making a seamless Wi-Fi network with a large coverage area. In similar products with this design, the goal has been to make it easier for the average consumer to cover an entire home with a strong wireless networking signal. An all-in-one mobile app Like other Wi-Fi systems, the Connect Home is connected to a mobile app you use to set up and manage your home network. Samsung says at launch the app, called Samsung Connect, is only available for the newly released Galaxy S8. Toward the end of the year it will be available on other Android devices and maybe even iOS devices, too. Samsung has some big ambitions for this app, however. Apart from managing the Wi-Fi network it will also enable users to manage -- including the setup process -- Samsung-branded smart household devices, ranging from cameras to large appliances. The router also works as a hub for Samsung's SmartThings home automation system, and the app will let you program and control SmartThings-compatible devices from third-party product makers. Each Samsung Smart Connect home hardware unit is compact and has two network ports. Joshua Goldman/CNET The SmartThings twist This unified approach has been a long time coming. Since Samsung acquired SmartThings in August 2014, this is the first time Samsung has united its own connected large appliances with SmartThings-compatible products in the same hub hardware and support application. This means you won't need a separate SmartThings Hub anymore. Samsung says the new Connect Home has built-in Zigbee and Z-Wave -- popular light-weight wireless standards for home automation -- and is compatible with hundreds of third-party smart home devices, such as Philips Hue Lights, Netgear Arlo Camera and Ring Video Doorbell. If the device and the software work as expected, you will just need the Connect Home to control your entire home, and have Wi-Fi at every corner. It's a win-win. Samsung Connect Home and Connect Home Pro specs Samsung Connect Home (single unit or pack of 3) Samsung Connect Home Pro (single unit) Wireless specs Wi-Fi, Blutooth 4.1, ZigBee and Z-Wave Wi-Fi, Blutooth 4.1, ZigBee and Z-Wave Wi-Fi standard 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wave 2 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wave 2 Wi-Fi speeds AC1300 (866 Mbps on 5GHz and 400 Mbps on 2.4GHz) AC2600 (1,733 Mbps on 5GHz and 800 Mbps on 2.4GHz) Range Up to 1,500 square feet (single device) or up to 4,500 square feet (pack of 3) Up to 1,500 square feet Processor 710MHz Quad Core 1.7GHz Dual Core Memory 512MB of RAM, 4GB of flash 512MB of RAM, 4GB of flash Availability Apart from the 2x2 version of the Connect Home, Samsung will also have a Pro version that's only available in a single unit for those living in a small home. The Connect Home Pro has the same physical size as a Connect Home unit but supports the top-tier Wi-Fi specs (4x4 MU-MIMO 802.11ac). It's slated to be much faster though and has the same Wi-Fi coverage as a single unit of the Connect Home. As of now, Samsung is tight-lipped about the availability and pricing of its new mesh systems. But it's likely that they will be available by the second half of 2017. Best Smart Home Devices of 2017 See All Amazon Echo Starting at: $179.99 Amazon's smart speaker was arguably the breakout product of 2015. Now, for 2016, we're... Lifx Color 1000 Smart Bulb Starting at: $99.43 The second-gen Lifx Color 1000 is best at brightness, efficiency, color quality and ease... Philips Hue Wireless Dimming Kit Starting at: $34.38 Leave your phone in your pocket -- for $40, the Philips Hue Wireless Dimming Kit gives... BeOn Starter Pack Starting at: $129.00 BeOn's smart LEDs promise to fool burglars into thinking that you're home and will work...   Discuss: Samsung Connect Home Conversation powered by Livefyre Where to Buy Samsung Connect Home Part Number: CNETSamsungConnectHome Visit manufacturer site for details. About The Author facebook twitter google Dong Ngo CNET editor Dong Ngo has been involved with technology since 2000, starting with testing gadgets and writing code for CNET Labs' benchmarks. He now manages CNET San Francisco Labs, reviews 3D printers, networking/storage devices, and also writes about other topics from online security to new gadgets and how technology impacts the life of people around the world. CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Transformers Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Samsung goes after Google, Apple, Amazon and your home with new voice assistant Bixby Arjun Kharpal | @ArjunKharpal 16 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Voice assistants have been all the rage in the past few months, and when Samsung took the wraps off its flagship Galaxy S8 smartphone, it also acquainted the world with Bixby. It's Samsung's attempt to take on the likes of Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa and Google Assistant in a move described by one analyst as the "most important" in the company's history. Technology giants are in a race to take the lead in voice, which is seen as one of the key ways people will be interacting with not only their phones, but all connected devices, particularly in the home. The house has become the latest battleground, and Samsung's entrance is significant because it's the world's largest smartphone player and is a massive manufacturer of TVs and appliances. At Wednesday's launch event for the Galaxy S8, the company showed what Bixby could do, which will be limited at the start then grow. Users can take a picture of something such as a monument and Bixby can recognize the place and provide information about it. Bixby also can handle complex requests such as finding all the pictures in your photo album that were taken in London. Devin Hance | CNBC CNBC: Galaxy S8 Competition is intense from Samsung's rivals, including Google Assistant which will be on the S8 because it runs Android. But Jean-Daniel Ayme, Samsung's corporate vice president for mobile in Europe, said the fact that Bixby is so integrated with the S8 will set it apart. "It's not only about searching the web, it's about interfacing with your phone. So ultimately it will be able to use every interaction possible, everything you will be able to do on your phone with your finger you will be able to do with Bixby and much more," Ayme told CNBC. "The integration we will have is deeper than anybody else will be able to do. The integration with the camera will be much deeper as we are the hardware manufacturer. In the camera you can use Bixby vision without going out of the camera interface, that is something that will be different." Indeed, Bixby currently has features many of its rivals don't. Samsung will be hoping to build on that through technology from Viv, a company it acquired. Viv was founded by the inventors of Siri. Samsung has not said how Viv will influence future versions of Bixby, but it will be crucial. Bixby is also about the home and the internet of things. Amazon made the first move in IoT when it released the Echo in 2014, a smart speaker able to link up with internet-connected devices. Google Home is the search giant's version while Apple has an app called HomeKit on its devices. show chapters What we know about Samsung's S8 launch    Wednesday, 29 Mar 2017 | 1:04 AM ET | 02:13 The Samsung Connect app, the South Korean giant's offering, was unveiled at the S8 launch, allowing users to control a number of internet-connected devices. "We think that the smartphone can be a gateway to all this ecosystem, it's the one place you will be able to interact with all these things," Ayme said. Samsung, of course, is one of the world's biggest manufacturers of appliances — refrigerators and washing machines — as well as TVs. These are increasingly becoming internet connected. Bringing the entire ecosystem of Samsung products together could put the company in a position it's never been in before, analysts said. "They are in a much better position than Apple, as Apple does not manufacture appliances. When it comes to connecting to other products, Samsung can start developing the roadmap of this category in line with the phone and Bixby," Francisco Jeronimo, research director of mobile devices for Europe at IDC, told CNBC by phone. "That is an ecosystem no other company in the world is as well-positioned as Samsung to lead." Of course, Samsung is up against the might of its rivals, particularly Google, which has a trove of user data and information, and Amazon, which has been the market leader for some time. Some analysts are skeptical about Samsung's ability to stand out. show chapters Here's a first look at the Samsung Galaxy S8    16 Hours Ago | 01:26 "To truly differentiate with Amazon Alexa or the Google Assistant, it has to be more integrated with third-party brands, beyond the few pre-installed apps. We'll see how Samsung leverages its acquisition of Viv over time, but I think the brand will struggle to compete in the longer term with the broader digital ecosystems from Google, Amazon or Apple," Forrester analyst Thomas Husson said in a recent note. Samsung's S8 release comes just months after the Galaxy Note 7 debacle in which it was forced to recall and eventually discontinue because of battery fires. It is still fresh in the mind of consumers, but innovation in areas like voice with Bixby are key to keeping the brand and its devices looking fresh. "Bixby is the most important announcement that Samsung will make in their entire history. If you think about the gigantic problem with Note 7, this is the most challenging time and why it is so crucial for the company to be able to lead the market again in ways they have never led before," Jeronimo said. Correction: This story was revised to correct that the Samsung announcement was Wednesday. Arjun KharpalTechnology Correspondent Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change 593 --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
TechWorld How Microsoft plans to address AI and machine learning challenges News Technology News Development Digital Marketing Hardware IT Services Mobile Networking Open Source Operating Systems Security Small Business Software Storage Unified Comms Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join TechWorld Newsletters RSS Slideshows Videos Zones Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter How Microsoft plans to address AI and machine learning challenges Peter Lee, Microsoft’s research vice president, answers hard questions about artificial intelligence and machine learning Steven Max Patterson (Network World) 30 March, 2017 01:24 - - - - print email Comments Microsoft, Google and IBM face difficult challenges in winning early enterprise adopters of artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML). Microsoft AI Research Vice President Peter Lee shed some like on how Microsoft will meet those challenges when we met at this week’s MIT Technology Review EmTech Digital conference. Lee began with the same explanation that he gave to Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella. Nadella, a former research engineer, does not need to have technology spoon fed to him, but he does need to understand the framework used to manage the future of the vertical industries transferred to the stewardship of Microsoft’s AI group. It is a big bet, amounting to 6,000 employees or one-fourth of the company and includes leading industry businesses such as healthcare, education, automotive, finance and retail. A very big bet on the future of AI, indeed. How Microsoft categorizes AI opportunities Lee divided ML into three tiers for me, as he did for Nadella: Tier 0: The customer can use one of Microsoft’s pretrained models, perhaps adding domain-specific categories. This might be as simple as using Microsoft’s machine translation API to translate comments or to add a domain-specific category such as women’s fashion vocabulary to the translation API service—like eBay did to enable shopping across international markets and different languages. Tier 1: This tier puts tools such as Microsoft’s Cognitive Tool Kit and cloud hardware optimized for ML in the hands of developers who can build a novel and original domain-specific model. This says easy and does hard—in New Jersey parlance—because the task requires experts in ML, computer architecture and system optimization. Lee cited partner UPMC Enterprises, a for-profit division of non-profit healthcare delivery service University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, as an example. Although Lee cannot talk about the details of the model that UPMC is building yet, he did say it will enable physicians to improve their performance and the care they provide to patients. UPMC recruited ML expert Adam Berger, Ph.D. to build a team and lead the project. After the model is created, trained and proven, UPMC plans to market the solution to other healthcare delivery services where Microsoft has 168,000 productivity and IT customers in 140 countries. Pittsburgh is situated at the nexus of a large medical community that has leading teaching hospitals and medical research institutions combined with a leading AI and ML community centered around Carnegie Mellon. Tier 2: Carnegie Mellon University’s Libratus pokerbot that beat poker pros and Google’s AlphaGo-bot that beat Lee Sedol represent the special case of Tier 2, an artificial general intelligence (AGI). AGI is a hypothetical machine intelligence discussed by researchers and sci-fi writers that will be able to perform any intellectual human task. These gamebots represent a narrow AGI in the field of gaming, but this technology is unique because the bots are self-trained and not limited by human experience. Most ML models are trained by scraping human intelligence from photos or other corpora, such as Google’s language translation that was trained by consuming about a third of the public internet. If Libratus was a more traditional type of intelligence, it would have first observed a million poker players playing a billion hands of poker, then applied the observation to train a model based on human behavior. Instead, it learned the rules for winning at poker by experimenting with every possible poker hand. AlphaGo was similarly trained. It startled Sedol with its own invented style of play that was not limited by human intelligence. Lee used Libratus and AlphaGo to explain to Nadella that in narrowly defined cases, AGI is possible. The hard question facing every company delivering ML to the enterprise The supply chain for delivering the benefits of ML to the enterprise has a problem. Lee says machine learning models such as language translation are created by privileged teams of experts. They’re privileged in the sense that they are very skilled in machine learning, linear algebra and probability, and often they have Ph.Ds from top universities. It is a finite expert labor pool concentrated at just a few companies, such as Facebook, Google, IBM and Microsoft. The question to Lee is how to navigate this labor shortage and deliver AI to the enterprise. Hard to build ML models are first proven by advanced researchers, then the models are optimized by ML and computer systems experts to run on today’s underpowered hardware. In the last step, very specialized developers rewrite resource-consuming components with fast native code and optimize them to run cost effectively. ML development tools are complex and methods are immature, which prevents lesser-skilled developers from building models How Microsoft plans to deliver the benefits of AI Tier 0 works today. Microsoft has few thousand customers that use its cloud portfolio of pretrained models, adding features such as natural language processing, text analytics and language translation to existing applications with Microsoft Cognitive Services APIs. Tier 1 is a not as easy because expanding the expert labor pool is not an option, and a mature tool chain enabling less-skilled developers to build models has not yet emerged. Lee says Microsoft will leverage the two decades of Microsoft’s AI research to help partners build original ML models to solve new problems. Lee says this tier is best delivered by partners—partners with domain expertise and ML expertise that can create a new and original model to solve a problem that once proven, could be marketed to an entire industry. This is similar to how the UPMC plans to sell its model to the healthcare industry. Lee wants to invest in a portfolio of vertical industry opportunities like UMPC Enterprises. He is willing to bring the right partners’ engineers into Microsoft’s labs to work shoulder to shoulder with Microsoft researchers to create original models that, once prove, could be stamped out in volume and sold to an entire vertical industry that Lee hopes will use Microsoft’s ML specialized cloud hardware to train and run the models. Though Lee may have a preference for Microsoft’s open source Cognitive Tool Kit, he isn’t opposed to Google’s TensorFlow or Facebook’s Caffe 2 libraries if they are a better fit. That’s because success is measured based on the impact on Microsoft’s cloud business in the post-Ballmer, open-Microsoft cloud era. Tier 2 models will remain a research topic for Microsoft to watch and measure progress towards reaching the long-term goal of AGI. Perhaps in the next five years, more computer science students will learn AI and ML and expand the expert pool. Or the toolchain may mature to enable lesser-skilled developers to build new models. In the meantime, the limited pool of experts will be leveraged to deliver the greatest impact. Join the TechWorld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Microsoft More about eBayFacebookGoogleIBMindeedMellonMicrosoftMITTechnology Editor's Recommendations JavaScript spec adds async functions, shared memory UK defense secretary urges NATO to fend off Russian cyberattacks Nvidia's new Quadro GP100 GPU brings NVLink to Windows computers Microsoft will shrink and speed up Windows 10 updates Oracle's infrastructure business focuses on bare metal to go after AWS TLS 1.3 gets early adoption boost through CloudFlare Related Whitepapers Crossing the Legacy ITSM Chasm: A Risk/Benefits Assessment How to Overcome Today’s Top ITSM Challenges Define Your Services for Fast and Accurate Service Delivery Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Solar power-related jobs in U.S. grew 25% in 2016 Microsoft winds up work on Windows 10 Creators Update Ignorant of cybersecurity risk, breached small businesses are concealing the cost of ... CSO Online Sydney Opera House hosts ‘Samsung Dance Discovery’ 5 active mobile threats spoofing enterprise apps Microsoft stays security bulletins' termination Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld | CIO | CMO | CSO | ARN | CIO Executive Council []
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Hands-On By Hubert Nguyen on 03/29/2017 08:00 PDT The Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ have officially arrived, and everything indicates that it was worth the wait. Samsung has made every effort to make its leading-edge smartphone series “cutting-edge.” The Galaxy S8 takes large-display phones to a whole new level by pushing the industrial design envelope to new heights, building yet a higher barrier to entry. We looked at both phones to evaluate many aspects of the Galaxy S8 and S8+ handsets, so let’s dive deeper into the details to see if that is a perfect handset for YOU. “Infinity” HDR Display: impressive! Without a doubt, the most prominent feature of the Galaxy S8 and S8+ is the display which incredibly covers most of the front of the display. You can see it for yourself, but it simply looks out of this world. It has a ratio that is slightly wider than LG’s 2:1 and has a phenomenal look and image quality. Never has a smartphone display looked so good. "NEVER HAS A SMARTPHONE DISPLAY LOOKED SO GOOD"Phones such as the Aquos Mini SH-M03 and more recently the Xiaomi Mi MIX and of course the LG G6 have pursued this very goal, with LG landing the first real punch by offering a high-volume phone which doesn’t have tradeoffs such as having the camera at the bottom of the phone. The Mi MIX still sold out in 10 seconds, but it is difficult not to say that the Galaxy S8 has the best large-display implementation right now. Not surprisingly, Samsung’s Super-AMOLED displays have been praised by the geekiest reviews out there, and constantly rank as top displays. This level of quality is what you should expect from the Galaxy S8. Both S8 and S8+ are designed for a good one-hand grip (by today’s standard). The S8 an extraordinary 5.8” Quad HD+ (2960×1440, 570 PPI) which is extremely sharp. The Galaxy S8+ is just 1.5 mm narrower than the S7 Edge, but is a little longer. The narrower width improves the grip a little and allows for an impressive 6.2” display (S8+), also in Quad HD+  (2960×1440, 529 PPI). Learn more: LCD vs. OLED. Which is Best And Why? It is no secret that “larger displays” are one of most demanded feature from smartphone buyers. Increasing the display size improves every experience: productivity, entertainment, and photography (capture and slideshows) are three obvious things made better by larger displays. At the same time, people also demand phones that are “compact” and “one-hand friendly.” The solution to that is to increase the phone’s display to body ratio to 83%, a key metric for large-screen portability. LG’s G6 fired the first salvo in that new arms race. Older attempts to introduce large screens such as the Galaxy Mega 6.3 in 2013 or the original Huawei Mate (6.1”) generated some size friction, and the market quickly converged to the general form-factor of the Galaxy S7/S7 edge. Learn more: What is PPI? Learn more: High PPI displays: do you really need them? I wish I still had a Galaxy Mega 6.3 to compare with today’s Galaxy S8+. What a difference a few years make! With the Galaxy S8, Samsung takes an undeniable lead in large-display phones. Additionally, the Samsung Galaxy S8 display is certified for mobile HDR, which means that it is extremely bright and that the phone is capable of decoding HDR content as they were intended to be watched. Industrial Design: best in class The display is only the facade of what is the most advanced industrial design for smartphones. The aesthetic speaks for itself, but even when you look at it from a technical point of view, the Galaxy S8 design is exceptional: it packs a huge amount of computing power and battery capacity in relation to its relatively small internal volume (especially when accounting for the edges’ curvature). Key data: 148.9 x 68.1 x 8.0 mm, 155g (S8) and 159.5 x 73.4 x 8.1 mm, 173g (S8+) This time, there’s no “flat” version of the Galaxy S Series. Samsung has completely transitioned to the “Edge” design that was introduced with the S6 Edge and was so popular that Samsung was caught off-guard during the initial S6 roll out and had to open more S6 Edge production lines. "THE MOST ADVANCED INDUSTRIAL DESIGN"The “edge” design is beautiful, but it can also be a bit controversial to users who do not like the how it feels or complain of touch false-positive. It is true that this kind of issues can occasionally happen (rare in my case), but I never considered it as a real problem. However, that could be a touchy topic worth being aware of. To pack as much screen-area in a chassis that is comparable to the S7 Series, Samsung has to move the fingerprint sensor to the back of the phone (a trend started with the LG G2) and remove the mechanical Home button. However, Samsung did add a “Home button” sensor underneath the screen to preserve the functionality. Well done! Metal and Glass: Premium feel The industrial design is an evolution of the one introduced with the (defunct) Note 7, including the symmetrical curvature (front/back) which successfully improved the grip sensation from the S7 Edge. The front and back are “all glass” and feels very slick to the eyes and very soft when holding the handset — the placement is a bit odd, which is probably why Samsung added the face unlock. We’ll see how it goes as we use it. I think that Samsung went a bit heavy with the branding in the back of the phone, and that removes a little bit of “class” to an otherwise exceptional design. Galaxy S8 and S8+ Side by Side I would argue that the S8 is the most premium-looking industrial design right now. Obviously, it is a matter of preference, but if you factor in the aesthetics and the technical aspects, the Galaxy S8 is far ahead. For example, the excellent Huawei P10 feels great, but it has a 5.1” display and a less powerful computing platform (but a great 3200 mAh battery). I like the P10 better than the iPhone 7, which remains quite good itself but that iPhone design style is getting old. The Google Pixel is also an excellent phone, but the thick top and bottom bezels and the relative bulk of the handset fail to “wow” when it comes to design. The Galaxy S8 extends the design lead already enjoyed by the S7 Series as it combines beauty, large display, chassis compactness and leading computational power in one product. Resilience: IP68 Water and Dust Resistance As it was the case with Galaxy S7, the Galaxy S8 / S8+ are IP68 rated which means that the design is water-resistant with the highest protection available for smartphones. This is a big deal when some statistics show that 50% of phones that meet a violent death, do so because of water contact. In markets like Japan, water-resistance is a mandatory feature because buyers demand it. You should be mindful of the potentially weak resilience of the Galaxy S8/S8+ against shocks. The Galaxy S7 Edge was arguably prone to glass breakage (drop contact) not only because there’s glass everywhere, but the curvature made it more likely to hit hard surfaces during drops. LG has used physical resilience as a selling point with the tough LG V20, and even the glass-laden LG G6 has been designed with some shock-resistance in mind (read our review). It is fair to say that there is always a trade-off between beauty and toughness, and if you ask me, the Galaxy S8 does look better than the LG G6, but I expect the G6 to be a bit tougher upon drops.  We explained the logic of how phones are designed to survive drops when we looked at the V20, The same principles are valid for most phones. If you are clumsy, get a Galaxy S8 case and thank me later. It is a bit of a pity to hide such a beautiful phone, but better be safe than sorry. Samsung has plenty of cases available, including a “bikini” minimalist design that mainly protects the corners (50% of falls happen on corners). Camera: no new hardware, but still great and very fast The Samsung Galaxy S8 camera is based on the same hardware as the Galaxy S7’s. Samsung has confirmed to Ubergizmo that some improvements have been on the software side, although the company did not communicate about specific features during the initial media pitch. We will dig deeper as we get final units. Key camera data 12 Megapixel main camera with OIS Image Stabilization and f1.7 aperture Sony IMX260 12MP sensor with Dual-Pixel AF sensing (probable, but unconfirmed) 8 MP front camera with f1.7 aperture It is important not to underestimate the importance of software in mobile photography. For example, the LG G6 uses the same sensor has other Android phones, but its engineers have been able to squeeze much more out of it. Also, the Google Pixel has proven that software can make a huge perceptible difference in image quality. Opinion: What’s a Great Mobile Camera Experience? Learn more: What is Image Stabilization? That said, if you read our Google Pixel review, you would notice that whether or not the Galaxy S7 or the Google Pixel is “the best” mobile camera is partly a matter of preferences. The same thing will be true with the Galaxy S8. We will need to run more synthetic tests to see how Samsung has tweaked the S8 camera, but using the S7 as a baseline seems very safe. In short, the Galaxy S8 is a top camera phone, but the Samsung Galaxy S camera aura of invincibility dimmed when the Google Pixel arrived. The Galaxy S camera used to absolutely dominate. Now it has to share the spotlight with the Google Pixel. "THE GALAXY S CAMERA USED TO ABSOLUTELY DOMINATE. NOW IT HAS TO SHARE THE SPOTLIGHT WITH THE GOOGLE PIXEL"Camera tuning aside, the Galaxy S8 remains the fastest camera, thanks to its Dual-Pixel Sensor, a technology that allows any of the 12M pixels to also act as an auto-focus sensor. Dual-Pixel Diode will always beat other sensors which have a mere few hundred focus pixels in AF speed. The only downside of Dual-Pixel Diode is that it takes a toll on sheer resolution (12MP vs. 16MP), but 12 Megapixel is not a bad place to be. The Samsung Galaxy S7 had one version equipped with the Feb 2016 Sony IMX260 Sensor with 1.4 μm pixels while another had a Samsung ISOCELL SL5K2L1 sensor. Assuming that Samsung wanted to keep the Dual-Pixel technology, there are two primary sensor alternatives: the Sony IMX362 (Nov 2016) which has nearly identical specs to the IMX260, or the 16 Megapixel Sony IMX398, which has smaller pixels (1.12 μm, not so great in low-light). The Google Pixel has a Sony IMX378 with 1.55 μm pixel, but no Dual-Pixel Diode – which explains why the AF speed and quality are not as good as the S7 and S8. At the end of the day, it seemed pretty sensible to keep a proven camera hardware and tweak the software, until the next-gen sensors come out. Battery: large, in comparison to the phone’s volume The Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ have battery capacities of 3000 mAh and 3500 mAh respectively. While it is true that the S7 Edge had 3600mAh, the overall battery experience should be comparable. The Galaxy S8 phones also come with integrated wireless just as last year’s series. On the one hand, the Galaxy S8 gets a much more power-efficient main processor (40%+ more) with the Snapdragon 835, but on the other hand, it is not clear how much power-savings we will get system-wide. There’s a chance that battery life could be better, but that is extremely difficult to measure in real-world conditions. We will see when the retail units land in the office. Although we did not yet have time to test the charge speed, we expect the Galaxy S8 to charge at a rate of ~50 mAh/mn, which means that it would go from 0% to 50% in 30mn. This is in-line with the large majority of high-end handsets, except the Huawei Mate 9, which charges at the crazy rate of 77 mAh/mn. Battery Safety After the Galaxy Note 7’s battery disaster and apologies, Samsung has done extensive work to find the root causes (independent labs also agreed) and drastically changed its battery-checking procedures and manufacturing as to never repeat those problems that led to multi-Billion dollar losses. The Galaxy S8 batteries are probably the most checked ever at Samsung. Software: Android 7.0 and new productivity features Samsung Bixby voice user interface (UI) "ANYTHING DONE USING TAPS, IS ALSO POSSIBLE WITH VOICE"During the many leaks over the past weeks, Bixby has often been described as a Virtual Assistant. It is not. It is a voice user interface. The premise of Bixby is that anything done using taps, is also possible with voice. Bixby is smart enough to handle the tens of thousands of possible actions normally done via the Android UI. We have not had time to tried them all, but Samsung assures us that that is indeed the case. There is a dedicated Bixby button on the left side, just below the volume rocker. The cool thing with Bixby is that when you have wet or dirty hands, you are still able to easily do many things with your phone. Voice is not always the optimum way of getting things done, but it is up to you to decide when to use it. My metric for success is whether or not I can get something done faster. Tweaking things buried deep in the settings is often one of them. Bixby also has a visual component that can “see” (using the main camera) and give you information about various objects/things. How extensive the database is remains to be seen, but we’ll have to try it in the real world to completely evaluate how good it is. Samsung DeX turns your Galaxy S8 into a desktop computer "A REAL DESKTOP VIEW WHICH FEELS FAMILIAR"DeX is a new feature introduced with the Galaxy S8 that lets your phone expand to a full desktop experience, including a wired keyboard and mouse connected to the DeX phone dock. Once in the dock, it is possible to unlock the phone by looking at it, or via any other means normally available. On the big screen, it is not a blown-up version of the phone, but a real desktop view which feels familiar. Many applications have been optimized for a large-display experience, including MS Office, the Internet Browser, and other key apps. At the moment, there isn’t a list of compatible available, but basic computing should be covered. The desktop interface is completely multi-window friendly, and things like right-click contextual menus or copy/paste are functional. Obviously, while potentially very convenient, this is not meant to completely replace laptops, but if you use case lends itself to it, this could be a fantastic way to setup a basic work setup, maybe a secondary one, or something at a friend’s place. This could be particularly interesting for some companies or workers since it is possible to run Windows over Citrix from the Galaxy S8 + DeX. Additionally, the phone is already qualified by many IT departments when it comes to security, etc… Security The Samsung Galaxy S8 offers many ways to secure and unlock the handset. Besides the usual screen-based ones, you also have: Eyes unlock, Fingerprint, Face unlock. The Eye unlock in theory the most secure because the eye has higher entropy (=unique biometric points), followed by the fingerprints and finally the Face Unlock. Face unlock is new and works very well. I did set it up and used it to confirm its efficiency. Security-wise, it should be considered as a convenience feature and isn’t as hard to crack than the Eyes or Fingerprint unlocks. Also, the face unlock uses the selfie camera (and not the IR camera like the eye unlock), so you will need decent lighting for it to work. With a large array of options to lock your phone, every user can find the best trade-off between security and convenience. Also, keep in mind that Samsung offers a Vault app that allows you to secure some content, even when the phone is unlocked. For general security, everything in Android is present of course, and there’s Samsung’s own Knox layer that enterprises typically like very much. This is outside of the scope of the review, but something to research if that is of particular interest to you. Performance: A New Class of Android Before the S8, the Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 was the highest-performing chip available on Android. The recently launched LG G6 and the Google Pixel are both using it with success. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are the first handsets to be launched with the Snapdragon 835 chip which represents the best that the Snapdragon Platform has to offer. Key system data Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 (4×2.3 GHz + 4×1.7 GHz) – depends on region Samsung Exynos 9 (4×2.35 GHz + 4x 1.9GHz) – depends on region 4GB of RAM, 64 GB of UFS 2.1 local storage – may vary by region LTE CAT16 (Snapdragon 835) "A PERFORMANCE DISCONTINUITY UNREACHABLE TO ANY OTHER COMPETITOR TODAY"Samsung has confirmed to Ubergizmo that the U.S would get the Snapdragon 835 variant of the Galaxy S8. However, specific countries could get another chip: Samsung’s Exynos 9 processor (both are manufactured with Samsung’s leading 10 nm semiconductor process). We have not had a chance to look at the performance of Exynos 9, but you may recall that the Galaxy S6 was an extremely powerful handset equipped with an Exynos 7 chip. The pre-launch Galaxy S8 units were not quite ready for benchmarking, but it does not mean that we do not have a good idea of what the performance would/should look like. Not long ago, we had our hands on Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 835 MDP developer devices that run at full speed. We took a good look at the Snapdragon 835 benchmark numbers and potential performance. The conclusion is this: Snapdragon offers enough performance (~20% CPU and ~40% GPU increases) over Snapdragon 821 to create a new class of Android handsets. This typically happens when a new generation of chips offer enough speed to create a performance discontinuity unreachable to any other competitor today. VR benefits the most of this new performance Because of the huge gain in graphics performance, the VR capabilities of the Galaxy S8 are very high. Combine this with the excellent display and the availability of the 2017 Samsung Gear VR and Controller, and you have an excellent mobile VR system. Gigabit-class 4G LTE capability The Snapdragon 835 version has an integrated Qualcomm X16 LTE modem which was the first to reach the “Gigabit-class” status and can be considered as one of the stepping stones towards a 5G transition. A gigabit network was recently launched by Telstra in Australia. Peak “gigabit-class” (close from 1Gb/sec, but not quite) LTE download speeds are not the only point of faster LTE technologies. The increased speed is great, but what Gb-speed truly does is freeing up radio spectrum resources. Faster data transfers mean that handsets free radio resources faster, thus making the overall network better and more available to everyone. Conclusion: a new class of Android hardware The Samsung Galaxy S8 is the first of what is effectively a new class of Android smartphones. Extra large display, excellent camera performance, large battery, cutting-edge design/materials, next-generation performance, and networks: these are the attributes of the Galaxy S8, and they all contribute to improving real problems such as user experience, battery life, and overall productivity. "THE GALAXY S8 IS THE NEW KING"It is true that specific S8 features can be challenged by remarkable competitors such as the LG G6 (large display, wide camera) or Google Pixel (camera). However, the Galaxy S8 has the advantage of being a higher-performance Android phone, but more importantly, the best overall smartphone package today (features/design/perf/camera). In short, the Galaxy S8 is the new king. The Samsung Galaxy S8 might dominate the Android handset landscape at least until mid-summer when competitors using the same computing platform start shipping to the public. Interestingly, the Galaxy S7 remains an extremely potent force that the competition still has to reckon with, especially if its price drops following the introduction of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ will start shipping on April 21 to the U.S and the roll out will continue from then on… Filed in Cellphones >Reviews. Read more about Android, galaxy s8, Galaxy S8 Plus, Samsung and Samsung Reviews. Key Specs Galaxy S8+ Galaxy S8 Announced On 2017/03/01 2017/03/28 Display Diagonal 6.2" (15.75 cm) 5.8" (14.73 cm) Processor/Soc Name Snapdragon 835 Snapdragon 835 Max. Total Storage Capacity 320 GB 320 GB Megapixels 12 Megapixel 12 Megapixel Battery Capacity (mAh) 3500 mAh 3000 mAh Complete product data Samsung Galaxy S8+ Full specs and details Samsung Galaxy S8 Full specs and details Related Articles 2017-03-29 Samsung May Bring Fingerprint Sensors To Entry-Level Galaxy J Series 2017-03-29 Samsung Launches New Gear 360 Camera 2017-03-29 Intel Says Its 10nm Chips Will Be A 'Full Generation' Ahead Of Samsung 2017-03-28 Samsung May Offer Free Wireless Speaker With Galaxy S8 In Some Markets 2017-03-28 Galaxy S8 Might Face Supply Issues 2017-03-26 Galaxy S8 Touch Sensitivity Test Video Leaked 2017-03-21 Samsung May Favor Galaxy S8 Over Galaxy S8 Plus 2017-03-21 Latest Galaxy S8 Render Shows Orchid Gray And Black Sky Colors 2017-03-20 Galaxy S8 And Galaxy S8 Plus Press Image Leaked Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Samsung's Galaxy S8 phone aims to dispel the Note 7 debacle By Associated Press Published: 11:09 EDT, 29 March 2017 | Updated: 11:20 EDT, 29 March 2017 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) - Samsung seems to be playing it safe with its first major smartphone since the embarrassing recall of its fire-prone Note 7. The Galaxy S8 features a larger display than its predecessor, the Galaxy S7, and sports a voice assistant intended to rival Siri and Google Assistant. But there is no increase in battery capacity, providing the battery more breathing room. The Note 7 pushed the engineering envelope with its battery, which contributed to a series of spontaneous smartphone combustions. The Galaxy S8 will come in two sizes, both bigger than last year's models. Both models have screens that curve around the edges and get rid of the physical home button. In this Friday, March 24, 2017, photo, new Samsung Galaxy S8, left, and Galaxy S8 Plus mobile phones are displayed in New York. The Galaxy S8 features a larger display than its predecessor, the Galaxy S7, and sports a voice assistant intended to rival Siri and Google Assistant. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Note 7 recall cost Samsung at least $5.3 billion. Though many customers remain loyal, any further misstep could prove fatal for the brand. "We're in the process of earning back that trust," said Drew Blackard, a senior director of product marketing for Samsung. In the U.S., Samsung will start taking orders Thursday, with shipments scheduled for April 21. Prices haven't been announced yet. ABOUT THAT BATTERY Samsung has blamed the Note 7 fires on multiple design and manufacturing defects in its batteries. Inspectors concluded that the initial batteries were too small for their capacity, and that their external pouch put pressure on the internal structure, leading to damage and overheating. Samsung recalled the phones and shipped replacements, but the newer batteries had welding defects and a lack of protective tape in some battery cells. Samsung recalled the replacements, too, and scrapped the phone. The company says phones will now go through multiple inspections, including X-rays and stress tests at extreme temperatures. The standard-size S8 phone has as much battery capacity as last year's Galaxy S7, but the phone is 4 percent larger by volume. The larger S8 Plus model has 3 percent less capacity than the Galaxy S7 Edge and the same capacity as the Note 7, but the phone's volume is larger by 12 percent and 6 percent, respectively. Both models have larger displays, meaning more drain on the battery. Samsung says that software and processor efficiencies will let the new phones offer all-day battery life under normal use. BIGGER, WIDER SCREENS The S8 phone's display measures 5.8 inches diagonally, compared with 5.1 inches on the S7. The S8 Plus will be 6.2 inches, compared with S7 Edge's 5.5 inches and the Note 7's 5.7 inches. Both S8 models are taller than their predecessors, but widths are roughly the same to preserve one-handed use. Samsung is getting rid of the "Edge" distinction and bringing curved sides to all S8 phones. It's also minimizing the frame, or bezel, surrounding the display; gone is a horizontal strip with the home button at the bottom. Instead, Samsung is embedding a virtual home button in the display, leaving Apple's iPhones as among the few to sport a distinct home button. VOICE ASSISTANT Samsung claims its new voice assistant, Bixby, will do much more than rivals from Apple, Google, Microsoft and Amazon. For one thing, Samsung says Bixby will be able to handle any smartphone task currently managed by touch. Bixby will also offer information on books, wine and other products scanned with the phone's camera. But there's a major caveat: Bixby will work only with selected Samsung apps, including the photo gallery and messages. Not all touch commands will have voice counterparts right away. Other apps will be able to adopt Bixby, but Samsung has had a mixed track record in getting other companies to support its home-brewed functions like Bixby. "I think the brand will struggle to compete in the longer term with the broader digital ecosystems from Google, Amazon or Apple," Forrester analyst Thomas Husson said. OTHER FEATURES The front camera is getting a boost to 8 megapixels, from 5 megapixels, while the rear one stays at 12 megapixels. As with previous models, the S8 is water and dust resistant and features a memory card slot to supplement 64 gigabytes of built-in storage. The S8 will get an iris scanner to let people unlock the phone by looking at it ; the feature was new in the ditched Note 7 phone. Samsung will include premium earbuds from AKG, a brand it acquired when it bought Harman International. BEYOND THE S8 Samsung's virtual-reality camera, Gear 360, will now accommodate a higher resolution, known as 4K, and work with iPhones, not just Samsung phones. An optional docking station will turn the S8 phone into a desktop computer when connected to a regular TV. In that mode, people will be able to resize windows and work with several apps at once. It's similar to what Microsoft offers on its Windows 10 phones. Samsung also unveiled a router that doubles as a hub for internet-connected appliances and lights. Samsung said its previously announced Gear VR headset upgrade, which will now include a hand-held controller, will go on sale in April for about $130. Existing owners can buy just the controller for about $40. The company hasn't announced prices and release dates for the other accessories. In this Friday, March 24, 2017, photo, a Samsung Galaxy S8 mobile phone is shown partially submerged to demonstrate its water resistance, in New York. The Galaxy S8 features a larger display than its predecessor, the Galaxy S7, and sports a voice assistant intended to rival Siri and Google Assistant. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) In this Friday, March 24, 2017, photo, the new Samsung Gear 360 camera, right, Gear VR headset, and controller are displayed during a preview in New York. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) In this Friday, March 24, 2017, photo, the Bixby function of the new Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus is demonstrated in New York. The Galaxy S8 features a larger display than its predecessor, the Galaxy S7, and sports a voice assistant intended to rival Siri and Google Assistant. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) In this Friday, March 24, 2017, photo, a Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus mobile phone is docked in a DeX device during a preview, in New York. The Galaxy S8 features a larger display than its predecessor, the Galaxy S7, and sports a voice assistant intended to rival Siri and Google Assistant. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Spice Up Your Drive! Victoria Beckham dusts off her vocal chords for a spin with James Corden in Carpool Karaoke Behind-the-scenes peek Khloe Kardashian puts on brave face and shows off figure in tight jeans after ex Lamar Odom claims she knew about his cocaine use and cheating Stephen Belafonte shares intimate 'threesome snap' with Mel B... amid claims the couple's 'open relationship' prompted their divorce Topless Katie Price exposes painful scars from eighth boob job as she confidently parades 32GG chest on beach during idyllic family holiday to the Maldives Pregnant Amal Clooney is the picture of elegance in red as she prepares to give war crime speech... after husband George gushed she is 'doing amazing' She's cracked it! Mum blogger Clemmie Telford taste tests M&S Easter eggs and picks the PERFECT chocolate treat for everyone in her life SPONSORED 'He was always the a-- wipe for Will Smith': Fresh Prince of Bel-Air's Janet Hubert jabs at cast reunion photo and calls Alfonso Ribeiro a 'media hoe'  George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz races to funeral after finding out about it at the last minute - but isn't allowed into the wake Friends and family only Blac Chyna flaunts impressive weight loss in corset and sheer skirt combination... amid accusing Tyga of not paying child support Slimmer than ever 'I don't know what makes you happy but it's not me': Megan McKenna left in tears as she and Pete Wicks FINALLY break up on TOWIE Now that's hot Coco! Rapper Ice T's racy wife leaves little to the imagination in racy lingerie shoot shared on her Snapchat One way to get attention The original ending for Disney's animated classic Frozen is revealed for the first time... and it doesn't turn out well for Elsa Not cool with fans Buckle up! Racy Perrie Edwards gets soaked in booze as Little Mix tease titillating Coyote Ugly-inspired music video for No More Sad Songs Skimpiest ensembles yet Braless Rita Ora shows off perky assets through sheer top as she just about protects her modesty with star pasties... before going for a dip in holiday snap EastEnders is not so Dyer without Danny: Producers baffled as 'TV show ratings are boosted after the badboy actor's shock departure' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson steals the spotlight in skimpy pants and sexy fishnet tights ahead of The Late Late Show appearance in LA Hollywood's first female studio boss on Angelina Jolie's daily drug tests, defending Mel Gibson and supporting Tom Cruise and Scientology All the colours of the rainbow! Scarlett Johansson stuns in glittery gown with plunging neckline at Ghost In The Shell premiere in NYC He's not worried! Justin Bieber struts around Brazil while showing off new tattoos and washboard abs... despite possibility of arrest TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou sizzles in plunging bralet as she puts on defiant display with beau James Lock... after viewers brand her a 'bunny boiler' Cold Feet cast celebrate saga's 20th anniversary with charming portrait as they plan SECOND reunion series IT is back... and will leave you screaming: Pennywise is more terrifying than ever in spine-chilling first trailer for Stephen King's IT She means business! Mel B heads to see her divorce lawyer in fierce thigh-high boots as she begins to set her split from Stephen Belafonte in stone Made In Chelsea's Stephanie Pratt going for gold with Team GB rugby player Ollie Lindsay-Hague as new couple make first public appearance Lovely in lace! Curvy model Ashley Graham looks sultry while posing in bras and panties for Canadian clothing chain Addition Elle Showed off curvy figure Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning girlfriend Georgina Rodríguez flashes a glimpse of bra from beneath sheer cami as she supports beau at ceremony Emily Ratajkowski struts in statement white boots and white trench coat as she shows off her model figure in LA 'He was always the a-- wipe for Will Smith': Fresh Prince of Bel-Air's Janet Hubert jabs at cast reunion photo and calls Alfonso Ribeiro a 'media hoe'  Couples that dress together... Spencer Matthews sports bizarre camo jacket and baker boy cap as he co-ordinates with rumoured flame Vogue Williams Chris Martin's girlfriend Annabelle Wallis goes braless in a bold dress with a daring lace inset for CinemaCon 'I'm honoured to have been part it': Ben Caplan quits Call The Midwife to pursue 'edgier' roles... but is 'sure' he and Miranda Hart will return Life's a beach! Ireland Baldwin kicks off bikini season as she flashes toned physique during surfside photo shoot  Showed off toned physique Jess Wright's little sister Natalya, 16, threatens to upstage her TOWIE star sibling as they make a stylish pair at Kinky Boots gala performance Adam Thomas 'quits Emmerdale after eight years in order to pursue his dream of hosting his own television show' I'm A Celeb favourite is departing the Dales OGLE-box! Ex-Gogglebox star Sandi Bogle puts on an eye-popping display in VERY plunging top and extravagant tulle skirt at National Film Awards 'She is comfortable with an older guy': Jennifer Lawrence, 26, is 'mesmerized' by beau Darren Aronofsky, 48, as their relationship heats up US reality star Josh Murray gets police involved as split with Amanda Stanton turns nasty and she declares that 'he's the worst' Short and sweet! Jennifer Hudson shows off her trim legs in tiny mini dress as she joins contestants and judges in photohoot ahead of The Voice final Reality TV favourites Stacey Solomon, Natasha Hamilton and Stephanie Pratt replace Hollywood nominees on National Film Awards red carpet Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shields her blossoming baby bump with sleek leather jacket as she touches down in South Korea 'Kris Jenner vibes!' Kim Kardashian channels her mum as she dons a short wig for a sexy photo shoot   Morphed into 'momager'  'We have a long way to go as women': Katie Holmes reveals Hillary Clinton's election loss hurt daughter Suri Cruise 'so much' Spoke on Sirius FM Chrissy Teigen steps out delicate camisole and ripped boyfriend jeans after trip to salon in Beverly Hills Enjoyed some March sunshine 'Always so special with my mini me': Kim Kardashian shares behind the scenes photos of daughter North backstage at Kanye's show Feuding stars Dwayne Johnson and Vin Diesel are 'separated' on press tour... as their film The Fate Of The Furious receives early praise Lucy Mecklenburgh dresses her svelte figure in a leather jacket and cobalt culottes for fashionable night out Looked a little more covered up than usual Lovely jubbly! David Jason, 77, and Nicholas Lyndhurst, 55, celebrate a lifetime achievement gong at the National Film Awards, 14 years after Only Fools and Horses  Cara Delevingne teases her model figure in a semi-sheer crop top as she dresses up for NYC outing Looked slick Kourtney Kardashian shows off tiny waist in clinging top and high-rise jeans as she leaves office in Calabasas Showed off her sensational figure A rip-roaring time! Patrick Schwarzenegger steps out in distressed denims with blonde galpal Abby Champion Dating for a little over a year Angelina Jolie had 'random drug testing' on 2001's Tomb Raider after her dad called her 'fragile' claims producer Sherry Lansing in tell-all '100 percent not true': Kris Jenner and Corey Gamble quash any rumors of a breakup after two years of dating Scoffed at split rumours  Victoria Secret Angel Romee Strijd flaunts slender physique in baby blue two-piece for photoshoot in Venice Hit the beach Playing with fire! Serena Williams sizzles in red bathing suit as she soaks up the sun during tropical getaway   In a revealing costume 'Gary's got a girlfriend': Former Geordie Shore star Ricci Guarnaccio weighs in on Gaz Beadle and Sam Frost after THAT cosy photo Legs for days! Chloe Grace Moretz shows off her slim pins in tiny shorts as she leaves gym in West Hollywood Dressed in all-black  'Such a shame': RHOS' 'beauty expert' Matty Samaei says Kylie Jenner is 'too young' for enhanced pout but denies lip fillers made her 'speak funny' Made In Chelsea star Rosie Fortescue rocks a psychedelic minidress with a sexy backless twist Couldn't be missed  Christina Milian rehearses with rapper MC Harvey in LA... ahead of their London concert on June 2 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Cara Delevingne flashes sideboob and toned tummy in revealing vest top for Puma campaign Elton, Macca and a gormless rock legend ... It's a smash hit! Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV Natasha Hamilton experiments with lustrous Rapunzel locks at National Film Awards... after debuting trendy new choppy bob just last week 'I've had nothing but happiness for you': Charlie King reconciles with Bobby Norris on TOWIE... as they meet for first time since he came out Pulling a page out of the Housewives Playbook! Andy Cohen compares Donald Trump to the drama-stirring women of his Bravo franchise  Kate, Wills and Prince Harry team up with celebrities including Ruby Wax for a series of films about mental health for their Heads Together campaign I've been trained to help with mental health issues, says Harry: Prince reveals he attended two-day course  So happy! Emma Roberts wears her engagement ring as she breaks into laughter on a stroll with on-off fiancé Evan Peters  Jude Law's ex Catherine Harding looks almost unrecognisable two years after giving birth to their daughter... as she pays tribute to their two-year-old 'You're a b***h!': Blac Chyna SLAMS ex-fiancé Tyga as she accuses him of not paying child support in lengthy foul-mouthed rant What will Kim say?  Ferne McCann flaunts her peachy posterior in a polka dot bikini as she gets playful on romantic holiday in the Maldives with boyfriend Arthur Swanning around She's all shook up! Vanessa Hudgens rocks hoodie featuring Elvis Presley's iconic eyes as she shops in LA All eyes on her 'I've just lost my job': Hollyoaks star Kieron Richardson runs off This Morning set after he appears to let slip that HIS character is behind Amy Barnes' murder Beauty in blue! Youthful Naomi Watts, 48, highlights her svelte frame in chic striped frock at film event in Las Vegas 'Time to come home': Katie Waissel's mum urges her to fly back to the UK... after the X Factor star fumed her husband had been 'f**king their neighbour' 'I have to make it up to her!' Zac Efron invites Paris Jackson to Baywatch premiere after unknowingly breaking her heart when she was 10 The Mindy Project star Adam Pally 'arrested in New York for drug possession after getting caught with marijuana and cocaine' Busted in New York  See what you're missing, Lewis! Newly single Marnie Simpson showcases her body in provocative new lingerie shoot... as she moves on from messy split Phillip Schofield is reunited with Going Live! host Sarah Greene after 24 YEARS... as viewers marvel that she 'hasn't aged a day' Hardly changed 'Not a bad view': Geordie Shore's Gary Beadle shares cheeky snap of girlfriend Emma McVey's perky posterior before stripping off to flaunt ripped physique Blooming gorgeous! Charlize Theron sports purple floral dress at CinemaCon 2017 event to promote The Fate of the Furious Never Bean better! Rowan Atkinson, 62, and girlfriend Louise Ford, 33, look loved-up as they enjoy romantic stroll Together two years Great advertisement! Olivia Culpo looks like a million dollars after stepping out of Santa Monica spa in tiny dress Perfect pins  EXCLUSIVE: 'Greg loves my massive bum': Jennifer Metcalfe says her man adores her changing shape as she likens her pregnancy to a 'relentless hangover' Daisy Lowe covers up her enviable figure on casual dog walk in London... after admitting Strictly Come Dancing heightened her body confidence 'They are totally different!': David Beckham sparks furious backlash from fans in Hong Kong as he gushes over great holiday in 'China' Alec and Hilaria Baldwin hug it out during walk with baby Leo after he raved about being 'in love' with three of his SNL co-stars Had explaining to do  Cara Delevingne kicks serious butt in new action packed trailer for $180million 3D sci-fi movie Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets TOWIE's Megan McKenna cuts a casually chic figure at filming... as Amber Turner puts on a leggy display in a glamorous shirt dress and heels 'I spend less than five minutes in front of the mirror!' Follow actress and new mom Amanda Seyfried's beauty hacks so YOU can get out the door faster Cristiano Ronaldo comes face to face with questionable statue as he hits back at critics who opposed Madeira airport being named in his honour Boasting a sunny disposition! Rita Ora flaunts her ample assets and toned midriff in miniscule yellow bikini as she enjoys Maldives getaway Chef Gordon Ramsay reveals the one thing he will NEVER eat (and when you find out why, you might avoid it too)  Cheryl Burke arrives for first day of Dance Moms... as bitter Abby Lee Miller says she's expects the show's producers to fawn over her 'hot' replacement Love Island's Olivia Buckland is barely recognisable in bevy of sexy throwback snaps as she rocks dark chestnut locks with deep tan She never hits a bum note: Little Mix's bikini-clad Perrie Edwards shows off her very peachy posterior as she shares extremely provocative photo Goddess in green! Jordana Brewster stuns in two separate emerald ensembles as she promotes latest partnership in NYC She knows what she likes! Rumer Willis wears almost identical dresses two days in a row to promote Empire's new season Similar style  F-bomb explosion! Eden Sassoon and Lisa Rinna have an epic foul-mouthed meltdown in sneak peek of The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills   Some like it yacht! Bikini-clad Chloe Green puts on a busty display as she soaks up the sun while cosying up to a mystery man on boating trip Earl Spencer takes his (third) wife to the pictures: Couple visit event at the National Portrait Gallery  Date night  Curvy model Iskra Lawrence looks sensational in a bubblegum pink swimsuit as she poses on sun-drenched pier in throwback snap Hello petal! Kirsten Dunst shows off extremely toned legs in floral print mini dress at CinemaCon 2017 Pretty as a picture  The Oscars will RETAIN PwC accounting firm despite epic Best Picture blunder involving Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway . Wetting the baby's head early? Heavily pregnant Amy Childs indulges in a glass of prosecco as she gets her hair done at local salon Hopping for Holmes! Katie beams alongside daughter Suri who cradles baby kangaroo as she flaunts her lean legs in white frilly frock Nicki Minaj nearly spills out of striped bikini as she sits atop a unicorn pool toy in Gucci Mane Make Love music video A cut above: Bella Hadid looks every inch the sophisticated model as she steps out of New York City hair salon in all-black ensemble Always runway ready Dressed to kill: ARLENE PHILLIPS on handbag secrets (and her biggest fashion faux pas) 'She doesn't want a circus': New mum Cheryl, 33, 'eyes low-key wedding with beau Liam Payne, 23, as she's already been divorced twice' Head-over-heels in love! Joe Manganiello believes he and wife Sofia Vergara 'were put on the planet to be with each other' Married for two years That's her date! Jasmine Tookes holds hands with boyfriend Juan David Borrero as she rocks clingy blue dress during night out in Hollywood Rachel Stevens emerges for the first time since being unveiled as first contestant on new series of Celebrity MasterChef Boris Becker's wife Lilly, 40, goes make-up free as she flaunts her slender frame in skin-tight leggings for day out in Chelsea A casual day out  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Vanderpump Rules' Stassi Schroeder parades her figure in nude swimsuit after discovering confidence with plastic surgery High wire act gone wrong: Kristen Bell dangles awkwardly in the air during duet with James Corden on The Late Late Show 'Nice Butte': Amy Schumer shares snap of herself on the toilet as she and beau Ben Hanisch play tourists in Utah wilderness Bringing the wow factor! Priyanka Chopra shows off ample cleavage in skin tight dress as she films Quantico Buffy reunion! Sarah Michelle Gellar and David Boreanaz team up again to lead Vampire Slayer 20th anniversary celebrations with cast Another bite of success 'Is someone trying to kill me?': Jeremy McConnell accuses Stephanie Davis of 'putting a hit on his head' in series of disturbing posts Wheel of Fortune star Vanna White opens up about show's success, the 6500 dresses she's worn on air and why she regrets THAT Playboy shoot Nice Weather-field! Corrie's Catherine Tyldesley shows off toned figure in a skimpy scarlet bikini as she hits the beach in Dubai with her husband and son Real Best Friends Of Beverly Hills! Lisa Vanderpump and Kyle Richards share a playful moment as they say goodbye following dinner date Lee Daniels reveals his radically different AIDS-based story for Oprah Winfrey's Terms Of Endearment redo First made in 1983 Warren Beatty's wife Annette Bening 'ordered him to come home' on Oscar night after Best Picture fiasco... but he refused Passed wrong envelope Divorce can be fun! Sarah Jessica Parker and Molly Shannon share a laugh between takes while filming season two of dark HBO comedy Not a Bad Romance! Lady Gaga is hand in hand with new boyfriend Christian Carino as she celebrates her 31st birthday in Los Angeles Birthday girl went glam New romance revealed: This Is Us star Milo Ventimiglia is secretly dating New Jersey native Kelly Egarian 'I'm Bart Simpson, put her there, man!' Voice artist Nancy Cartwright blows an oblivious teen's mind as he tries to sell her cookies and she responds as Bart  Where's Johnny? Actor Depp reveals MUCH thinner features as he makes an entrance at Lady Gaga's intimate 31st birthday celebration Cookie on the beach! Empire star Taraji P Henson, 46, proves she still has stunning curves as she poses in a bikini Can sizzle with the best of them Former TOWIE star Elliott Wright goes shirtless as he joins his ample-chested fiancée Sadie Stuart in sexy plunging one-piece during Spanish holiday Green-fingered Mary Berry swaps pastries for planting as she teams up with Chris Evans to create a fruit and veg garden for the Chelsea Flower Show  EXCLUSIVE: Phil Collins expected to testify in nasty divorce battle between ex-wife - who is his current lover - and her soon-to-be ex-husband Katie Holmes wears same houndstooth coat THREE DAYS in a row as she promotes The Kennedys: After Camelot One hot mama! Kelly Rowland reveals slender frame and hint of side boob in skimpy one-piece as she dotes over son Titan, two, on beach outing Lamar Odom reveals Khloe caught him 'getting high' in motel room with another woman and 'tolerated' his cocaine use for two years of their marriage Lauren Jauregui of Fifth Harmony SLAMS 'invasive, scary, delusional, disrespectful' romantic fan fiction which pairs her with Camila Cabello Taking his lady out! Ryan Lochte grabs dinner in LA with pregnant fiancée Kayla after sexy photo shoot Quality time together Levon the tags! Elton John wears £3300 Gucci ensemble to leave Lady Gaga's 31st birthday party alongside husband David Furnish and son Zachary Santa Clarita Diet starring Drew Barrymore, Timothy Olyphant and Liv Hewson gets a second season order from Netflix 'He is very sorry to disappoint his fans': Eric Clapton, 71, forced to cancel two shows at the last minute as he battles onset of 'severe bronchitis' 'It's all my diet!' Jennifer Hudson reveals she doesn't do any exercise to maintain her incredible weight loss She has lost a staggering 80lbs 'I felt like I wasn't going to make it': Tinsley Mortimer reveals horrific details about abusive relationship... as she joins RHONY cast Radiohead's Thom Yorke, 48, and new girlfriend, 32, hit the Miami beach for day date... three months after the death of his ex partner of 23 years  'You're doing an amazing job with your beautiful kids': Twitter praises Rio as he talks of his children's grief... after documentary about loss of his wife Zooey Deschanel's hit show New Girl FINALLY reveals the full name of fan favourite Schmidt after six seasons... and it's not what you expect! Name on everyone's lips That'll leave a sour taste! Nigella Lawson's daughter Cosima Diamond shares TV chef's striking good looks at 23... but none of her winning charm Bikini-clad Uma Thurman looks happy and carefree as she cavorts with mystery hunk on the beach... after winning primary custody of her daughter 'I was mid-stream and I panicked!': Linda Robson urinated on the FLOOR of a train toilet in front of a shocked conductor after failing to lock the door  Tinkling the ivories! John Legend delights commuters at London's St. Pancras Station as he puts on an impromptu show on a street pianos Trouble already? Vanessa Grimaldi 'jealous of attention Nick Viall gets on DWTS' and has 'landed an agent to get acting jobs for more fame' 'I think the timing is exactly right': Mindy Kaling announces The Mindy Project will end with season six Renewed in the U.S. for a final season 'If you are reading this it's too late': Lily Allen is accused of 'scaremongering' after posting a string of anti-Brexit tweets as PM triggers Article 50 Chanel Iman flashes her tiny midriff in plunging satin crop top and high-waisted trousers as she joins beau Sterling Shepard for dinner date 'With my BFFs': Will Smith sends fans wild AGAIN as he shares more snaps from The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air reunion Reboot in the making? Not so reem! A shirtless Joey Essex throws it back to the 90s with his boy band curtains and double denim while shooting for his new clothing line Victoria's Secret model Taylor Hill shows off her toned abs in a camisole top as she steps out for a meal with boyfriend Michael Stephen Shank Meet my new bit on the side(boob)! TOWIE's Amber Turner remains steely as she sees giggling ex Jamie Reed and his busty squeeze Jade Lewis Who needs Tom Hardy? Now Professor Brian Cox crops up on CBeebies as a space expert on POSTMAN PAT (and mothers are delighted to see him)  'Some babies are scared of the dark': Riled Holly Willoughby defends mothers who breastfeed in public without covering during VERY heated debate Mi amor! Giggling Selena Gomez slips into a flirty black sundress as she enjoys a romantic stroll in Buenos Aires with The Weeknd 'Signature pose... got to do it!': Ice T's racy wife Coco Austin shares sneak peek at lingerie shoot in some VERY revealing pieces Not much material, girl Lock-ing down his beach body! TOWIE's James displays his chiselled torso and bulky biceps by going topless for gruelling workout in Turkey Kris Jenner, 61, 'splits from younger boyfriend Corey Gamble to focus on her family and their reality show' Instigated split after series of family dramas One Direction, five fortunes: Each member of the boy band is now worth at least £50million seven years after they nervously auditioned on The X Factor 'I need to actually be a father': Ed Sheeran reveals he will give up touring once he becomes a dad as he wants to be around for them  He's so Lucky! Blue Smith, 18, looks smitten as pregnant girlfriend Stormi Bree, 26, flaunts baby bump in plunging floral dress at H&M event Nicki Minaj flaunts her eye-popping assets in tiny bikini and thigh-high boots while lounging on unicorn float to promote titillating new video Make Love Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley keeps her growing baby bump under wraps in a chic grey coat as she prepares to jet off in style 'He has no idea what's going to hit him': Kate mingles with parents from George's new school at an art gallery and tells them: 'See you at the school gates!' She's a real work of art! Duchess of Cambridge wows in forest green lace and outshines the celebrity guests at National Portrait Gallery gala Baby got back! Khloe Kardashian shows off her famous derriere in skin-tight denim heading home from a visit to Kanye's studio It's all in the jeans Kim Kardashian and big sister Kourtney bundle up for dinner in Beverly Hills... after momager Kris Jenner's 'split from Corey Gamble' 'He's made me twerk!' Rosemary Shrager reveals unlikely skill thanks to Chopping Block co-host John Whaite... but slams 'new GBBO' claims Bathing beauty! Home & Away star Pia Miller showcases her model physique in a colourful string bikini and daisy dukes as she films iconic soap SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Denise's luck goes from bad to worse as she is forced to visit a food bank... and ends up cornered in an alleyway by Cora Fishing for compliments? Liam Hemsworth treats Miley Cyrus to a sushi date night...after rumours they secretly wed Still the perfect catch Gordon Ramsay drops the F-word 16 times in 30 minutes on The Nightly Show... as 300,000 MORE viewers switch off Is it curse-d? Meet me in St. Louis! Karlie Kloss cuts a sophisticated figure in chic black blazer as she travels to Missouri ahead of 'empowering' Express runway show 'She seemed to think her trip should have been covered by us': Denise Van Outen slams TOWIE's Chloe Lewis for pulling out of charity bike ride over money It's not quite Rock n' Roll... (but he likes it!) Mick Jagger's son shuns music career to be a Hollywood film director Turns 18 in May Has Michelle had her chips? Hopefully. But the cradle-snatcher's crash might mean Kathy or Kush will be sleeping with the fishes instead in EastEnders EXCLUSIVE Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her beautiful bump... and insists she's in no hurry to lose baby weight when her daughter is born It's OK, Rio - there is nothing wrong with the stiff upper lip: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews ex-footballer's Being Mum and Dad documentary  Ruby Wax recalls how Donald Trump kicked her off his private jet in the 90s after she laughed at his intention to become President of the United States A love in full bloom! Sarah Paulson, 42, and girlfriend Holland Taylor, 74, enjoy romantic shopping session in LA  Rarely seen in public together 'I can't call them Casa and Amigos': George Clooney jokes pregnant wife Amal won't let him call twins after his tequila brand No toast to those names Braless Cara Delevingne ditches her trademark hoodie and trainers for vampish glam as she flashes endless legs in PVC mini at Cinemacon event Buff Baywatch star Zac Efron reveals how exercise has helped him stay sober as he opens up about his VERY gruelling fitness regime  Fighting fit Going dotty! Jessica Chastain looks stylish in a flirty polka dress and statement yellow heels at CinemaCon Looked sensational with a splash of colour Beautiful in blue: Pixie Lott oozes sophistication in demure sleeveless top as she attends H&M Conscious dinner in Los Angeles True blue Heartbroken Katie Waissel claims estranged husband has been 'f**king their neighbour'... as she discusses split after just one year of marriage Step aside Holly, Cheryl's coming for your crown! How the new mother is primed to out-earn the yummiest celebrity mummies with deals worth MILLIONS Chloe Grace Moretz displays her shapely legs in a pair of tiny navy shorts as she laps up the LA sunshine Headed out and flashed her pins A blooming lovely couple! Mark Wright makes wife Michelle Keegan laugh out loud as she stuns in a floral jumpsuit Out for a London stroll Hats off Windsor! Devon larks around with her fedora as she splashes around in the surf in skimpy white dress  Playful on the sand Sir Elton John was 'very upset' at falling out with George Michael over drugs warning, says friend DJ Paul Gambaccini made the claims  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Chloe Goodman flaunts her enviable curves in plunging bikini as she soaks up the Maldives sun with her sisters Lauryn and Amelia   'My most annoying TV husband': Piers Morgan reveals the cheeky birthday message and present he received from Susanna Reid on GMB 'They simply don't eat': Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and once threatened to QUIT a film after a co-star was told to lose weight)  Puppy power! Madison Beer showcases her ample assets in tight black top as she hunts for pet pooch And they called it Puppy Love Make-up free Ashley Graham ditches the glamour in tight nude leggings as she arrives back in LA after Fiji swimsuit shoot Simply divine Fashion darling Alexa Chung leads style queens Rosamund Pike, Arizona Muse and Donna Air at the ultra-glamorous National Portrait Gallery Gala TOWIE's Megan McKenna shows off her eye-popping cleavage in plunging wrap dress as she shirks Pete Wicks love woes on girls' night out Popping out for dinner? Low-key Cat Deeley is pictured for the first time since bitter dispute with LA waiter who accused her of sabotaging his life MIC's Alex Mytton brings ex Jess Woodley to magazine launch... days after EXPLOSIVE 'drunken' row with girlfriend Lottie Moss His other blonde... Just popping out! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her wares in skimpy sports bra as she takes boy Mason to art class She's tum-thing else Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News YouTube Extremist-Video Ad Controversy Prompts GroupM to Team With Brand-Safety Analytics Partner Todd Spangler NY Digital Editor @xpangler Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Courtesy of GroupM March 29, 2017 | 08:00AM PT With advertisers around the world still reeling from the revelation that their ads appeared in hate-speech videos on YouTube, WPP’s GroupM is taking a new step to reassure clients that their ads won’t show up next to undesirable content on the Google-owned service. GroupM, the world’s biggest media-buying firm, on Wednesday announced a partnership with social-analytics provider OpenSlate to help advertisers analyze YouTube content for quality and brand safety. GroupM said the new solution with OpenSlate will initially roll out in the U.S. and U.K., with plans under way to expand to additional international markets. The company said Google is enabling its partnership with OpenSlate to identify content that’s not brand-safe. Currently, GroupM’s clients are the only advertisers able to monitor content in the Google Preferred program — which comprises the most popular YouTube channels in specific categories — in this way. Advertisers that have pulled ad spending from YouTube, and in some cases Google’s display advertising networks, include AT&T, Verizon, FX Networks, PepsiCo, Walmart, Dish Network, Starbucks, GM, JP Morgan Chase & Co., Johnson & Johnson and Lyft. That’s in addition to more than 250 U.K. advertisers who have frozen spending on YouTube, an exodus touched off by a report by the Times of London that ads from major brands were appearing in videos posted by white supremacists and other hatemongers. Related YouTube Hate-Speech Ad Fallout Continues: U.S. Advertising Trade Group Urges Google to Rectify ‘Crisis’ Some analysts expect the impact on Google’s bottom line to be minimal. But the company could lose up to $750 million in ad revenue from the controversy, according to an estimate released last week by Nomura’s Instinet. According to GroupM, under the deal with OpenSlate the analytics firm will provide clients of its agencies additional controls and content safeguards to support their YouTube media buys. The solution will span both reservation media, including Google Preferred, and in auction-based inventory bought through AdWords or DoubleClick Bid Manager. Using OpenSlate’s data, clients will be able to better define the type of content that should be excluded from their YouTube media buys, the companies said. In addition, OpenSlate will provide GroupM agency clients with reporting that details exactly where their campaigns have run. “Most brands today have scaled their advertising on digital platforms like YouTube, where most content is user-generated, but their needs for mature and safe ad products and environments persist,” Susan Schiekofer, chief digital investment officer at GroupM North America, said in a statement. GroupM’s Schiekofer conceded that it’s not possible to eliminate all risk for advertisers when it comes to user-generated media, but she positioned the partnership with OpenSlate as an extra step it is taking to ensure clients’ brand reputations. Together, GroupM and Kantar account for over half of WPP’s more than $20 billion in annual revenue. Google has publicly stated that it’s taking a number of steps to make sure ads are not placed against offensive content. The internet giant’s chief business officer, Philipp Schindler, wrote in a blog post last week that Google is improving the controls and reporting tools advertisers have about where their ads are displayed. He said the company also is hiring more staff and developing artificial-intelligence algorithms to better identify hate speech. That hasn’t mollified the concerns of some major advertisers. Last week Bob Liodice, CEO of the Association of National Advertisers, said Google and other digital advertising platforms must do more to make digital advertising absolutely safe for brands. “Brands choose those platforms to work hard for them to achieve all of their business and brand building objectives. But the most important of those priorities is ‘to do no harm,'” Liodice said. Filed Under: Google GroupM OpenSlate Youtube Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 1 Most Popular 1 Film 7:18PM PT CinemaCon: Christopher Nolan’s ‘Dunkirk’ Stuns Theater Owners With Epic War Drama 2 Film 5:22PM PT Christopher Nolan Rejects Early VOD Minutes After WB Exec Talks It Up at CinemaCon 3 Scene 4:06PM PT ‘Better Call Saul’ Season 3 Premiere: Jimmy McGill Gets Closer to ‘Breaking Bad’ 4 Film 4:05PM PT Charlize Theron Reveals Arduous Workout Regimen for ‘Atomic Blonde’ at CinemaCon 5 TV 2:54PM PT ‘Frozen’s’ Original Ending Finally Revealed Golden Globes: HFPA Announces Timetable for 75th Annual Awards HFPA Announces Date for 2018 Golden Globes Asghar Farhadi Breaks Silence on Oscar Victory Playback: James Mangold on a Hard-R ‘Logan’ and Wolverine’s Western DNA Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply 1 Comment Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. dgadd523 says: March 29, 2017 at 8:08 am Why not just make users sign up for the content they want to see otherwise they get vanilla all the time/ Reply Report comment More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Store Manager Makes "Wheelchair" for Goldfish With Swim Disorder 'Legion' EP Noah Hawley On Tonight's Finale, Season 2 & Patrick… Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner Are Selling Their Gently Used… Chris Brown on black-ish: A Great Comedy Makes a Serious Error 'Dunkirk' and 'Wonder Woman' Sneaks Inspire CinemaCon, But… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search What is Bixby? Samsung's smart AI explained Chris Hall29 March 2017Phones Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Forget about Google Assistant, Samsung's new Android flagships, the Galaxy S8 and the Galaxy S8+ sport their own voice assistant called Bixby. Samsung has confirmed that Bixby is alive (in virtual terms, of course) and that Bixby isn't just something that's going to be limited to mobile devices, but common to a wide range of Samsung devices. There's a catch when it comes to availability, however, but we'll start with on a positive and come to that later. It's very early days for this new AI so we're still learning about this new system. It's making its debut on the new Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+, and here's everything we know about Samsung Bixby so far. What is Samsung Bixby?  Fully announced via a Samsung blog post, Bixby is an AI system that's designed to make device interaction easier, specifically designed to avoid the complexity of increasingly fully-featured devices. It will make its debut on the Samsung Galaxy S8 devices, but is designed to work across a range of Samsung products. In the future we expect to be using Bixby to control the TV, air conditioning as well as phones and Samsung uses this new service to provide one method of interaction with a full range of technologies. How does Bixby work? Samsung has confirmed some of the underlying principles of Bixby, detailing that there are three pillars that help drive it: Bixby is a complete solution: it is designed to let you carry out a full range of interactions, rather than launching an app for example, or carrying out a single task. Samsung says that Bixby will be able to do just about everything you can do with an app using touch. Bixby is contextually aware: this is one of the buzzwords of AI, demonstrated by Google Assistant, for example. This will mean that Bixby can recognise the state that the app is in and take the right actions based on your requests, also letting you mix voice or touch. Bixby understands natural language: this means that you don't need to use set phrases, but you can give incomplete information and Bixby can interpret and take action. Natural language recognition has been key to the rise of Alexa, for example, and is now a key element of modern AI. The service essentially works in the same way as other AI solutions like Google Assistant or Amazon Alexa in that it listens to your voice, interprets the information and returns the resulting action. The contextual awareness means you can get it to take actions without laboriously detailing exactly what to do with what - it already understands where you are so can take the logical next step. On the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ there is a Bixby button on the left-hand side of the phone. This is used to open the Bixby agent so that you can speak a command. We've not seen hotword activation, but we suspect it will be as simple as saying "Bixby". At the moment we don't know how much of Bixby is online and how much is offline, i.e., whether you'll need a connection to the internet for Bixby to work in all cases, but we do know it's a cloud based service in the main. What does Bixby do? Here's what we know from Samsung and from rumours about what Bixby will do. Device control One of the main aims of Bixby according to Samsung, is to deal with increasingly complicated devices. Not only did Samsung say that in its blog post, but it repeated exactly the same thing when demoing Bixby to us, saying that devices are now very complicated and a smart AI can save you having to look through the settings. We've seen this in action too: On saying "show this on my TV", the Galaxy S8 screen was mirrored on a Samsung KS7000. On saying "use this as my wallpaper" the S8 saved the onscreen image as the wallpaper for the phone. Placing a call instantly. Simple functions, but Bixby saved the need dig those things out, instead only needing a press of the side button and a spoken command. Pocket-lint Bixby Vision Bixby Vision offers a range of functions that take advantage of the camera on the phone. Working in a similar way to Google Goggles or the Amazon shopping app you can either ask Bixby what something is, or open the camera app and hit the Bixby Vision button. This is a great feature, but one we've used plenty of times before in other apps. Bixby Vision will essentially identify whatever the camera is pointed at, with options presented depending on what it sees, offering to identify an image, place, text or go to shopping options. These then lead into more information, once the device has been identified. We've seen it: Identify The Shard in London and suggest local restaurants Recognise a box of Lindt Lindor (strawberries and cream flavour) and suggest shopping options Spot a bottle of Casillero di Diablo and offer details on the wine The best bit about Bixby Vision is that it's not dependent on the full Bixby voice service, with direct access through the camera, so even those who don't get the full Bixby service will get Bixby Vision. Pocket-lint Samsung and third-party app integration Samsung has confirmed that Bixby will be integrated with a number of apps, detailing that it would support 10 native Samsung apps at launch. This is where Bixby will hit rougher ground, because of the variety of apps that you'll have on your phone. Samsung hasn't detailed what those apps will be, but it's confirmed to work with: Phone Messages Internet Gallery Camera Contacts Settings Bixby Reminder Weather Exactly what Bixby does with Bixby, we don't know. Samsung has also said that it plans to support third-party apps through an SDK, but the big question is surrounding Google apps. Samsung relies on some core Google apps for the experience it offers - like Play Music and Google Maps, apps that definitely need integration. Samsung has said that the supported apps will quickly increase, but there's plenty of question here still to be answered. Pocket-lint Bixby Home There's another side to Bixby. For those not diving into the full voice service - or those who can't get it because it's not supported in their country - then there's Bixby Home. In the UK this integrates the Upday new service (accessed via a left-swipe on the screen) or Flipboard for those elsewhere and pulls in cards from supported apps. We've seen it serving up weather and S Health steps as well as news highlights. Samsung also showcased Bixby Home learning from your routine, updating to reflect how you use your phone throughout the day. It also showed an Uber card in Bixby home, suggesting that Uber will be on the list of supported apps. We can imaging "Bixby, call me an Uber" working nicely. In essence, Bixby Home looks a lot like Google Now, or the evolved Google Search pages you get that serve up information cards based on your interests and so on. We've not had long to play with Bixby Home, but we'll update when we do. Home appliances and other devices Injong Rhee, executive VP and head of R&D software and services at Samsung has said "Bixby will be gradually applied to all our appliances. In the future you would be able to control your air conditioner or TV through Bixby." Rhee goes on to say that because Bixby is a cloud service, all you need is an internet connection and a mic and Bixby could be set to task. We've also seen some very clever demos with Samsung's 2017 televisions, which also offer full voice control. In a similar demo, we saw a voice command to change the contrast demonstrating the same sort of functionality. There was no mention of Bixby at this demo, but we've asked Samsung if it's part of the same system. Currently there's no confirmation on other Bixby devices, but we suspect we'll be hearing a lot through the year - IFA 2017 would be an obvious time of Bixbyageddon. Bixby Pay Samsung could include technology that will allow you to process payments through voice commands. The feature is supposedly being developed under the name Bixby Pay, according to SamMobile, but there's no confirmation of this yet.   What territories will Bixby launch in? Samsung has confirmed that Bixby will be launching with support for Korean and US English, although it claims that Bixby is in all devices - it just might not work if you're device is set to a different language. Samsung has also confirmed that US English will launch 1 month after Korean. Samsung has said that support for British English for the UK and other languages for Europe, but there's no word on when that might happen or what languages will be supported. When will my phone get Bixby? Bixby launches on the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+. There's no word on whether Samsung will enable Bixby on Galaxy S7 or the Gear S3 for example, but as Samsung has confirmed that all you need is an internet connection and a microphone, it seems likely that Samsung will enable it for other devices.  Samsung's ambition is clear to have Bixby on all its devices, so we suspect there will be plenty on the update list. When will Bixby launch? Bixby was officially confirmed on 20 March via a blog post from Samsung. It has been confirmed that Bixby will be on the Samsung Galaxy S8, which was announced on 29 March, going on sale around 20 April onwards. The date differs in different territories. We will keep you updated on all the developments of Bixby as we learn more.  Sections Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy S8 launch: What was announced and can you still watch Galaxy Unpacked 2017? When is Android 7.1.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Best smartphones 2017: The best phones available to buy today Samsung Galaxy S8: Release date, specs and everything you need to know Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint What is Bixby? Samsung's smart AI explained Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Galaxy S7 edge: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Galaxy S7: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs LG G6: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8: Release date, specs and everything you need to know Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Pixel vs Pixel XL: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs S6 vs S6 edge: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ courageously removes home button, conveniently keeps headphone jack Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus preview: 6-inches plus, but perfectly manageable What is Bixby? Samsung's smart AI explained Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Galaxy S7 edge: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Galaxy S7: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs LG G6: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8: Release date, specs and everything you need to know What is Facebook Stories and how does it work? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs Pixel vs Pixel XL: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus vs S6 vs S6 edge: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ courageously removes home button, conveniently keeps headphone jack Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: SEMrush March 29, 2017 10:51 ET Supermarkets in the Consumer's Eye: SEMrush and Brandwatch Analyze Google Search Queries and Social Media Mentions Related to German Supermarkets BERLIN, GERMANY--(Marketwired - Mar 29, 2017) - The rise of the internet has revolutionized the world of shopping. Many consumers have taken their shopping sprees online, and of those visiting physical stores, many more use the web to research products in advance. But how does grocery shopping fit into this trend? What kinds of information are consumers interested in? How do supermarkets present themselves online, what types of content do they post and how does the community react? To provide reliable answers, two highly qualified players joined forces and analyzed the online activity surrounding German supermarket chains in an in-depth study. SEMrush opened its all-in-one digital marketing toolkit to measure and evaluate Google search volumes related to supermarkets, Brandwatch employed its proven Social Listening skills to crawl several social networks for relevant mentions. The joint venture combines search data from google.de with social data and provides an instructive close-up view of consumers' search behavior and online conversation related to Germany's biggest grocery chains. An infographic depicting the main findings is available for download. The study took a close look at eleven German supermarket and discount store chains mainly offering groceries: Aldi, Edeka, Kaufland, Lidl, Marktkauf, Netto, Norma, Penny, Real, Rewe and Tegut. To analyze search demand, the top 100 Google search queries related to each of the chains were evaluated. Social Media mentions were measured by crawling Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, diverse news sites, blogs, boards, review sites as well as video and photo platforms for relevant German-language conversations. The study was conducted from November 22, 2016 through January 5, 2017. "Data silos have to be opened up to enable better business decisions. Holistic insights are best acquired by combining diverse data sources for analysis. Working with SEMrush was therefore a great pleasure to us. By combining search and social data, we were able to produce some intriguing insights into consumers' attitudes towards supermarkets on the internet." - Susanne Ullrich, Marketing Director DACH/FR Brandwatch. "Brands in all industries are increasing their online presence and their budgets are being transferred more and more from offline to online marketing. We joined our efforts with Brandwatch to analyse the search intent and consumer demand related to the most popular supermarkets and discounts in Germany. Over 1,000,000 search queries related to online shopping are performed in Google DE monthly, which proves that the demand is enormous. Together with Brandwatch we examined eleven German supermarkets and discounters, and our results prove that even small supermarket should consider going online and advertise. Especially now when mobile search is winning over the desktop and the results on mobile are often local-based." - Olga Andrienko, Head of Global Marketing SEMrush. Special Offers Attract Most Search Demand What kinds of information are internet users looking for in relation to supermarkets? What are their search intentions? Almost 40 percent of search queries are conducted by users looking for special offers, leaflets, and products offered by the stores. The second largest share are search queries for information on the chain's branches, for example to find the nearest one to a certain location or to check opening hours. 11 percent are navigational queries. In these cases, users enter the supermarket's name or domain into the Google search box, indicating they have a specific site to visit in mind and use Google for convenience. A further 11 percent of queries are related to special services offered by the grocery chains. Among these are, for instance, cell phone contracts and travel services, Edeka's knowledge portal and Rewe's vacation packages. Kitchen Appliances in High Demand Aside from special offers, opening hours and services, internet users also regularly search for specific products. An in-depth analysis conducted by SEMrush showed that the type of product most often searched for in relation to the supermarkets are kitchen appliances. Making a distinction between supermarket chains with and without an online shop yielded interesting differences. For supermarkets running an online shop, most search queries are conducted by users looking for kitchen appliances, followed by TV sets and mattresses. The largest share of search queries related to supermarkets not running an online shop also came from users looking to upgrade their kitchens. However, the most popular search term by far was "Thermomix". This is the name of a specific kitchen appliance by the company Vorwerk. These queries reflect users with an interest in purchasing a Thermomix looking for the cheapest price. The second most popular product queries directed at supermarkets without online shops is tablets, followed by ice cream, the highest ranking genuine grocery product, in the third place. Lidl is Talked About Most On the Social Web, most conversations revolve around the discount store chain Lidl, followed by Rewe and Aldi. This includes mentions on social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram as well as blogs, boards, and news sites. On Twitter, men are discussing supermarkets far more often than women, accounting for almost 70 percent of tweets. Men and women also preferred different supermarkets to talk about. Men tweeted most about Real, Marktkauf, and Lidl, women's tweets most often referred to Tegut, Kaufland, and Netto. Our analysis of the supermarkets' own Social Media profiles showed that they most often post content related to raffles and recipes. Raffles generate most user engagement. While recipes are less often commented on or shared, there is high interest for posts containing information on special offers and sales. Methodology: The study evaluated Google search queries and Social Media mentions related to following 11 companies: Aldi, Edeka, Kaufland, Lidl, Marktkauf, Netto, Norma, Penny, Real, Rewe and Tegut. The study was conducted from November 22, 2016 through January 5, 2017. To measure demand for supermarket and discount grocery store chains in Google search, SEMrush evaluated the top 100 search queries for each chain. These are search queries that contain the chain's brand name in combination with other search terms. We excluded search queries containing the brand name only. Otherwise, these would have dominated the statistics while not allowing for a meaningful interpretation of search intention. The search volumes referred to in this study are monthly averages calculated by year. The Social Media analysis was conducted through text-based search queries using the social intelligence platform Brandwatch Analytics. Only publicly accessible German-language mentions of the supermarkets on social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, news sites, blogs, boards, review sites and video as well as photo platforms were included. In addition to tracking the relevant brand names through Social Media Monitoring, Brandwatch Channels was used to evaluate Social Analytics statistics of the companies' Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram accounts where these existed. Kaufland's current Instagram account did not exist at the beginning of the study period and is therefore not included (The account was set up on December 1.) About SEMrush: SEMrush is one of the world's leading competitive intelligence suites and an all-in-one platform for digital marketing professionals that provides data and analysis on websites' SEO, paid search, social media and link-building activities worldwide. On top of being a powerful competitive analysis toolkit, SEMrush offers necessary features to help companies optimize their own online presence such as site audit, brand monitoring and content tools. Twitter/Facebook: @SEMrushDE | Blog: de.semrush.com/blog  | Request demo: de.semrush.com/request-demo/ About Brandwatch: Brandwatch is the world's leading social intelligence company. The company's flagship products, Brandwatch Analytics and the Vizia platform, fuel smarter decision making around the world. The Brandwatch Analytics platform gathers millions of online conversations every day and provides users with the tools to analyze them, empowering the world's most admired brands and agencies to make insightful, data-driven business decisions. The Vizia platform distributes visually-engaging insights to the physical places where the action happens. The Brandwatch platform is used by over 1,200 brands and agencies, including Unilever, Whirlpool, British Airways, Asos, Walmart and Dell. Brandwatch continues on its impressive business trajectory, recently named a global leader in enterprise social listening platforms by the latest reports from several independent research firms. Increasing its worldwide presence, the company has offices around the world including Brighton, New York, San Francisco, Berlin, Stuttgart, Paris and Singapore. Brandwatch. Now you know. Twitter: @BrandwatchDE | Blog: Brandwatch Blog | Request demo:brandwatch.de/demo Contact Information Press contact SEMrush Inc. Ekaterina Parieva Marketing Manager DACH 8 Neshaminy Interplex Ste 207 Trevose, PA 19053 USA Mail: Email Contact Tel.: 0049 931 615 495 10 Web: https://de.semrush.com Blog: https://de.semrush.com/blog Twitter: @SEMrushDE Brandwatch GmbH Michaela Vogl Marketing Manager DACH Schönhauser Allee 112 D-10439 Berlin Mail: Email Contact Tel.: 0049 (0) 30 609 895 353 Web: http://www.brandwatch.de Blog: http://www.brandwatch.de/blog Twitter: @BrandwatchDE Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company SEMrush From this industry Computers and Software Food and Beverage Retail From this sub-industry Software Internet Retailers Supermarkets E-Commerce See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / What is Bixby? Samsung's new AI assistant explained What is Bixby? Samsung's new AI assistant explained by Joe Roberts 15 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments What is Bixby? We take a look at Samsung's new virtual assistant and Siri rival, Bixby, which arrives on the newly launched Galaxy S8 at the end of April. After months of rumours and leaks, the Galaxy S8 has been formally introduced, along with it's larger cousin, the Galaxy S8+. And it's a hell of a phone. A new design that actually brings some innovation to smartphone aesthetics, the latest hardware, and those all-important curvy edges on the screen. But there's one new feature that has us particularly intrigued. There's been a lot of talk about Samsung's AI ambitions since it last year snapped up Viv – an AI platform developed by the team behind Siri. Just what the company had planned remained unclear at first, but as the Galaxy S8 launch neared, reports of a new virtual assistant to rival the likes of Siri, and Google's recently launched Google Assistant, began to crop up. Now, all has been revealed, with Samsung confirming the presence of its new assistant, Bixby, on the upcoming Galaxy S8. So, just what is Bixby all about? Is it just another Siri clone, or has Samsung managed to transfer its smartphone design innovation to the AI aspect of its new handset? Lucky we're here to explain, isn't it? Related: Galaxy S8 vs S8+ The new Galaxy S8 What is Bixby? As mentioned, Bixby is Samsung's take on the personal virtual assistant. Think Siri, Cortana, and Google Assistant, but with a few extras thrown in. Here's Samsung on the new feature: "Samsung has a conceptually new philosophy to target this problem: instead of humans learning how a machine interacts with the world (a reflection of the designers’ abilities), it is the machine that needs to learn and adapt to us. The interface must be natural and intuitive enough to flatten the learning curve regardless of the number of functions being added. With this new approach, Samsung has employed artificial intelligence, reinforcing deep learning concepts to the core of our user interface designs. Bixby is the ongoing result of this effort." Mobile Editor Max Parker has had some brief hands-on time with the Galaxy S8, and got a feel for how the assistant works on the handset, but we're yet to test out Samsung's latest software feature in full. That said, there are a few things we know about it. Here are the main features: How does Bixby work? First, the leftmost homescreen is Bixby's main hub, where it will display news, your steps, your heart rate, suggested YouTube videos and more. The assistant will also pop up throughout the S8's software, offering helpful actions and suggestions. Bixby in apps Apps that have been enabled to work with Bixby will be able to make use of the assistant, which Samsung says will become capable of supporting almost every task that application includes. The company also promises its new assistant is a comprehensive tool in this regard, able to carry out many more tasks within specific apps than rival assistants. Naturally, users will be able to summon and speak to Bixby on command, and like Siri, you can ask it questions and it’ll carry out basic tasks. When using what Samsung is calling a "Bixby-enabled application", you'll be able to bring up the assistant at any time. The company says it will then understand the current context and state of the app you're using. Related: Galaxy S8 vs Galaxy S7 Which apps are actually Bixby-enabled? Well, at launch "a subset of pre-installed applications" are said to be able to play nice with the new assistant. Beyond that, we're not entirely sure how Bixby will be integrated into other apps, especially those from third-party developers. Samsung also says "Bixby will allow users to weave various modes of interactions including touch or voice at any context of the application, whichever they feel is most comfortable and intuitive". Just what this "weaving" entails remains a bit of a mystery, but it sounds as though you'll be able to interact with the assistant in whichever way you like, whether that's by voice or touch input, without having to worry about Bixby getting confused if you switch between these methods halfway through. And if you're worried about having to say some awkward activation phrase, you'll be pleased to hear there’s a dedicated Bixby button on the side of the Galaxy S8 and S8+. Pressing this will bring up the assistant so you can take advantage of the AI functionality without announcing it to the world. As Samsung explains: "Turning on and unlocking the phone, looking for the phone application, clicking on the contact bar to search for the person that you’re trying to call and pressing the phone icon to start dialling – you will be able to do all these steps with one push of the Bixby button and a simple command." Perhaps one of the most interesting features is the new ability to use Bixby with the Galaxy S8's camera. Samsung has provided a feature whereby you can use the camera to scan an item, then search online for the best price available. We're yet to test this out, but it sounds like a genuinely innovative addition, even if it is just another excuse to spend money. Using Bixby with voice Samsung says Bixby won't get confused if you don't say the exact phrase required to activate a particular action. The assistant is said to be smart enough to understand incomplete information, and will apparently start a task even if it didn't understand the whole of the command – carrying out the parts it did understand and waiting for you to fill in the gaps later with more commands. Sammy also promises "new voice interfaces" to make the whole thing as intuitive as possible, so it shouldn't take long to get used to Bixby's features. Bixby in the future Samsung says Bixby is just the first part of its plan for AI on smartphones. In the future, the company will be adding more Bixby-enabled apps, before releasing a tool (in SDK) which third-party developers will be able to use to make their applications and services Bixby-enabled. And it won't just be smartphones that benefit from the evolution of Bixby. Samsung has plans to add its new assistant to all its appliances, allowing you to "control your air conditioner or TV through Bixby". It says it will do this by using Cloud technology, so that as long as a device has an internet connection and" simple circuitry to receive voice inputs", it will be able to connect with Bixby. It's all designed to bring the assistant to every aspect of your life, which is precisely what Amazon is trying to do with its Alexa assistant and Echo device, and what numerous others, such as Google and Apple are working towards Unfortunately, Samsung's being a tad cagey on when certain Bixby features will be available in specific regions. The latest information we have is that Bixby will be available on all Samsung S8 smartphones at launch, but its Voice function will only be available in Korean and US English from May. More languages will be supported over time, according to the company. Whether UK users will be able to take advantage of all Bixby's features from May, by using the US English version, remains unclear at this point, but we should hear more in the near future. Related: Amazon Echo vs Dot vs Tap Excited to try out Bixby? Let us know in the comments below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Thursday, March 30, 2017  |  Rajab 2, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Samsung Galaxy S8 (Photo by Peter Nowak) Forget Apple, Samsung is now following Google and Amazon Peter Nowak March 29, 2017 Updated: March 29, 2017 08:26 PM Related Amazon purchase of Souq.com gets warm reception from consumers in UAE Peter Nowak: The reality behind augmented reality is that it’s overhyped Peter Nowak: You know what really pushes my button? Pushing buttons Peter Nowak: The internet’s ruin begins with gadget fanboys Nokia and BlackBerry should stay where they belong – in the past Related Amazon purchase of Souq.com gets warm reception from consumers in UAE Peter Nowak: The reality behind augmented reality is that it’s overhyped Peter Nowak: You know what really pushes my button? Pushing buttons Peter Nowak: The internet’s ruin begins with gadget fanboys One way to get a sense of where the technology industry winds are currently blowing is to take a look at which companies Samsung is emulating. By that measure, judging by the host of products announced by the South Korean electronics giant this week, Apple is yesterday’s news. It’s a Google and Amazon world we’re living in now. Samsung’s marquee new product is, of course, the Galaxy S8 and its larger S8 Plus sibling. The flagship smartphones, going on sale in certain markets in April, will be hugely important for the company. The S8 is Samsung’s effort at a rebound from the unmitigated disaster that was the Galaxy Note 7, which was subject to a global recall and then cancellation because of faulty batteries. The fiasco is costing Samsung billions of dollars in lost profits and brand damage. I had some time with the new Galaxy devices at a press event in Toronto this week, and they look solid. Whether the batteries can keep from exploding, only time will tell. The S8 phones have been redesigned so that they’re almost all screen now. Their physical home buttons have been removed and replaced with a virtual one built right into the displays. The same goes for the fingerprint sensor. About 83 per cent of the devices’ surface areas are now displays, according to Samsung. There’s almost no bezel, so that’s a lot of visual real estate on the 5.8-inch S8 and the 6.2-inch S8 Plus. The devices’ big new feature, however, is the addition of Bixby, Samsung’s take on the personal voice assistant. Bixby can answer trivia questions, set calendar events and provide general help based on predicting its users’ behaviour. If you call your spouse every day at a certain time, for example, it will eventually remind you to do so if you forget. It’s hard not to draw comparisons to Google Assistant, which launched on Google’s Pixel phones in the autumn and recently expanded to other Android devices. Samsung says Bixby has a leg up on its competitor because it also has visual intelligence. Point your phone’s camera at a product, for example, and it will bring up a list of places online where that item can be purchased. There are existing apps out there that perform similar functions, including Google Goggles, so it remains to be seen how this function is unique or whether it really is an advantage. One thing is certain at this point – Samsung feels like it has to be in the artificial intelligence space because of what its competitors are doing. Google Assistant is itself a response to Amazon’s artificially intelligent Alexa tool, which is quickly invading a wide cross-section of products, from home speakers and appliances to cars. Amazon recently added Alexa capability to its iPhone app, which means the company is going to make inroads in the mobile world despite not even having its own phone. Alexa is ironically competing with Apple’s own AI assistant Siri on the iPhone, a situation that Samsung also now finds itself in. Since the Galaxy S8 is an Android device, users will be able to choose between Bixby and Google Assistant. In both cases, Amazon and Google hold big leads over Apple and Samsung in what is becoming an increasingly important technology. Besides Bixby, the South Kor­ean company is also emulating Google with several other new products. The upcoming Samsung Connect Home is similar to Google Wi-Fi, a home router released by the search company late last year. Both aim to deliver better Wi-Fi connections and home automation. Samsung is also adding a hand-held controller to its Gear VR virtual reality headset. The cynic might suggest it’s a blatant copy of the controller included with Google’s Daydream View headset, which launched last autumn. The new product line-up brings up memories of Apple suing Samsung in 2011 for allegedly copying the iPhone and iPad. Apple charged that Samsung had ripped off basic ideas with its Galaxy line-up, including the look and feel of the respective products. US courts agreed and awarded Apple hundreds of millions of dollars in damages. The final amount is still being disputed in appeals courts. There isn’t much trace of Apple’s products in Samsung’s new line-up, but it probably isn’t because of any remaining sting from that lawsuit. It’s more likely because the iPhone maker hasn’t done much of interest in years. The real action is coming from Google and Amazon. And now, just like then, Samsung doesn’t want to get left behind. The tech week’s winner and loser Winner of the Week: Souq.com. After months of speculation, the Dubai-based online marketplace has finally been acquired by Amazon. While it might not have fetched the billion-dollar valuation the company had previously been estimated it, the sale still represents a win for investors and saves Souq from the difficult task of finding growth opportunities. Loser of the Week: American internet users. The US Congress on Tuesday voted against online privacy rules, thereby allowing internet providers to sell information on consumers’ browsing habits to advertisers without their consent. Peter Nowak is a veteran technology writer and the author of Humans 3.0: The Upgrading of the Species. business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Technology Selling private data comes with a risk in the UAE Amazon purchase of Souq.com gets warm reception from consumers in UAE Forget Apple, Samsung is now following Google and Amazon Hyperloop more than just hype, promises chairman of LA based developer MOST VIEWED Business | All Hyperpanda to shutter its doors in Dubai Festival City Laptop ban is ‘not acceptable’, says head of global airline group Amazon purchase of Souq.com gets warm reception from consumers in UAE Selling private data comes with a risk in the UAE A hospital service for aircraft engines in Abu Dhabi – in pictures Abu Dhabi renter is confused whether animals are allowed on property Emirates mulls loaning laptops to passengers amid US ban Future of industry: Strata to create jobs with Al Ain plant investment Vice to start hiring as it targets Middle East millennials FGB shares to be delisted on Thursday ahead of merger with NBAD More Most Viewed Officials backtrack on move to reduce speed limits on Emirates and Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed roads Watch Dubai Crown Prince help pull stuck lorry out of the desert Yemen and allies close to dealing ‘debilitating blow’ to Iran, Hadi tells Arab League Hyperpanda to shutter its doors in Dubai Festival City Laptop ban is ‘not acceptable’, says head of global airline group Three-day mourning period in Fujairah after death of Deputy Ruler Algal bloom the size of Mexico could threaten UAE marine life, experts say UAE gamers voice anger as Discord chat app blocked by Etisalat Iran sends Afghan proxy forces to Yemen as support for Houthis increases More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Emirates mulls loaning laptops to passengers amid US ban Devoted UAE residents finding ways to monetise their popular Facebook groups Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Officials backtrack on move to reduce speed limits on Emirates and Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed roads Watch Dubai Crown Prince help pull stuck lorry out of the desert Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Samsung goes after Apple at home with new Connect Home hub 268 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? The Samsung Connect Home is a Wi-Fi router and smart home hub. Image: lili sams/mashable By Raymond Wong2017-03-29 15:00:00 UTC Setting up a smart home is no easy task. First you need to decide what smart home platform you want (Amazon Echo, Google Home, Apple HomeKit, Samsung SmartThings, or maybe something else?) and then you need to find smart devices that are compatible with it. Though Samsung's owned SmartThings for a few years now, the platform isn't exactly as approachable as the Echo, HomeKit or Google Home. To change that, Samsung's introducing two things: a new smart home hub called the Samsung Connect Home and a new smart home app called Samsung Connect. SEE ALSO: How to order a pizza with Amazon Alexa or Google Home At its core, the Samsung Connect Home is a 2x2 MIMO (multiple input, multiple output) Wi-Fi router that acts as the hub for connecting all of your smart home and Internet-of-Things devices. There's also a more powerful 4x4 MIMO Connect Home Pro. Any SmartThings-compatible device can connect to the Connect Home, including Philips Hue light bulbs and internet-connected Samsung devices such as the company's smart refrigerators and robot vacuums. While one Connect Home will suffice for most homes, you can also purchase and connect additional Connect Home hubs to create a mesh network to better blanket your home with Wi-Fi, just like with Google Wifi, Eero or Luma. Connect multiple Connect Homes together and you've got a Wi-Fi mesh network. Image: LILI SAMS/MASHABLE By itself, the Connect Home is an elegant solution that plays nice with many different devices, but it's the Connect app that ties everything together. With the app, you've got a centralized command center where you can monitor and control all of your devices. In addition to using it to turn devices on and off, you can also use the app to create automated schedules for certain tasks. For example, you could use the app to tell your Samsung robot vacuum to clean up your home at a set time after you leave for work. The app is very much Samsung's answer to Apple's own Home app introduced with iOS 10. The fact that it's accessible within the notification panel on the Galaxy S8 and S8+ (also similar to the Home panel within Control Center) suggests Samsung is getting serious about the smart home. The kiddie gloves are now off. WATCH: Samsung has unveiled the new Galaxy S8, and it's beautiful Topics: Gadgets, galaxy s8, samsung, samsung-connect, smart home, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Samsung Galaxy S8: Hands on with the world's most ambitious phone Watch | Hands on: Samsung Galaxy S8 01:33 James Titcomb 30 March 2017 • 7:05am Samsung has a lot riding on the S8. Its last big phone launch went down in flames, Apple’s iPhone 7 is setting sales records even without a headphone jack, and to make matters worse it now has fierce competition from Google’s Pixel. The company certainly isn’t shying away from expectations though. Its marketing in the run-up to the S8 has boasted about reinventing the smartphone - taking it away from the boxy designs we’ve become used to, and their compromises. At a media event just before the S8’s launch, Samsung’s Rory O’Neill said mobile phones had been confined by their design - a trade-off between getting the larger screens we all want without having to carry around huge phones. The S8, he said, fixes all that. Its two models - the S8 and S8+ - fit massive 5.8-inch and 6.2-inch screens in a svelte package. After some time with the S8 and S8+, it’s clear that Samsung has stepped up its game this year. But what is it like to use? Design Just by looking at the S8, you can see that Samsung has done something new. Apart from a couple of thin strips at the top and bottom (the camera has to go somewhere), it’s all screen. The curved display from the S7 Edge, which wraps around the sides, features on both models and there’s no buttons on the front, a first for Samsung. Samsung has stuck to physical home buttons in recent years while others have abandoned them, but the S8 features a pressure sensitive screen instead. The fingerprint reader has moved to the back of the phone, next to the camera. In recent years, bigger screens have had to mean bigger phones, but the larger-screened S8 is actually more slender than its predecessor. The S8+ is significantly narrower and only a smidgen taller than the iPhone 7 Plus or Google Pixel XL, while packing in a bigger display. Credit: James Titcomb This means Samsung have been able to push the boundaries of what’s reasonable for one-handed phone use. Most plus-sized phones max out at around 5.5 inches but the 6.2-inch S8+ felt perfectly comfortable in my hands. Samsung’s cheated here slightly - the screen sizes include the curves, so aren’t quite a like-for-like comparison with rivals - but it’s still impressive. The screens are taller than you might be used to - the aspect ratio is 18.5:9 rather than the 16:9 of most devices - but this is actually useful for most of the things you do on a phone, such as scrolling through social media feeds or mobile websites. Aside from the screen, the S8 comes in three colours on the back: black, silver and grey (the front is black on all of them). Specs As you’d expect with a new phone, Samsung has upped the processing power. It’s iterative - a 10 per cent faster central processor and 20 per cent faster graphics than the S7 - but smartphones are approaching the limit of what’s useful here. The camera’s specs are similar to the S7, which had one of the best around. The camera app’s design has changed slightly - you can now slide back and forth along the bottom of the screen to zoom in and out - and there are filters and Snapchat-style face lenses. Key specs | Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Samsung is choosing not to go down the dual lens route that Apple and Huawei have adopted, so you’re still relying on digital zoom. The main difference Samsung is touting is “multi frame image processing”. That means when you take a photo the phone takes three and uses two of them to sharpen the first. Samsung’s cameras are up there with the best, but it’s impossible to measure this in the demo room. Software The S8 runs Android 7.0 and zips around nicely enough as you’d expect, and from an initial glance there doesn’t appear to be too much of the unnecessary bloatware that Samsung has been criticised before. There are not a whole lot of software innovations here. Android’s multi-window feature, which allows you to run two apps side by side on the phone screen, has been around for a while but could be particularly useful on the taller screen. The always-on screen that shows the time and notifications also returns. Credit: James Titcomb There’s facial recognition for the first time. The Note 7 had iris scanning which was a little clunky, but the S8’s facial recognition seemed very easy and quick in the demo. If you’re one of those people that doesn’t like fingerprint readers on the back of the phone, you might prefer this. Bixby The S8 will also feature Bixby, Samsung’s new intelligent assistant. The company says Bixby is a bigger deal than Siri or Google Assistant - as well as simply asking for the weather, it will be deeply integrated with the phone’s everyday functions such as taking photos and sending them to people. Samsung has put a dedicated Bixby button on the S8 on the left hand side, but I wasn’t able to try it out because it won’t launch in the UK until later this year. Everything else The S8 is IP68 water resistant, so will deal with most day to day liquid accidents It is capable of download speeds of up to 1GBps on the latest mobile networks The battery capacity is roughly on a par with last year’s S7, although with the bigger screen it remains to be seen how it stands up to scrutiny It charges over USB-C as well as with wireless charging Yes, there's a headphone jack Share this article Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest READ MORE ABOUT: Samsung Galaxy Android Mobile phones Samsung Show more Technology latest 29 Mar 2017, 7:53pm Samsung Galaxy S8 launch: How the internet reacted 29 Mar 2017, 7:52pm Comic Sans creator reveals bizarre reason why font was made  29 Mar 2017, 6:25pm Samsung DeX gadget transforms the Galaxy S8 into a PC 29 Mar 2017, 6:24pm Samsung Galaxy S8 launch: Samsung reveals its long-awaited iPhone killer 29 Mar 2017, 6:05pm Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+: UK price, release date and pre-order information 29 Mar 2017, 5:06pm Google wants humans and machines to create 'new kind of music' 29 Mar 2017, 3:09pm Donald Trump is being trolled by a disobedient robot on Twitter 29 Mar 2017, 2:24pm Robots could soon be delivering delicious pizza to a street near you  29 Mar 2017, 1:18pm This simple Apple update will make your iPhone faster and free up space 29 Mar 2017, 11:37am What is encryption, how does it work and what apps use it? 29 Mar 2017, 9:50am Plans unveiled for incredible skyscraper that hangs from orbiting asteroid 29 Mar 2017, 8:35am Samsung Galaxy S8: UK release date, price, specs and rumours 01:49 29 Mar 2017, 6:00am How artificial intelligence has evolved over time 28 Mar 2017, 8:54pm The future of food shopping? Amazon launches 'no checkout' grocery service 28 Mar 2017, 7:57pm Why you should never ask Amazon’s Alexa the value of Pi 28 Mar 2017, 7:17pm Samsung store suffers fire mishap a day before Galaxy S8 launch  28 Mar 2017, 5:45pm Your Facebook News Feed is about to look very different – here's why   28 Mar 2017, 2:43pm Elon Musk wants to merge brains and computers with Matrix-style technology 28 Mar 2017, 2:12pm Gender-neutral emoji approved for 2017 28 Mar 2017, 11:00am Square: Jack Dorsey's payments company launches in the UK 02:07 28 Mar 2017, 10:38am Google Home: AI speaker to launch in the UK next week If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017
About Advertise Partners MenuHome Headlines Entertainment -Music -Movies -Television -Books Week In Photos -Entertainment Photos -Lifestyle -National News Health Business Sports Tech Misc. -People -Press Releases Home Headlines Entertainment Music Movies Television Books Week In Photos Entertainment Photos Lifestyle National News Health Business Sports Tech Misc. People Press Releases Home / Headlines / Google Partners with Howard University to Increase Diversity Google Partners with Howard University to Increase Diversity By Amanda Rey on March 27, 2017 Tweet Pin It Looks like Google is trying something new to boost diversity within the company. The tech company is partnering with Howard University to launch Howard West, a three-month summer Computer Science residency for juniors and seniors in the University’s Computer Science program. Howard University calls the announcement a “major step forward” for Googles efforts to recruit and keep diverse talent, as reported by CNN. The launch of Howard West serves as the university’s President Dr. Wayne A. I. Frederick’s vision to expand Howard’s presence to the West Coast. “Howard West will produce hundreds of industry-ready Black computer science graduates, future leaders with the power to transform the global technology space into a stronger, more accurate reflection of the world around us,” Fredrick said in a statement. “We envisioned this program with bold outcomes in mind – to advance a strategy that leverages Howard’s high quality faculty and Google’s expertise, while also rallying the tech industry and other thought leaders around the importance of diversity in business and the communities they serve.” The 25 to 30 students selected for the summer program will be taught by senior Google engineers and Howard faculty on Google’s Mountain View campus, as stated on CNN. The residency includes an awesome workspace and stipend that will cover housing and additional expenses. Students who participate in the program will also obtain 12 credits toward graduation. We’re partnering with @HowardU to open #HowardWest, a new campus in Mountain View for Black computer science majors: https://t.co/Z1z1UMozBJ pic.twitter.com/v9VXLQ1A3N — Google (@Google) March 23, 2017 The tech giant has continued to struggle with lack of diversity. According to CNN, Google’s most recent annual diversity report shows the company has not made any improvements on increasing diversity. “Only 2% of Google’s total workforce was black, while 3% were Hispanic at the end of 2015. The results were the same as the year before, when the company first released its internal numbers.” Not too long ago, Google pledged to donate $11.5 million to fight racial bias in policing and sentencing. According to USAToday, Google is giving out $11.5 million in grants to organizations combating racial disparities in the criminal justice system. Along with the generous donation, back in 2015, Google donated $2.35 million to community organizations in the San Francisco Bay Area fighting systemic racism in America’s criminal justice, prison, and educational systems. Photo Credit: iStock Related ItemsGoogleHBCUHoward UniversityHoward West Tweet Pin It ← Previous Story New Netflix Film “Burning Sands” Tackles Black Greek Hazing You may also like... Hampton University President Is Not a Fan of BET’s ‘The Quad’ HBCU Talladega College’s Marching Band to Perform at Trump Inauguration Google Honors Lindy-Hop Ambassador Frankie Manning You must be logged in to post a comment Login Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Advertisement Latest By Amanda Rey Target Diversifies Nude Lingerie Line With More Color Options YAY! Target’s new lingerie collection just made it easier to find the perfect nude. The discount retailer announced plans to add four new color choices that counteracts brands that... Amanda Rey | March 27, 2017 Google Partners with Howard University to Increase Diversity Amanda Rey | March 20, 2017 Jay Z Becomes the First Rapper Inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame Amanda Rey | March 20, 2017 Dave Chappelle Is Back And Coming To Netflix Advertisement Popular Latest Comments Staff Contributor | January 5, 2012 The Estate of Michael Jackson Plans Grauman’s Chinese Theatre Hand & Footprint Ceremony Staff Contributor | October 4, 2013 Steve Harvey’s Shocking Revelation About Being Homeless Meredith Seay | June 26, 2014 Anthony Mackie Joins Cast of ‘The Avengers: Age of Ultron’ Amanda Rey | March 29, 2017 Target Diversifies Nude Lingerie Line With More Color Options Amanda Rey | March 27, 2017 Google Partners with Howard University to Increase Diversity Amanda Rey | March 20, 2017 Jay Z Becomes the First Rapper Inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame renelew says: Thank you for your lovely tribute to my daugh... 100%bitch124 says: love her, hope it smell good she rules for me... jason true aaliyah fan says: maybe zendaya's father didn't want to be invo... Advertisement Around The Web Loading... About UrbanMecca Established in 1997, UrbanMecca.com (Formally known as BlackWeb.net) is a news magazine focusing on black news and African American Interest news of all types. Tags music television Movies featured legal sports Business Beyonce health couples hip hop charity politics Obama Jay-Z education Kanye West Rihanna Oprah Winfrey Michael Jackson black history racism Nicki Minaj Chris Brown Michelle Obama books Drake technology fashion local civil rights Lil Wayne Usher Alicia Keys Kevin Hart Will Smith 50 Cent T.I. Kerry Washington Tyler Perry Copyright © 2015 UrbanMecca.com About Advertise Partners
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Snap Amazon NASA News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt NYGet Big Savings On Disrupt NY Tickets Before It's Too Late Sign Up To Save Today! Hardware Your next smartphone is not going to be a revolution Android co-founder’s new smartphone confirmed to run Android Live from Samsung’s Galaxy S8 press conference Browse more... Samsung Crunch Report | New Samsung Galaxy S8 & S8+ Phones Your next smartphone is not going to be a revolution Live from Samsung’s Galaxy S8 press conference Browse more... galaxy s8 Live from Samsung’s Galaxy S8 press conference Samsung’s Galaxy S8 and S8+ are exactly what leaks suggested, and that’s a good thing Everything we think we know about the Samsung Galaxy S8 Browse more... Bixby Everything we think we know about the Samsung Galaxy S8 Bixby is Samsung’s new ‘intelligent interface’ for smartphones and beyond Browse more... Samsung’s Bixby lays the groundwork for the company’s smart home play Posted 16 hours ago by Brian Heater (@bheater) 0 SHARES Next Story Samsung adds a controller to the Gear VR, will bundle both with Galaxy S8 pre-orders The Galaxy S8’s main selling point still isn’t fully formed. Announced the week leading up to today’s main event, Bixby is as much a key building block for the company moving forward as it is a shiny new piece of a flagship phone. The company is finally ready to make its play for the smart home, and the new messenger is going to be a key component. Consider this: The company hasn’t been nearly as aggressive in its bid to provide a unifying presence for connected-home devices. Sure, the company picked up SmartThings back in 2014, but the Kickstarter-funded company hasn’t promoted the technology with the same push as Amazon’s Echo or Apple’s HomeKit, even as interest in the technology has skyrocket. Strange, given the fact that it has the pieces to make a uniquely appealing play in a sea of like-minded solutions. After all, Samsung’s got something that Apple, Google and Amazon don’t: its own line of connected-home devices, from smart fridges to robotic vacuums. This week at Unpacked, the company is showcasing some key steps toward unification. In discussing the unveiling, the company has made mention of its “overall ecosystem strategy,” tied together through Bixby Home. The assistant will provide a centralized location akin to Apple Home, wherein users can control and monitor connected devices and set automated multiple smart home behaviors based on things like user proximity or time of day, similar to what Apple offers with Scenes. It’s clear, of course, that the Galaxy S8 is just the first step in Bixby’s growth. It likely won’t be long before the assistant rolls out to the rest of the company’s myriad device categories, starting with the a new router that was also announced at today’s event. Samsung’s growing home router play (which includes a number of 5G devices unveiled at MWC), is one speaker and integrated smart assistant away from taking on Echo and Google Home. Don’t be surprised if the company launches one of these devices by year’s end. Even if Samsung for some reason fails to make good on that promise, the company again has plenty of devices in the wild to lean on. Apple has already made it clear that the Apple TV is going to be a centerpiece of the company’s connected-home strategy. In lieu of a low-priced Echo-like device, the set-top box is the closest the company has to an always-on connect product that can serve as a smart-home hub. Samsung, for its part, has already announced that it’s going all-in on connected sets, giving all sets some level of smartness, moving forward. That’s a tremendous potential install base for the company. Pair that with all of the company’s connected washers and driers, refrigerators and the like, and we’re talking a large population of users who may have already opted into the company’s larger smart-home play without knowing it. It’s for this reason Samsung’s decision to build its own Smart Assistant makes perfect sense. Sure, on mobile Bixby feels like another me-too play as Siri and Alexa are already battling it out for Android users, but Samsung’s move is much larger, and like Amazon’s low-cost Echo, the company has been laying the groundwork all along. That means that, while Bixby is late to the party, adoption should be simple for anyone with a Galaxy device and connected Samsung home product. The company has been laying the groundwork for a larger product ecosystem, and if things go according to plan, the company’s new home assistant will be the thing that connects those dots. Of course, Bixby has to actually make it out into the world. And like Google’s Assistant, the platform’s success will depend in part on how many mobile devices it makes it on to. It was Google’s somewhat delayed roll out that helped open the door for Amazon’s Alexa play on mobile. The S8 and S8+ will launch with the virtual assistant, and certainly the next Note device and any flagship tablets from the company. But in order to make Bixby the ubiquitous language the company is hoping for, it’s going to have to extend beyond even Samsung devices. The company will need to bring its assistant to the Google Play — and dare I say it — Apple App stores. One of the key problems these assistants are working to solve is the creation of a unified, cross-device hub, rather than separate logins for each individual smart-home component. As such, the company will need to ensure that Bixby is integrated with as many devices as possible. The company’s stated third-party support for apps will be a big piece of that puzzle, but opening up the assistant to more mobile platforms will be a solid way to help loop people in to the assistant and overcome the company’s late start to the party. Still, the company will, at the very least, have a unique entry into the ever-escalating fight for the smart home. Like Apple, Amazon and Google, the company has found its own way into the space. And in some respects, Samsung may actually have the strongest potential foundation for a killer smart-home play, between Smart Things and a wide range of connected home appliances. Bixby might be hampered by a late arrival out of the gate, but if the company plays its cards right and delivers some truly seamless integration across devices, it may have hope for uniting the smart home after all. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Samsung Electronics Founded 1969 Overview Samsung Electronics is a South Korean multinational electronics company engaged in consumer electronics, information technology and mobile communications, and device solutions businesses worldwide. The company develops, manufactures, and sells various consumer products, including mobile phones, tablets, televisions, Blu-ray players, DVD players, home theater systems, digital cameras, and camcorders; … Location Suwon, 17 Categories Semiconductor, Medical Device, Hardware, Electronics Website http://www.samsung.com/us Full profile for Samsung Electronics Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Uber Releases Its Diversity Report | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Samsung galaxy s8 Bixby Hardware Popular Posts Featured Stories Racial Justice with Google.org VIDEO | 8:29 | Bullish Facebook will launch group chatbots at F8 10 hours ago | Josh Constine Rover and DogVacay merge to dominate the pet-sitting market 13 hours ago | Katie Roof, Ryan Lawler Everything you need to know about Congress’ decision to expose your data to internet providers 15 hours ago | Devin Coldewey Samsung’s Galaxy S8 and S8+ are exactly what leaks suggested, and that’s a good thing 16 hours ago | Brian Heater Latest From TechCrunch Crunch Report | New Samsung Galaxy S8 & S8+ Phones 4 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze The Deck ad network is shutting down 5 hours ago | Anthony Ha It sounds like Munchery’s early investors are screwed 5 hours ago | Megan Rose Dickey Don’t give that GoFundMe to buy Republicans’ browser histories your money 6 hours ago | Taylor Hatmaker Comment moderation powered by Up Next Samsung adds a controller to the Gear VR, will bundle both with Galaxy S8 pre-orders Posted 16 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Local Market Sales Representative at Yumi (San Francisco, CA, United States) Two Sigma Ventures Investment Associate at Two Sigma Investments (New York, NY, United States) Public Relations Director at LaunchSquad (Boston, MA, United States) Business Development Associate at LaunchSquad (San Francisco, CA, United States) Digital Strategies / Webmaster Director at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Winston-Salem, NC, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report | New Samsung Galaxy S8 & S8+ Phones 4 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze The Deck ad network is shutting down 5 hours ago by Anthony Ha It sounds like Munchery’s early investors are screwed 5 hours ago by Megan Rose Dickey Don’t give that GoFundMe to buy Republicans’ browser histories your money 6 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Watch the Senate’s open hearing on Russian election interference Thursday 7 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Your next smartphone is not going to be a revolution 7 hours ago by Brian Heater Waymo pursued arbitration with Anthony Levandowski before it sued Uber 8 hours ago by Kate Conger AdSemble launches a self-serve platform for buying digital billboard ads 8 hours ago by Anthony Ha Amazon to shut down Diapers.com and other Quidsi sites 9 hours ago by Sarah Perez Is technology contributing to increased inequality? 10 hours ago by Christoffer O. Hernæs
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Android Wear 2.0 Released For Tag Heuer, Fossil, And Casio Smartwatches By Adnan Farooqui on 03/29/2017 07:38 PDT Google may have confirmed the release of Android Wear 2.0 last month and brought it to market with two new smartwatches called the LG Watch Style and LG Watch Sport but it’s yet to roll it out for existing smartwatches. That’s changing today. It has has been confirmed which are the three existing Android Wear smartwatches that are now receiving the much-awaited Android Wear 2.0 update. Google was actually going to release Android Wear 2.0 late last year but it decided to delay the release because it felt that more time was required to polish the update. It released it on February 8th alongside two new smartwatches from LG. A Google Community Manager has confirmed on the official Android Wear support page that the Android Wear 2.0 update is first rolling out to the Tag Heuer Connected, Fossil Q Founder, and Casio Smart Outdoor Watch wearable devices. The community manager further added that the Android Wear 2.0 update is rolling out starting today for these handsets and that it will land on all devices by no later than April 4th. The Huawei Watch was also expected to be one of the first to receive this update, it was said to get this update in March, but Google’s list doesn’t include this smartwatch at this point in time. So it may be a while before Android Wear 2.0 is released for Huawei Watch owners. Filed in Gadgets. Read more about Android Wear, Android Wear 2.0 and Google. Related Articles 2017-03-24 Hugo Boss Android Wear Smartwatch Announced 2017-03-14 Tag Heuer Connected Android Wear 2.0 Update Arrives Soon 2017-02-28 Fossil To Update Their Smartwatches To Android Wear 2.0 Mid-March 2017-02-17 Sony SmartWatch 3 Owners Petition For Android Wear 2.0 2017-02-15 Sony SmartWatch 3 Android Wear 2.0 Release Ruled Out 2017-02-05 Android Wear 2.0 Release May Take Place Earlier 2017-01-25 Final Android Wear 2.0 Preview Released 2017-01-12 Android Wear 2.0 Release Likely Next Month Woman's Headphones Explode Mid-Flight Google And Levi's Smart Jacket Launches This Fall For $350 Pre-Order Project Scorpio Page Goes Live On Microsoft Store ‘Smart’ Teddy Bear Leaks 2 Million Recordings Of Kids And Their Parents Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES News Broadcast Accidentally Tells Alexa To Order Dollhouses User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Advertising BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The world's biggest ad-buying firm has jumped on Google's woes by offering a tool to buy 'safe' YouTube ads Lara O'Reilly Mar. 29, 2017, 11:00 AM 3,739 facebook linkedin twitter email print A Trivago pre-roll ad appears ahead of video from YouTube creator "PointlessBlogVlogs."YouTube GroupM, the world's biggest ad-buying company, is partnering with a video analytics firm to offer a tool that helps advertisers buy "brand-safe" ads on YouTube. The launch comes in the wake of dozens of global brands pulling their spending from YouTube and Google after finding their ads appeared next to objectionable content on the video platform or websites the online ad giant monetizes through its ad technology. WPP-owned GroupM announced Wednesday it is forming a partnership with OpenSlate, which gives YouTube content a score for quality and brand safety and provides reporting on where ads ran. GroupM says this should help eliminate some of the risks of advertising on a platform where much of the content is user-generated — which can lead to brands appearing next to the types of undesirable videos or articles they wouldn't like to be associated with. Google explained last week that more than 400 hours of user-generated video are uploaded to YouTube every minute and thousands of websites are added to Google's AdSense network daily, which makes it difficult to police. The company also announced a hiring spree, an update to its policies, and improvements to its advertiser controls in an attempt to mitigate the problem, which one analyst predicted could cost $750 million in lost revenue. But while Google works to get there, GroupM is jumping on the opportunity to tell its clients that it can protect them from their ads appearing anywhere untoward.  GroupM is finally chipping away at YouTube's walled garden As Business Insider reported last week, many sources within the advertising industry speculated that advertising agencies may use the furor surrounding the YouTube advertiser boycott as leverage to push for what they really want from Google, including data. One UK advertising executive speculated that a media agency network could now theoretically say: "If we put [YouTube] inventory through our filter, we will clean it up, make it safe, and make a fortune on the side." GroupM doesn't appear to be directly "making a fortune" with this product, however. A company spokesperson told Business Insider that while advertisers will have to pay a little more to use the OpenSlate service — just like they would with any other third-party vendor for measurement, verification, or brand safety — GroupM isn't taking a fee or margin from this additional cost. But indirectly, GroupM is on the cusp of a goldmine. Google is often accused by the ad industry of being a "walled garden" because it doesn't offer advertisers or agency trading desks the ability to run tracking pixels and cookies on YouTube inventory. Advertisers and agencies want to do that so they can use data from YouTube campaigns to inform what they are doing elsewhere on the web. Agencies are also forced to buy YouTube inventory via Google's DoubleClick Bid Manager, rather than third-party demand-side platforms. GroupM says its new OpenSlate solution will work across reservation media — including Google Preferred, where brands can pay a premium to only appear amongst the most popular content across its platforms, such as music videos and content created by its YouTube stars — and auction-based inventory bought via AdWords and DoubleClick Bid Manager. GroupM's clients will also be the first to access OpenSlate's reports about where their ads actually ran when they paid the extra for Google's Preferred service. And GroupM gets that data too. This in itself is quite a development as some advertising sources who have spoken to Business Insider have expressed concerns about their expensive Google Preferred ads appearing next to lots of kids videos — content that may have amassed millions of views but is unlikely to have been watched by an adult consumer that would be capable of actually buying their products. Not only that, but with GroupM getting access to reporting data, it may have finally found a means to chip away at that once-solid walled garden. Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: The real motivations behind the growing YouTube advertiser boycott NOW WATCH: A Navy SEAL explains why you should end a shower with cold water Loading video... More: YouTube YouTube Advertiser Boycott Google WPP GroupM Brand Safety facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The world's biggest ad-buying firm has jumped on Google's woes by offering a tool to buy 'safe' YouTube ads The world's biggest ad-buying firm has jumped on Google's woes by offering a tool to buy 'safe' YouTube ads GroupM, the world's biggest ad-buying company... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Advertising Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Tech Search Search Sign In ImmigrationMexican Man Freed After Arrest Despite His Protected 'Dreamer' Status myanmarOne Year On, Aung San Suu Kyi Struggles to Unite a Fractured Myanmar indonesiaMissing Indonesian Man Found Dead Inside a 23-Ft. Python ChinaThe Saga of a Sydney Academic Stuck in China Spotlights the Limits of Beijing’s Soft Power Smartphones Meet the Galaxy S8, Samsung's Most Important Phone Ever Lisa Eadicicco Mar 29, 2017 Samsung on Wednesday revealed two new flagship smartphones, a move the company hopes will help it recover from the financial and public relations debacle sparked by its problem-plagued Galaxy Note 7. Those devices, released last fall, were recalled shortly thereafter due to overheating batteries. The Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+, as the new phones are named, will go on sale April 21. The price will vary depending on the carrier: Verizon will sell the Galaxy S8 for $720 (or $30 per month) and the Galaxy S8+ for $840 (or $35 per month.) T-Mobile will be offering the Galaxy S8 for $750 (or $30 per month) while the larger model will cost $850 (or $30 per month). A new pair of flagship handsets is always a big deal for any smartphone maker. But the latest Galaxy models bear the extra burden of helping Samsung retain its spot atop the Android phone market after the Note 7 recall, as well as amid increasing competition from rivals like Apple, Google and Huawei. Apple is expected to introduce new iPhone models in September, Google launched its first truly self-made device last year to rave reviews, and Chinese manufacturers like Huawei and OnePlus are making inroads in the U.S. market and abroad. In an effort to prevent issues like those that affected the Note 7, both of Samsung's new phones have been built following the company's new battery protocol, which calls for an eight-point safety check. If that new quality control process works as planned, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ could succeed in reversing the company's misfortunes. Based on the time I spent with the phones during a media preview, both devices appeared to be promising contenders, thanks to new features like an impressive edge-to-edge screen, a new virtual assistant, and facial recognition technology. Related SmartphonesTake a Look at Apple's New Special Edition iPhone 7 Smartphones Take a Look at Apple's New Special Edition iPhone 7 Pick up one of the Samsung's new Galaxy devices and the first thing you'll notice is how big the screen looks. The Galaxy S8 features a 5.8-inch display, while the larger model boasts a 6.2-inch display, both of which are notably larger than the Galaxy S7's 5.1 inches and the Galaxy 7 Edge's 5.5 inches. Samsung here ditched the home button in favor of a touch sensor, allowing the screen to be embiggened without making the device physically larger. A slimmer profile, meanwhile, helps the devices feel more manageable to hold than their predecessors. On the software side, a simpler interface also makes the new phones easier to use — instead of an app launcher, users tap the bottom of the screen to view their app library. Samsung diehards will be happy to learn the Galaxy S8 and S8+ inherit fan-favorite features like dust and water resistance, a microSD card slot for expanding storage, and a 3.5mm headphone jack. (Samsung's doubling the default storage this time around, offering 64GB instead of 32GB.) The Galaxy S8 and S8+ also herald the arrival of Bixby, Samsung's new voice-activated assistant. The company is aiming to differentiate it from rival services like Apple's Siri by making it better at understanding situational context, as a human aide would. (Apple, Google, Amazon and other technology firms are also hard at work improving their digital aides in this way.) Samsung claims that Bixby can accomplish any task a user might otherwise do via taps and swipes, though it's unclear which third-party apps will work with it. Both devices have a dedicated button on their sides for summoning Bixby. And Bixby can use the phones' camera to scan items and retrieve information about them — one might, for example, get food pairing suggestions by scanning a bottle of wine. (Amazon's ill-fated Fire Phone also attempted to use its camera in a similar way.) Both the Galaxy S8 and S8+ boast facial recognition and eye-scanning technology allowing owners to unlock their phone by looking at it, the latter of which Samsung debuted on the Note 7. Photography-wise, the new devices show little improvement from the Galaxy S7, though the front-facing camera has been upped to 8 megapixels from 5 and has face-detecting autofocus. Samsung also claims the new phones have better image processing technology, which should help them take better photos in low light and reduce blur. Samsung is additionally pitching its new devices as multi-purpose computers. Both phones can control household gadgets compatible with the company's SmartThings platform and work with its DeX dock, which simulates the experience of using a desktop. When attached to this dock, the S8's interface looks like that of a computer rather than a smartphone. Apps optimized for the accessory run full-screen rather than in smaller windows, and the phone will work with enterprise software to run a virtual version of Windows. Microsoft announced a similar feature for its Lumia 950 phone in 2015 called Continuum. Still, it's unclear how much consumer demand exists for such a feature outside the workplace. Samsung's Galaxy S8 and S8+ face the formidable challenge of convincing buyers it's worth taking another chance on the company's smartphones after the Note 7 fiasco. To some degree, the company can bank on its brand, having long made some of the best Android handsets available. And based on my limited hands-on time and the spec sheet, these phones might just have what it takes to get Samsung back on track — provided there are no fiery surprises on the horizon. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Sign In Subscribe Search Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health TIME Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE Photography Videos The Goods TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Finding Home Longevity 2017 Looking Forward Next Generation Leaders Person of the Year 2016 Top of the World Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service Follow TIME Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Computer Electronics | Computer Software | Social Media | Advertising GroupM Partners with OpenSlate to Increase Brand Safety on YouTube Download image Google to Facilitate OpenSlate's Delivery of Safeguards and Greater Transparency to Advertising Clients Served by GroupM Agencies NEW YORK, Mar. 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- GroupM, the media investment management unit of WPP, announced it is partnering with OpenSlate to enhance brand safety on YouTube media buys. OpenSlate is a social video analytics company that maintains data about all ad-supported content on YouTube. Their data platform scores YouTube content for quality and brand safety, and provides advertisers with deep contextual insights. OpenSlate will provide clients of GroupM's agencies additional controls and content safeguards to support their YouTube media buys. This solution will enhance brand safety in both reservation media, including Google Preferred, and in auction-based inventory bought through AdWords or DoubleClick Bid Manager. Using independent data from OpenSlate, GroupM clients will be able to better define the type of content that should be excluded from their YouTube media buys. OpenSlate will also provide clients with contextual reporting that highlights exactly where their campaigns run. GroupM clients will be the first to access these Google-supported services from OpenSlate for Google Preferred campaigns. "Long gone are the days when advertisers could simply rely on reaching audiences in carefully curated programming environments. Most brands today have scaled their advertising on digital platforms like YouTube, where most content is user-generated, but their needs for mature and safe ad products and environments persist," said Susan Schiekofer, chief digital investment officer, GroupM North America. "Although it is not possible to eliminate all risks in user-generated media, our clients' hard-won brand reputations must be protected with the best efforts possible. We appreciate that Google is enabling our work with OpenSlate to provide our clients with better brand safety controls, and we believe it's essential that all digital platforms carrying ad-supported user-generated content do the same." "Our initial focus is to use OpenSlate data to better ensure that GroupM's ads run only in content that flexibly matches the brand safety parameters established by their clients," said OpenSlate CEO Mike Henry. "Every client is unique and each has different brand values and tolerance for risk, which GroupM agencies can accommodate through their use of OpenSlate's data and tools. Over time, more transparency about where ads are running on YouTube will strengthen the ecosystem and help advertisers better understand the role that YouTube content plays in campaign performance." This new solution will initially roll out in the U.S. and U.K., and plans are underway to adapt it to additional international markets. About OpenSlate: OpenSlate provides industry-leading content analytics to advertisers navigating the complexity of social video. The company's global data platform offers insight into the nature and quality of content on YouTube and is used by every major advertising holding company. Ad buyers use OpenSlate to develop YouTube media strategies and define the role of content in brand advertising performance. OpenSlate data also helps creative and PR agencies, brands and content companies identify rising stars and spot content trends in social video. The company's SlateScore has become the industry standard for measuring the quality of content on YouTube. Learn more at www.openslatedata.com. About GroupM: GroupM is the leading global media investment management company serving as the parent to WPP media agencies including Mindshare, MEC, MediaCom, Maxus, Essence and m/SIX, as well as the programmatic digital media platform, Xaxis, each global operations in their own right with leading market positions. GroupM's primary purpose is to maximize the performance of WPP's media agencies by operating as leader and collaborator in trading, content creation, sports, digital, finance, and proprietary tool development. GroupM's focus is to deliver unrivaled marketplace advantage to its clients, stakeholders and people, and is increasingly working closely for the benefit of clients with WPP's data investment management group, Kantar.  Together GroupM and Kantar account for over 50% of WPP's group revenues of more than $20 billion. Discover more about GroupM at www.groupm.com. Follow @GroupMWorldwide on Twitter Follow GroupM on LinkedIn - https://www.linkedin.com/company/groupm Media Contacts: Kate.Ritchie@openslatedata.com +1 484.557.5518 (U.S.) Samantha.Kops@GroupM.com +1 917.421.3019 (U.S. & Global) Victoria.Fairclough@GroupM.com +44 207.158.4111 (U.K.) Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/283547/groupm_Logo.jpg SOURCE GroupM RELATED LINKS http://www.groupm.com More by this Source Alex Stil es nombrado director general para EMEA de la [m]PLATFORM de GroupM 19 Dec, 2016, 10:52 GMT Alex Stil Named EMEA President Of GroupM's [m]PLATFORM 19 Dec, 2016, 09:00 GMT Alex Stil est nommé président de la région Europe, Moyen-Orient, Afrique de [m]PLATFORM de GroupM 19 Dec, 2016, 09:00 GMT View all news by GroupM Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Computer Electronics News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Features Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Technology Smartphones Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel XL: Which one should you buy? How does Samsung's latest flagship fare against Google's Android rival? By Owen Hughes Updated March 29, 2017 16:29 BST Google has a new competitor on its hands with the Samsung Galaxy S8IBTimes UK Samsung has unveiled the smartphone that it hopes will bury the bad press regarding the explosive Note 7 as well as take on the latest big-hitters from Apple, LG, Google and Sony. The S8 brings a roster of top-draw specs to the table, including the latest Snapdragon platform from Qualcomm and Samsung's first attempt at tapping the burgeoning digital assistant market sparked by Siri, Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa. Amongst the many phones the Galaxy S8 will be vying for user's attention for is the Pixel XL, the 2016 flagship from Android provider Google that has proved a big hit with critics and users alike. Here's a look at how to two handsets compare. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel XL: Technical specifications Samsung Galaxy S8 Google Pixel XL Design 148.9 x 68.1 x 8mm, 151g 154.7 x 75.7 x 8.5mm, 168g Display 5.8in 2960 x 1440 Super AMOLED, 570ppi 5.5in 2560 x 1440 AMOLED, 534ppi Processor Octa-core 2.3GHz, 4GB RAM Quad-core 2.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 821, 4GB RAM OS Android 7.0 Nougat, TouchWiz UI Android 7.1.1 Nougat Digital assistant Bixby Google Assistant Camera 12MP rear, 8MP front 12.3MP rear, 8MP front Battery 3,000mAh 3,450mAh Storage 64GB, expandable via microSD (256GB) 34/128GB (non-expandable) Price from £689 £699 Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel XL: Design Despite having a larger screen, the Samsung Galaxy S8 is the smaller of the two handsets thanks to the edge-to-edge display, which almost entirely does away with the bezels framing the screen. Samsung's latest flagship is also more resilient than the Google phone having been given IP68 certification, which makes it water resistant to a maximum depth of 1.5m for up to 30 minutes and sealed against from dust and dirt. The Pixel XL is equipped with an IP53 rating, which makes it built to deal with light sprays of water and dust but not a lot more. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel XL: Display Of the two handsets the Samsung Galaxy S8 has a marginally larger screen of 5.8in, compared to the Pixel XL's 5.5in screen. Both handsets boast a QHD – or '2K' – resolution, although Samsung's flagship is slightly sharper at 2960 x 1440 pixels and boasting a higher pixel density. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel XL: Processor The Samsung Galaxy S8 features a 10nm octa-core chipset clocked at 2.3GHz. The SoC is backed up with 4GB RAM. The Google Pixel XL was launched in 2016 and therefore comes with Qualcomm's quad-core Snapdragon 821 chipset, which features slightly slower clocks speeds of 2.2GHz but features the same amount of RAM. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel XL: Operating system Being the platform provider for the entire Android ecosystem, Google's own phones always get first dibs on the latest software. Being the case, the Google Pixel XL comes running the very latest version of Android 7.1.1 Nougat. The Galaxy S8 will come with Android 7.0, although the latest firmware is expected to come to the handset in the coming months. The Galaxy S8 also features Samsung's latest TouchWiz overlay. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel XL: Digital assistant Samsung's Bixby voice assistant can be accesed by pressing a dedicated button on the left hand side of the handset. Being an Android Nougat device the S8 also comes with Google Assistant, so it will be interesting to see how to two systems co-exist. Google Assistant was introduced with the Pixel and Pixel XL in 2017 and can be accessed by holding down the home button or by saying "OK Google". Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel XL: Camera The Galaxy S8 comes with a single, rear-facing 12MP camera with an f/1.7 aperture lens. The secondary camera is an 8MP front-facing lens that features an iris scanner, allowing users to unlock their phone and access secure features using their eyes. The Google Pixel XL features a slightly larger 12.3MP rear-facing sensor, albeit with a slightly narrower aperture. When it launched, DxOMark rated the Pixel's camera as the best on a smartphone. It will be interesting to see if this changes with the arrival of the S8. Like the Galaxy S8, the Pixel XL has an 8MP camera for selfies but does not feature eye-scanning abilities. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel XL: Battery The Samsung Galaxy S8 comes with a non-removable 3,000mAh battery, which is the same as last year's Galaxy S7. One way the Samsung is helping users conserve battery on the S8 is with the ability to lower the display resolution to 1080p. The Google Pixel XL has a larger 3450mAh battery, although it remains to be seen if bigger means better when it comes to staying power. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel XL: Storage Samsung's latest flagship comes with 64GB on-board storage with a microSD slot offering expansion for an additional 256GB. The Google Pixel XL has non expandable storage, but comes in 32GB and 128GB models. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel XL: Price The Galaxy S8 comes with an price of £689 for the 64GB SIM-free version. The Google Pixel XL is slightly more expensive, costing £699 for the entry-level 32GB model or £819 for the 128GB version. Bottom line: both will leave a significant dent in your wallet, although Samsung's offering will be marginally less devastating. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel XL: Verdict It goes without saying that the Samsung Galaxy S8 looks better on paper, which is natural given that it's the newer handset. Samsung has broken the design mould with an edge-to-edge display and comes packing the latest processor hardware, as well as Bixby, which now has to make itself heard above Amazon Alexa, Apple's Siri and Google's own Assistant. But pure technical prowess isn't everything, and Samsung needs to prove that its own take on the Android platform can outshine the purity and functionality of Google's vanilla Nougat software. The Pixel is also guaranteed to be the first device to receive Android updates, which is important to consider if you want to be first to get the best new features from Google. Stay tuned for our full review of the Samsung Galaxy S8. Related topics : Samsung Google Pixel Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Head of Google Europe apologises for online adverts appearing near extremist material Columnists James Bloodworth “Remainers need to stop sounding like they want Brexit Britain to fail READ MORE US House votes to repeal Obama's internet privacy protections The rules required internet service providers to ask for permission... Why is Elon Musk afraid of AI and what is neural lace? Musk has started Neuralink to push brain-computer interfaces, but is... Tinder scam nets student $100 a week - here's how it worked US student duped users out of money by suggesting they "see what... Hackers attempted to attack German parliament in January via a compromised Israeli news site German parliament reportedly thwarted the new wave of malvertising... FBI director tried to go public with information on Russian interference before the election Sources said James Comey was stopped by White House officials. Persona 5 beginner's guide: Five tips for fledgling Phantom Thieves in PS4 exclusive RPG Ahead of our full review, here are five things newcomers need to know... Samsung Galaxy S8 vs iPhone 7: What's the difference and which is best? Siri or Bixby? iOS or Android? Find out in our iPhone 7 and Galaxy S8... Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus revealed: Everything you need to know The features and specs of the brand new AI-toting handsets. Samsung Galaxy S7 vs Galaxy S8: What's the difference and should you upgrade? We compare the new Samsung Galaxy S8 with its predecessor, the Galaxy... Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel XL: Which one should you buy? How does Samsung's latest flagship fare against Google's Android... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Samsung Gear VR with Controller hands-on: S8 gets a 3DoF remote Chris Davies - Mar 29, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Along with the new Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ there’s a new Gear VR with Controller to turn the Android smartphones into a virtual reality experience. Though the headset itself is much the same as the existing Gear VR, though now with a dock inside that accommodates the new flagship phones, what’s new is the Oculus-powered Gear VR Controller. As we’ve seen from Google’s Daydream and other VR systems, that opens the door to far more interaction. Though Oculus may have had a big hand in designing the new Gear VR Controller, it actually looks more akin to an HTC VIVE handset than anything else. At 108.1 x 48.1 x 38.2 mm and 64.3 grams it has a flared head topped with a clickable trackpad; that does just what the trackpad on the side of the Gear VR does, ensuring backward compatibility with existing apps and games. Underneath, there are buttons for Home and Back, as well as volume controls. Underneath, there’s a trigger for selecting items or shooting in FPS games. Inside Samsung has squeezed an accelerometer, gyrometer, and magnetic sensor, so that the orientation of the controller in 3D space can be tracked. If the 3 degree-of-freedom (3DoF) tracking drifts, you can hold down a button to reset it, just as with the Daydream controller. Unlike Google’s handset, however, Samsung has opted for a removable battery rather than a rechargeable one. The whole thing runs on a pair of AAA batteries, with Samsung suggesting that you’ll get around 80 hours of use – or forty days based on two hours of active time per day – before you need to replace them. Sadly the useful little dock for the Daydream controller that Google designed into the Daydream View headset hasn’t been borrowed for Samsung’s design, though you do at least get a lanyard to tether it to your wrist. As for the new Samsung Gear VR, that measures in at 207.8 x 122.5 x 98.6 mm and weighs 345 grams without a phone in place. It has a 101-degree field of view, and accelerometer/gyrometer/proximity sensors. In addition to the new Galaxy S8 and S8+, which have a USB Type-C port, it’ll work with the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, the Note 5, and the S6/S6 edge/S6 edge+ with the included adapter. Samsung will bundle the new Gear VR and the Controller with preorders of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+, the process for which kicks off tomorrow, March 30. It’ll also sell the new Gear VR Controller separately, and if you have an existing Gear VR headset you’ll be able to pair the two via Bluetooth. NOW READ: Samsung Galaxy S8 hands-on As for titles that actually make use of it, according to Samsung there are around 70 games and other apps in development now. Oculus plans to release an SDK for other developers to get on board soon. The new Gear VR with Controller will go on sale April 21st, priced at $129.99. The Gear VR Controller itself will be sold separately for $39.99 from the same date. Samsung Gear VR with Controller and Gear 360 (2017) Gallery Tags gear vrHands OnoculusSamsungSamsung Gear VRvirtual realityvr Must Read Bits & Bytes Samsung Gear 360 (2017) hands-on: Full 4K in 360-degrees Samsung Galaxy S8 hands-on with Galaxy S8+ – To Infinity & beyond Windows 10 Creators Update release date finally announced Apple iOS 10.3 is here: Find My AirPods, smarter Siri, more ChefSteps Joule Review: If Apple cooked sous-vide Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
  SOFTPEDIA®   Windows   Drivers   Games   Mac   Android   Linux   News Softpedia > News > Web / Internet Life > Google News FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Google Puts All Its Open-Source Projects in One Place GO Google is letting everyone see its open-source footprint Mar 29, 2017 14:51 GMT  ·  By Gabriela Vatu  ·  Share:  Google has launched a new website where you can check out all the free and open-source software it has created over the years.  The company has strong ties to open-source software and it has never forgotten its roots. This year alone the company has open-sourced Chrome for iOS, a new file-sharing system called Upspin, E2EMail, which is an experimental end-to-end email encryption, and the Guetzli JPEG encoder. "Free and open-source software has been part of our technical and organizational foundation since Google's early beginnings. From servers running the Linux kernel to an internal culture of being able to patch any other team's code, open source is part of everything we do. In return, we've released millions of lines of open-source code, run programs like Google Summer of Code and Google Code-in, and sponsor open-source projects and communities through organizations like Software Freedom Conservancy, the Apache Software Foundation, and many others," writes Will Norris, software engineer with Google's Open Source Programs Office. All these projects can now be found at opensource.google.com, the site that the company created to tie together all of its initiatives with information on how open source is used, released and supported by Google. "Google believes that open source is good for everyone. By being open and freely available, it enables and encourages collaboration and the development of technology, solving real world problems," Google says on the topic. The more, the better The company says it releases open source code based on the philosophy that "more is better." Basically, they don't know which projects will find an audience, so they're releasing code in large quantities so maybe someone finds something useful for their projects. Norris explains that they've released thousands of projects under open-source licenses, ranging from the likes of TensorFlow,to smaller ones like Neuroglancer. As he points out, while some are fully supported, others are experimental and likely the result of Google's leisure coding weekly hours where employees come up with whatever projects they want. "With so many projects spread across 100 GitHub organizations and our self-hosted Git service, it can be difficult to see the scope and scale of our open-source footprint," he adds. There are over 2,000 projects you can scan through on Google's new site. #Google#Open source#Will Norris subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Uber's Diversity Report Shows It Has Much in Common with Rest of Tech Industry Google to Meet UK Government over Extremist Content Popping in Search Results Chrome May Soon Lose "Close Other Tabs" and "Close Tabs to the Right" Options Google Loses AT&T and Verizon Ad Money over Bad Ad Placement Banking Malware Source Code Leaked by Author to Gain Credibility Among Hackers Carriers Announce Galaxy S8 and S8+ Availability and Pricing Details Samsung Introduces DeX Station for Desktop Experiences with the Galaxy S8 Microsoft Confirms Windows 10 Creators Update Launch Date Windows 10 Mobile Gets Closer to RS2 RTM with Build 15063.2 for the Slow Ring Microsoft Launches Its Windows 10 PC and Laptop in New Markets Microsoft Releases Windows 10 Build 15063 (RTM) ISO Collabora's Devs Make Android's HWC API Work in Mainline Linux Graphics Stack    Google has over 2,000 open source projects Related Apps AV Voice Changer Software Diamond: Create nickvoices to disguise voice in voice chat and PC2Phone conversations with best results in quality and a wide array of options Google Chrome: A web browser that combines a minimal design with sophisticated technology for delivering streamlined and secure browsing sessions Brave: Make your Internet surfing sessions more enjoyable by avoiding annoying ads and intrusive trackers using this appealing and intuitive browser PlayOn: A powerful media server that you can use to broadcast images, songs and movies across multiple devices, fixed and mobile in a few steps Wonder Lister: A useful application for the eBay users who need to manage their products, offers, inventory and sales by using an online client Claws Mail: A fully-featured email client that enables you to read and compose messages, as well as connect to multiple accounts at the same time gSyncit: An application that enables you to sync your Microsoft Outlook data with various other services around the Internet, such as Google Calendar or Dropbox Reader comments Tinder Launches New Web App more on: Tinder i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Android users will surpass Apple users in app spending in 2017, report says Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan 16 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Beck Diefenbach | Reuters Android mascots are lined up in the demonstration area at the Google I/O Developers Conference in the Moscone Center in San Francisco. Score one for Google. Google Play, combined with third-party Android stores, are set to surpass Apple's mobile App Store in 2017 for consumer spending, a report from App Annie predicts. And a big reason for that is China, as Chinese app stores are now a key battleground for the rival operating systems. In addition to the main Google Play Store, Android users, mostly in China, can also access app stores through internet brands like Tencent and Baidu, and manufacturers like Xiaomi and Huawei. Those third-party Android stores only made about $10 billion in 2016, but will grow to about $36 billion by 2021, App Annie forecasts. "What a lot of people don't realize is how huge China is," said Danielle Levitas, App Annie's senior vice president of research. "Even if device sales slow, it's the biggest smartphone channel, and that's not going to change." Just this year, consumer spending on third-party Android apps is expected to double, boosting the platform past Apple, App Annie forecasts. Across all Android stores, spending is expected to hit about $41 billion this year, just above the Apple App Store's $40 billion, App Annie estimated. Last year, consumers spent about $27 billion across all Android app stores, compared with about $34 billion in Apple's App Stores, the report said. App Annie's forecasts are based on a model that looks at data from major publishers, economic conditions, conversations with stakeholders and past performance, said Levitas. The report measures consumer spending but doesn't take into account other sources of app revenue, like advertising. For more on Android vs. Apple, click here. Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL --- AAPL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous   
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 48 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares100 Google News Update 1: 2017/03/29 2:47am PDT Logitech, August Home, and Rachio have all announced that they're adding Google Assistant support for the Harmony hubs and remotes, Smart Lock, and Smart Sprinkler Controller, respectively. However, A smart home hub, like the Google Home, is only useful if it can actually control your smart home stuff. The Google Home only shipped with a handful of supported devices and services, but over the past few months, that has expanded a great deal. In addition to the Wink devices we covered earlier, Google Assistant (and thus, the Google Home) now works with LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia smart home products. Let's start with Best Buy Insignia, which is the company's own line of tech products. You're probably familiar with the Insignia TVs or tablets, but only the Insignia Wi-Fi smart plug is compatible (for now). Just like similar products from TP-Link and WeMo, this is pretty much just an outlet you can turn on or off remotely. LIFX primarily sells smart light bulbs, similar to Phillips Hue. In addition to the usual multi-colored bulbs, they have a few unique options as well, like an infrared bulb to help home security cameras. You could already get LIFX to work with your Google Home through the Samsung SmartThings Hub, but official support is always great to have. Next up is Vivint, which is more focused on security. Vivint produces several connected security devices (cameras, locks, etc), which all connect to a central control panel. Now that control panel can connect to Google Assistant, giving you easy access to your whole security system. Finally we come to TP-Link - no, you can't control your router with voice commands. The company's range of light bulbs is supported, which don't actually need any connected hub to work (just a standard 2.4GHz Wi-Fi connection). TP-Link also sells several Wi-Fi smart plugs. As always, you can connect these devices to Assistant through the Google Home app. If you already have one of these products, a firmware update or something similar may be required for full compatibility. Update 1: 2017/03/29 2:47am PDT Logitech, August Home, and Rachio have all announced that they're adding Google Assistant support for the Harmony hubs and remotes, Smart Lock, and Smart Sprinkler Controller, respectively. However, it seems that August Home and Rachio will only work with Assistant on Google Home, not the one on your phone. Sigh. It might be the same for Logitech. Also supposedly going live are First Alert (which was promised last year along with Wink and LiFX), Frigidaire, Geeni, and Anova. I'm not sure if any/all of these are live yet because I can't see them in Assistant on my phone. They might be limited to Google Home, but they might also be in the list of third-party services instead of the list of products you can easily integrate with Assistant. Let us know if you see them and if they're working for you. End of Update Source: Google, Google Support Tags assistant Best Buy insignia google assistant google home insignia LIFX smart home tp-link Vivint subscribe ... Previous Story The option to save your parking location has disappeared from Google Maps ... Next Story [Much Screenshot. Very Description] Lenovo's APPShot is a crime against all Play Store listing ... Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments mx3 Still can't listen for music though :( whispy_snippet So pull some strings then Matías! rattrick1 Why no mention of August or Rachio? Michael Lavi I don't think August is live yet. Don't see any option to add August in the Google Assistant settings not do I see Google Assistant in the august access settings... WretchedGenius It's not under Home Control, it's under Services. Michael Lavi Thanks. Got it linked now, but that means I can't use Assistant on my phone to control August. Why? This is ridiculous. WretchedGenius I'm just guessing, but maybe a security precaution so you can't accidentally lock/unlock your door when not on the property? I've accidentally controlled some of my smart home devices remotely while explaining to someone how it works. Rita El Khoury You're right. Both announced it, but Corbin must have missed the PRs in our inbox' deluge of emails. I'm updating the post to reflect that. Francois Roy Holy crap the TP-LINK smartplugs are so badly engineered I just can't believe they made it past the drawing board. Oo When you are outdesigned by friggin Insignia, you know it's BAD.. ZettabyteGamer The TP-LINK Mini works really well, whats so bad with it. They also have the best Android app out of any of the smart-switch makers, which is exactly why I chose tp link. Francois Roy Can't you see the HS100/110 models blocks EVERY other outlet around it? Up/down/left/right. Way to go, geniuses. What's more, it is BOUND to be used on the upper most outlet. If you have something else as badly designed to plug at the same place (or let's be crazy: a second unit), you're screwed. As for the mini, the bloody plug is centered! That will inevitably block outlets on many types of powerbars. Now look at the Insignia model and you will NEVER find a scenario/powerbar model where you are forced to block another outlet. And that, my friend, is what I call a good design. Max Müller f*ck this shit and open the API for everyone! Gerardo Sarabia LIFX is definitely a good addition. ZettabyteGamer It's realllllllyyyyy broken, not even usable. Gerardo Sarabia Still broken? It is working fine for me. ZettabyteGamer It seems to be mostly working now, still has some hiccups every now and then. Ahmad El-Ibrahim Can't wait until the Vivint gets implemented, their blog post stated in April. wcjeep Alexa has worked with TP Link for awhile now. Alexa also works with Honeywell Thermostat. Surprised Google is still playing catch up. Greg Macek Why is it a surprise? Google Home came out less than a year ago and Alexa has been out for 2+ years? Did anyone realistically expect developers to port everything over to GH from Alexa that fast? YaKillaCJ For real. This reminds me of the whole iOS is better and have more/better Apps than Android. Old underdog Android is now outselling iOS 9:1. wcjeep With Google money I thought Google Home would come out of the gate swinging. I went with Alexa because it's cheap ($50), better form factor and works with more peripherals. If Google Home can equal Alexa than I'd consider switching. Google has way better search than Alexa. I already have a phone and tablet. Adam Margeson Kind of, yeah. Let's be real - it's not like any of them really care about privacy or security in the first place, so it should be pretty straight forward to get it up and running. Gerardo Sarabia Alexa launched first, why are you surprised? ZettabyteGamer LIFX is buggy as fuck, If I tell it to change my lights to any color the lights will blink on and off for 20ish seconds, and sometimes stay off. Gerardo Sarabia Working fine for me, at least for now. Moosa Mahsoom I still haven't got Google Assitant on my Moto G4 plus running nougat. any idea why? Jennifercalvarez Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dy142c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !dy142c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs442ShopPageGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dy142c:....,..... Morten Ulv search language set to US English? Or was it voice language. Or phone language. Can't remember. But a Google search will tell you. Hrithik Oswal Search on YouTube for it Morten Ulv Harmony support also, thats nice. Though since I already set Harmony up with IFTTT, where I just say "turn on the shield", with this I have to say, "ask harmony to turn on the shield". Are there any benefit to this, other than not having to create the actions myself? SyCoREAPER I was going to comment on Harmony, mainly my disappointment. Harmony was the smartest product I had but as of late they don't seem to be keeping up in the home automation arena. Morten Ulv Their software sucks, but once it's set up I think it does the job well. After all, everything is handled through Google Assistant, so I don't really need Harmony to do anything more. Were you thinking more in lines of expanding their support to more type of devices? I'm probably going to get a SmartThings box next. At least that's likely to continue to gets tons of support. SyCoREAPER Well I have the Harmony Hub and the Harmony Total Home (or whatever it's called) to control smart devices like smart plugs, lamps, thermostats, etc. I personally have the opposite view though in regards to their software. It was terrible but is actually quite user friendly and super customizable as well. Detonation Looks like Assistant can do more than just start/end activities now, like pause and change channel/volume. I'll still be sticking with my IFTTT commands for activities though. "Ok Google, Xbox" is a lot easier than "Ok Google, ask harmony to turn on the Xbox" Morten Ulv Ah, that's cool. I'll probably be using both as well. jaylanPHNX This is something I've been waiting for. Starting/stopping my activities through IFTTT is great, but being able to pause Netflix on my tv (or Hulu on my Xbox), or mute the volume on my receiver with my voice will be super useful. I'm often in the kitchen while leaving the remote in the living room or vice versa. jaylanPHNX Has anyone actually gotten this to work? I linked my account, but when I ask Google to ask Harmony to do something, it just tells me it can't send messages yet. WTF?! Guest Logitech, August Home, and Rachio are all live and are available through the services section. Itchy_Robot Does this mean we can used them without the Google Home hardware? ddevito People are still using Google Home? YaKillaCJ Yes and happily. Why not? Prezes Dyrektor I'm confused about assistant. Is it gonna be available on all nougat devices, including LOS? And why the differentiation between google home and non home devices? Which one is which and which does it work with? SMH I have logitech harmony setup, I wanna start using voice commands ASAP (without the hassle of IFTTT) YaKillaCJ Well essentially Home and Screen Devices (non-home) have different abilities. Mainly having a screen allows for more options in general on the phone. The benefit of the Home is input distance, input through ambient noise, loud response and always on (not draining battery). But your right to get confused because Google has it backwards in many ways. The assistant on your phone should function better but at times it doesn't. Gerardo Sarabia There's no reason for Assistant being different on your phone and in Home, I mean, no reason apart from Google's stupidity. Honestly this just makes things confusing, but this is classic Google. Larry Gleaner All these new features, and yet it still can't play songs from my library. Jeez. Itchy_Robot Agreed, I really do not understand why we can not stream our music library that is housed on Google Music servers. Larry Gleaner I called support about this, and they told me that this feature is under development. They would not give me a status or an ETA. Seems very odd to me, as this is the primary reason for buying this device! Amazon Echo does this without issue for songs in your Amazon library. Chris Can someone explain what it can do for First Alert smoke alarms? I have an old model that are hardwired with battery backup. I've seen some new wifi version at Lowes which I assume is what Google Home would work with. What exactly do they do and will Home be able to do with them? WretchedGenius Haven't seen FirstAlert go live on GA yet, but my guess is that you will be able to check battery level (which obviously wouldn't be a factor in a wired unit like yours) and probably verbally silence the alarm if it goes off (useful in the kitchen). Matej Ilic Everything but Chromecast and Chromecast audio, Google's own products. (I know Google Home supports it) WretchedGenius August is indeed under Services, and not Home Control. I was able to set mine up in under 30 seconds, and it works identically to their existing Alexa skill. You can have it list your devices, check the status of a lock, or lock a door. Like the Alexa skill, you cannot unlock a door via voice (which makes sense, since you wouldn't want anyone within shouting distance to be able to unlock your door). jamez243 Actually a little disappointed Logitech Harmony as a service instead of device. "Hey Google, ask Harmony" that's already a mouthful. Why not​ just "hey Google tune the TV to ESPN" instead of "hey Google ask Harmony to tune the TV to ESPN" ugh giant22000 You can set up custom commands via IFTTT. Itchy_Robot Why would Logitech, August Home and Rachio support assistant only through Google Home, and not assistant on the phone? My WeMo wifi outlet works with only my Nexus 5X phone with Assistant (no Home), which is great. theSuperStar Harmony service, it works and much easier than Auto Voice setup. just_a_lemming Not having Home available in Australia makes me sad :( Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 14 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 203 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 4 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 28 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 66 1 Year Ago Today Amazon Updates Its Policies To Ban USB Type-C Cables That Are Not Fully Spec Compliant 2016/03/29 8:29pm PDTMar 29, 2016 95 2 Years Ago Today Upbeat Monsters Icon Pack Fills Your Homescreen With Adorable Googly-Eyed Apps 2015/03/29 11:57am PDTMar 29, 2015 79 3 Years Ago Today Rumor: Google Now Will Help You Remember, Pay Your Bills [APK Teardown] 2014/03/29 11:55am PDTMar 29, 2014 69 4 Years Ago Today [New App] BBQScreen Mirrors Your Display On A Computer At 25FPS (Root Only) 2013/03/29 7:31pm PDTMar 29, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today WSJ: Google To Open Online Store This Year, Will Sell Tablets Independently Of Retailers (Perhaps With The Launch Of Jellybean) 2012/03/29 8:56pm PDTMar 29, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today Get Your Credit Cards Ready - Android In-App Billing System Now Live (P.S. Devs, No More Separate Lite/Paid Apps, Please) 2011/03/29 8:34pm PDTMar 29, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Upgrade Your Android Phone's External Storage With A-Data Turbo 16GB Class 6 MicroSD Card - Review And Benchmarks 2010/03/29 11:15pm PDTMar 29, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 63 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 105 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 63 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 105 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 101 queries | 0.539s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 45°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Wednesday, March 29, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Fargo Street with Tyler Sullivan Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Google searching for answers in ad drain Associated Press Saturday, March 25, 2017 Credit: (Courtesy Photo) CONFLICT ON CONTENT: Even as more advertisers are taking their business elsewhere, Google is standing by an earlier promise that it would correct a problem in which ads are being placed with objectionable content on YouTube. comments SAN FRANCISCO — An advertising boycott of YouTube is broadening, a sign that big-spending companies doubt Google’s ability to prevent marketing campaigns from appearing alongside repugnant videos. PepsiCo, Wal-Mart Stores and Starbucks yesterday confirmed that they have also suspended their advertising on YouTube after The Wall Street Journal found Google’s automated programs placed their brands on five videos containing racist content. AT&T, Verizon, Johnson & Johnson, Volkswagen and several other companies pulled ads earlier this week. The defections are continuing even after Google apologized for tainting brands and outlined steps to ensure ads don’t appear alongside unsavory videos. It’s not an easy problem to fix, even for a company with the brainpower that Google has drawn upon to build a search engine that billions trust to find the information they want in a matter of seconds. Google depends mostly on automated programs to place ads in YouTube videos because the job is too much for humans to handle on their own. About 400 hours of video is now posted on YouTube each minute. The company has pledged to hire more people to review videos and develop even more sophisticated programs to teach its computers to figure out which clips would be considered to be too despicable for advertising. Google yesterday stood by its earlier promise, signaling the company’s confidence that it will be able to appease advertisers. More On: Google YouTube Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets Greenway eyes beer and wine garden matt stout business & markets Boston nonprofit eyes partners to help create new waterfront park donna goodison business & markets Exploring new worlds inside a 2,000-square-foot arena jordan graham business & markets FDA approves 1st drug for aggressive multiple sclerosis associated press Trending Now Sheriff Hodgson: Feds should arrest sanctuary city mayors Lawmaker's post warning of raids in Brockton roils ICE officials Kansas man who tried to stop shooter of immigrants gets $100K check from Indian group .@NHLBruins WIN First ever Stanley Cup Championship AGA @NYRangers #HeraldArchive 1929 #HeraldArchives 2-1 WIN… Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
  SOFTPEDIA®   Windows   Drivers   Games   Mac   Android   Linux   News Softpedia > News > Security FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Google: Android Ransomware Affects Less than 0.0001% of Official Installations GO You're more likely to get hit by lightning twice Mar 29, 2017 14:31 GMT  ·  By Gabriela Vatu  ·  Share:  Getting infected with Android ransomware is unlikely, Google says. In fact, you're more likely to get hit by lightning twice than to get infected.  Of course, that may not seem like it's the case with all the infected apps that get reported after managing to make their way into the Play Store, but it seems to be the actual truth. "Since 2015, less than 0.00001 percent of installations from Google Play, and less than .01 percent of installations from sources other than Google Play, were categorized as ransomware," reads the report signed by Jason Woloz, senior program manager with the Android security team. As you know, ransomware is a type of app that restricts people's access to the device until victims pay a sum of money, most often than not in Bitcoin. They're usually present in apps that restrict device access and demand payment, or apps that encrypt data on the external storage of the device and demand payment to decrypt it all. As Woloz points out, criminals often pose as law enforcement and accuse users of doing something illegal, so they're more likely to pay. The Android security chief also highlights that Google has been doing a lot to protect users. On top of the Verify Apps feature which analyzes apps before they are installed, Google also deploys Application Sandboxing, which is a technology that forces apps to operate independently of others. Basically, sandboxes require apps to mutually consent to sharing data, which limits ransomware's ability to access sensitive information. Android 7.0 Nougat comes with some extra defenses against ransomware, Woloz says. For instance, apps can no longer see which other apps are active, which means that if an app infected with ransomware flies under Google's radar and you install it, it can't see what other apps are doing. Additionally, if you set a lockscreen PIN prior to installing ransomware, the infected app can't misuse your device's permissions to change your PIN to lock you out, effectively canceling the effects of one of the major categories of ransomware apps. Easier to prevent than fix While Google and the Android team have done quite a bit to make users safe, there are, of course, things that users must also do to protect themselves. One of those things is to only download apps from trusty sources, like Google Play. Another is to make sure that Verify Apps is enabled and that you always install the latest security updates. Backing up your device is also a good idea. Lastly, reading reviews and other information about apps before installing them is also a good idea before downloading. Some ransomware apps end up installed A few months back, a ransomware app slipped by Google's Play Store security checks. It was named Chargr and posed as a battery-enhancing app, and it asked victims to pay $180 in Bitcoin after attempting to steal user data. Other apps were also found infected as the effort to bring ransomware to the mobile device grows. #Google#Android#ransomware#Jason Woloz subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Scam Exploited Safari Bug, Tricked Porn-Viewing iOS Users into Paying Ransom Cerber Ransomware Gets Pushed in Blank Slate Campaign New TorrentLocker Ransomware Variant Targets Denmark 2016 Mobile Malware Trends: 40 Million Attacks and the Rise of Ransomware Banking Malware Source Code Leaked by Author to Gain Credibility Among Hackers Carriers Announce Galaxy S8 and S8+ Availability and Pricing Details Samsung Introduces DeX Station for Desktop Experiences with the Galaxy S8 Microsoft Confirms Windows 10 Creators Update Launch Date Windows 10 Mobile Gets Closer to RS2 RTM with Build 15063.2 for the Slow Ring Microsoft Launches Its Windows 10 PC and Laptop in New Markets Microsoft Releases Windows 10 Build 15063 (RTM) ISO Collabora's Devs Make Android's HWC API Work in Mainline Linux Graphics Stack    Sandboxing - one of Android's safety features new android apps Dynasty Warriors: Unleashed APK: Updated March 30th, 06:52 GMT SUPO Cleaner APK: Updated March 30th, 06:48 GMT Microsoft Solitaire Collection APK: Updated March 30th, 06:45 GMT MyJio APK: Updated March 30th, 06:43 GMT Psiphon Pro APK: Updated March 30th, 06:40 GMT Mobile Legends APK: Updated March 30th, 06:38 GMT Pokémon GO APK: Updated March 30th, 06:35 GMT Reader comments Phishing Campaign Promises Free In-Game Pets to World of Warcraft Players more on: phishing i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot March 30, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   Development  >   A visual history of Google SERPs: 1996 to 2017 A visual history of Google SERPs: 1996 to 2017 Development Industry SEO 29 Mar 17 | Clark Boyd Facebook0 Linkedin71 Google+13 Twitter 84 Over the past 20 years, Google has revolutionized how we source information, how we buy products, and how advertisers sell those products to us. And yet, one fact remains stubbornly true: the shop-front for brands on Google is still the Search Engine Results Page (SERP). The original lists of static results, comprised of what we nostalgically term ‘10 blue links’, have evolved into multi-media, cross-device, highly-personalized interfaces that can even adapt as we speak to them. There are now images, GIFs, news articles, videos, and podcasts in SERPs, all powered by algorithms that grow evermore sophisticated through machine learning. Nonetheless, in the face of such change, it still matters where our website ranks on those all-important SERPs. The content of those results pages, however, is in constant flux, as a result of 20 years of innovations and new products. We experience this evolution iteratively and, while we can all appreciate that significant changes have taken place, it can be easy to lose sight of the wider context and acknowledge just how radical the overhaul of Google results has been. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin71 Google+13 Twitter 84 Related articles Understanding voice search: What are the implications for marketers? Five most interesting search marketing news stories of the week Biometrics and neuroscience: The future of digital analytics? Can Google get users on board with "shortcuts in search"? Google hasn’t always got it right along the way, but it has always been willing to put its failures aside and invest again in new initiatives. As such, we thought it a good time to take a step back and look at Google’s evolution over the past two decades, its many successes and its few notable failures, through the lens of the humble SERP.   Infographic created by Clark Boyd, VP Strategy and Safiya Lawrence, SEO Manager at Croud, and graphic designer Chelsea Herbert. Clark Boyd is VP Strategy at Croud, a global digital performance agency, and a contributor to Search Engine Watch. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading How to create SEO-friendly content SEO-friendly content doesn’t have to be difficult or time-consuming, provided that you understand how on-page SEO can work alongside your content. Here’s how to create content that both your audience and search engines will enjoy. Content SEO 22 Mar 17 | Tereza Litsa The SEO benefits of using WordPress to publish your content Creating and launching a fully-fledged website is not enough to get your brand noticed by itself. In order to improve your online visibility, you ... read more Content SEO 21 Mar 17 | Lucy Barret Five most interesting search marketing news stories of the week This week, Mobile World Congress confirms that mobile video is massive; Pinterest has launched its new Lens visual discovery tool to the US; and Chinese search giant Baidu has released an AI-powered transcription app. Industry Mobile More News 17 Mar 17 | Rebecca Sentance Optimization at the intersection of search, content, social, mobile and local in 2017 The digital environment is rapidly shifting. There are over a billion websites online, and customers have countless brands to choose from when seeking solutions to their needs. Content Local Mobile SEO Social 16 Mar 17 | Jim Yu Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL chris.williams@contentive.com sam.lawson@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/03/29/a-visual-history-of-google-serps-1996-to-2017/ Send × Want to stay on top of search trends? Get top insights and news from our search expertsDelivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
Search Box Search This Blog Wednesday, March 29, 2017 Israeli Minister Hanegbi: 'The Bible — not Google — gives Israel moral right to land. Israeli Minister Hanegbi: 'The Bible — not Google — gives Israel moral right to land.'(Jpost). Israel’s moral claim to land comes from the Bible, not Google, Communications Minister Tzachi Hanegbi said in Washington on Tuesday at an event held in support of placing West Bank settlements within final borders of the Jewish state. “Defense is important and security is important, but the most important thing is the moral claim of Israel. We are committed to go forward with living in our ancient land, land that was given us not by Google and Wikipedia, but by the Bible,” he said. The event Hanegbi spoke at was hosted by the Council of Jewish Communities of Judea and Samaria to mark the upcoming 50th anniversary of the Six Day War, titled “Celebrate 50 Years of Rejuvenation in Judea and Samaria.” It was purposely held near the American Israel Public Affairs Committee’s annual policy conference to attract those in attendance there. This was the first time the council held an event in Washington concurrent with the AIPAC conference to specifically target those attendees, as part of its growing focus on soliciting support abroad for the settlements, both in the United States and the European Union. Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely said there were three quick arguments for placing Area C of the West Bank within Israel’s borders, all of which centered around the word “just,” and then mentioned Israel’s victory in the Six Day War. “It was a just war. It is a just defense. But the most important one, it was based on a just claim. A just claim of the Jewish people on [the Biblical areas of] Beit El, Shechem, Jerusalem and Hebron,” she said. “Let me tell you something, if those places are not Jewish, who can tell me that [the modern cities of] Herzliya, Rehovot, Rishon Lezion and Tel Aviv are Jewish,” Hotovely said. “I always say that the occupation is a myth, because we never occupied other people’s land. This is Jewish land [Judea and Samaria]. This should forever be a Jewish land under Israeli law.” Read the full story here. Posted by Will MFS at 10:04 AM Labels: Anti - Israel, Antisemitic platform, Biblical Israel, Israel. anti-Israeli platform No comments: Post a Comment Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) About Me Will MFS View my complete profile Donate Follow me on Twitter Google+ Followers - More must read posts on Google page! MFS - Poll Find us on Facebook MFS - The Many Faces Of Spaces - Website. Pinterest Follow The Many Faces's board MFS - The Other News on Pinterest. Our Other MFS Blogs. MFS VIRAL VIDS-2 The boy who can jump rope faster than anyone in the world - *This can't be good for the body? Doing it all the time. Amazing anyways. Some smart ass mentioned on YouTube it could come in handy - if you have a cockr... 15 hours ago MFS-Strange but TRUE OAK ISLAND The Money Pit - Located off the coast of Nova Scotia, Oak Island is said to be hiding the greatest treasure in history. Riches have been spent and lives have been lost, ... 1 week ago MFS-Useful LINKS LOCALINGUAL: Hear Voices From Around the World - David realized there was a need for more mother-tongue recordings online one day while backpacking on a trip through Europe. As a result, *Localingual* was... 1 month ago AMAZING PIKCHAZ COOL!: The Best DRONE Images of 2016 (20 Photos) - From one of our favourite sites, Dronestagram, comes these 20 amazing captures of drone images - the best of 2016. Which ones are your favs?? Authors' d... 1 month ago Now U Know RANDOM FACT#26 - Silbury Hill is the TALLEST Prehistoric Man-made MOUND in Europe... - Silbury Hill construction is estimated to have involved about 4 million man hours of work and half a million tonnes of material, mostly chalk, to crea... 1 month ago So Today I... If President Obama Tweeted Like Donald Trump... | Reddit - Came across this article yesterday of Redditors imagining - *what if *Obama tweeted like Trump over the past 8 years*?...* Comment from discussion If Pr... 2 months ago MFS-The Many Faces of Art and Design Belgian Artist's Amazing SHADOW Sketches (18 Photos) - *This artist's talent goes on and on forever on his Instagram site. He's so full of ingenious, inspired and imaginative thoughts that he is able to creat... 4 months ago MFS - Crazy and True VIDEO: COP CAMERA CATCHES WOMAN DRIVING CAR WITH AN ENTIRE TREE STUCK IN GRILLE - America... you gotta love it! Hahaha. This is so ridiculous we had to laugh. This ain’t no small tree folks. We’re talking a fifteen-footer! They don’t ma... 8 months ago The Many Faces of Death DEATH by Whirlpool - Jacob Cockle, USA - Jacob Cockle seen wearing a horse mask as he moves around the whirlpool. (Video snapshot) Daredevil photographer, Jacob Cockle, 28, often tempted fate in t... 9 months ago mfs-canada 5 FAMILY DAY Facts - The first Family Day in Ontario was celebrated on February 18, 2008. It was introduced in Saskatchewan in 2007 and in British Columbia in 2013. Although i... 1 year ago THE MANY USES OF... HONEY Uses - © graphicstockComing up in September, the awareness of American beekeeping, the beekeeping industry and honey as a natural and beneficial sweetener will b... 1 year ago MFS-The Resource Center Blog ✍ FYI: How Old Do I Look? - It’s something we’ve all pondered to ourselves at one time or another in our lives – how old do we look. Or at the very least, how old do OTHERS think we ... 1 year ago When, Who and How? WHY DO DOGS SOMETIMES GET STUCK WHILE MATING? - *It's called the "Copulatory Tie"* Believe it or not, in all my years, I never knew such a thing existed between dogs that mated... until I came across ... 3 years ago HOW DO YOU SAY...? HOW DO YOU SAY... "MEH"? - DID YOU KNOW... "Meh" is the verbal shrug we use to vocalized indifference or boredom? It can also be used as an adjective meaning mediocre or boring? (S... 3 years ago MFS - SNAPSHOTS THE GARDENS OF THE HOLIDAY INN (SUNSPREE RESORT HOTEL & SPA ), Montego Bay, JAMAICA (42 Snapshots) - The Holiday Inn (SunSpree Resort Hotel & Spa), soon to be called just The Holiday Inn, located in Montego Bay, Jamaica, is a hotel which offered more than ... 3 years ago MFS - Blog Roll MFS Will blog related Videos Israel Matzav Alternative Angle. Spencer Fernando online news for Canadian-Israeli community Jawa Report Middle East Politics Villagers with torches Every day Antisemitism Watts Up With That Scaramouche American thinker Defense News Sultan Knish Astute Blogger Jihadintel ME Forum Preoccupied Territory Nat Sec RoundTable Turkafile Always On Watch Sun News Network Infidel Bloggers Mr.Always on Watch Doug Ross The Mad Jewess John Brown's Public Diplomacy Press and Blog Review Shoebat Honest Reporting My Right Word Refugee Resettlement Watch On Coptic Nationalism Viola.bz Beauty, art, history, nature, fashion, jewelry Ice Age Now Fukushima Update Popular Posts Voter Fraud: Obama Won %108 of Registered Voters in Ohio County. Voter Fraud: Obama Won %108 of Registered Voters in Ohio County .( FPM ).By DanielGreenfield. Let’s face it. Obama won the election. Ju... Hussein Obama’s $77 Billion climate fund stashes will be found and gutted Hussein Obama’s $77 Billion climate fund stashes will be found and gutted . ( Bloomberg ) Most recent estimate puts tab at $77 billion ... Two transgender Pakistanis tortured to death in Saudi Arabia. Two transgender Pakistanis tortured to death in Saudi Arabia. ( ET ). Two transgender persons, both natives of Khyber-Pakhtunkhw... Trudeau airport in Montreal: investigation uncovers Airport staff who support ISIS ideology. Trudeau airport in Montreal: investigation uncovers Airport staff who support ISIS ideology .( TVanouvelles ). [GoogleTranslated]. &quo... Charlie Hebdo - Brothers Kouachi Cornered in industrial building - Live updates #CharlieHebdo #KouachiBrothers #GIGN MERCI LES GARS ! pic.twitter.com/qEwqW22DHG — MFS - The Other News (@MFS001) January 9, 2... Turkey’s Claims Aimed at Justifying 'Neo - Ottoman' Expansionist Policies: Iran. Turkey’s Claims Aimed at Justifying 'Neo - Ottoman' Expansionist Policies: Iran . ( IFP ). Iran has dismissed the recent “unac... Fakenews? Palestinian woman dies after giving birth to 69 children? Hoax? Palestinian woman dies after giving birth to 69 Children? ( DC ). Gaza : Motherhood is supposed to be a wonderful experience o... Radicalized Muslim known to security agencies shot dead in 'terror' incident at Paris Orly airport. Radicalized Muslim known to security agencies shot dead in 'terror' incident at Paris Orly airport . ( DailyStar ). Two ... In Memory Of Alexander Munch (1948 - 2012). Israeli Six-Day War Vet. Previous Blogs here and here." If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear." George Orwell. Comments advice. Visitors & commenters of this Blog are advised that they will be held responsible for any unlawful, harassing, libelous, abusive, threatening, or harmful material of any kind or nature posted by their respective ISP. Visitors are cautioned not to transmit via comments, including links to any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national or international law or regulation. Comments here are typically unmoderated and unedited. The fact that particular comments remain on the site in no way constitutes the site owner's endorsement of commenters' views. Irshad Manji. "Muslim refusenik" is a phrase Manji uses to identify herself as someone who refuses to "join an army of robots in the name of God.". Ayaan Hirsi Ali . Wafa Sultan . "Telling the truth after proper investigation is the height of courage." - Wafa Sultan. Asra Nomani Brigitte Gabriel Nonie Darwish Ibn Q. al-Rassooli Lifting The Veil.. Hagarism - The Making of the Islamic World. Pakistani Women's Human Rights Organisation Persian2English - Breaking the Language Barrier on Human Rights. Stop Child Executions I Stand With Israel ! Koran 7:7, where G-d Himself bequeaths the Land of Israel to the Jews, as a nation who thought themselves weak, and blesses them with goodness.Source Shariah: The Threat to America This book is based on the statements of the world's leading Shariah authorities and Shariah academic scholars. The Abuse of Holocaust Memory. Myths of Islam "Religion does not require women to veil their hands, feet and faces or enjoin any special type of veil. Tribal custom must not impose itself on the free will of the individual." Amanullah Khan - King of Afghanistan (1919-1929). The Grand Imam of Al-Azhar, head of Al-Azhar, the highest seat of learning in the Sunni world.“The niqab is a tradition and has nothing to do with Islam,” said Sheikh Tantawi, vowing to ban it in Al-Azhar schools.After the girl complied he insisted she should not wear it any more.“I tell you again that the niqab has nothing to do with Islam and it is only a mere custom. I understand the religion better than you and your parents.” The Grand Imam of Al-Azhar imam vowed to issue a ban against the face-veil in all schools linked to Al-Azhar.“Source The Jewish Holocaust. The Righteous Among The Nations. "“Whosoever saves a single life, saves an entire universe" - (Mishnah, Sanhedrin 4:5) The Armenian Holocaust. Fair Use Notice This site contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of environmental, political, human rights, economic, democracy, scientific, and social justice issues, etc. We believe this constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes. For more information go to: https://www.law.cornell.edu/copyright/copyright.act.chapt1b.html & http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml. If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use', you must obtain permission from the copyright owner.No infringement intended. This blog is for educational and information purposes only. Vistors Earthquake and Natural Disasters Updates! Yellowstone Caldera Erupting. Blog Archive Blog Archive 03/26 - 04/02 (5) 03/19 - 03/26 (14) 03/12 - 03/19 (14) 03/05 - 03/12 (20) 02/26 - 03/05 (14) 02/19 - 02/26 (18) 02/12 - 02/19 (11) 02/05 - 02/12 (19) 01/29 - 02/05 (29) 01/22 - 01/29 (20) 01/15 - 01/22 (11) 01/08 - 01/15 (7) 01/01 - 01/08 (8) 12/25 - 01/01 (14) 12/18 - 12/25 (11) 12/11 - 12/18 (17) 12/04 - 12/11 (15) 11/27 - 12/04 (15) 11/20 - 11/27 (15) 11/13 - 11/20 (16) 11/06 - 11/13 (11) 10/30 - 11/06 (27) 10/23 - 10/30 (43) 10/16 - 10/23 (26) 10/09 - 10/16 (26) 10/02 - 10/09 (15) 09/25 - 10/02 (18) 09/18 - 09/25 (14) 09/11 - 09/18 (22) 09/04 - 09/11 (28) 08/28 - 09/04 (17) 08/21 - 08/28 (19) 08/14 - 08/21 (21) 08/07 - 08/14 (17) 07/31 - 08/07 (17) 07/24 - 07/31 (14) 07/17 - 07/24 (17) 07/10 - 07/17 (7) 07/03 - 07/10 (10) 06/26 - 07/03 (19) 06/19 - 06/26 (15) 06/12 - 06/19 (25) 06/05 - 06/12 (26) 05/29 - 06/05 (33) 05/22 - 05/29 (19) 05/15 - 05/22 (23) 05/08 - 05/15 (36) 05/01 - 05/08 (34) 04/24 - 05/01 (49) 04/17 - 04/24 (45) 04/10 - 04/17 (42) 04/03 - 04/10 (42) 03/27 - 04/03 (42) 03/20 - 03/27 (61) 03/13 - 03/20 (50) 03/06 - 03/13 (61) 02/28 - 03/06 (53) 02/21 - 02/28 (45) 02/14 - 02/21 (58) 02/07 - 02/14 (59) 01/31 - 02/07 (54) 01/24 - 01/31 (59) 01/17 - 01/24 (55) 01/10 - 01/17 (46) 01/03 - 01/10 (36) 12/27 - 01/03 (48) 12/20 - 12/27 (50) 12/13 - 12/20 (59) 12/06 - 12/13 (47) 11/29 - 12/06 (43) 11/22 - 11/29 (58) 11/15 - 11/22 (55) 11/08 - 11/15 (44) 11/01 - 11/08 (61) 10/25 - 11/01 (42) 10/18 - 10/25 (49) 10/11 - 10/18 (59) 10/04 - 10/11 (78) 09/27 - 10/04 (65) 09/20 - 09/27 (66) 09/13 - 09/20 (85) 09/06 - 09/13 (69) 08/30 - 09/06 (45) 08/23 - 08/30 (44) 08/16 - 08/23 (57) 08/09 - 08/16 (66) 08/02 - 08/09 (63) 07/26 - 08/02 (52) 07/19 - 07/26 (38) 07/12 - 07/19 (40) 07/05 - 07/12 (50) 06/28 - 07/05 (46) 06/21 - 06/28 (65) 06/14 - 06/21 (74) 06/07 - 06/14 (82) 05/31 - 06/07 (78) 05/24 - 05/31 (49) 05/17 - 05/24 (67) 05/10 - 05/17 (72) 05/03 - 05/10 (68) 04/26 - 05/03 (94) 04/19 - 04/26 (79) 04/12 - 04/19 (81) 04/05 - 04/12 (91) 03/29 - 04/05 (88) 03/22 - 03/29 (70) 03/15 - 03/22 (62) 03/08 - 03/15 (64) 03/01 - 03/08 (83) 02/22 - 03/01 (98) 02/15 - 02/22 (95) 02/08 - 02/15 (86) 02/01 - 02/08 (92) 01/25 - 02/01 (91) 01/18 - 01/25 (108) 01/11 - 01/18 (85) 01/04 - 01/11 (68) 12/28 - 01/04 (94) 12/21 - 12/28 (80) 12/14 - 12/21 (91) 12/07 - 12/14 (87) 11/30 - 12/07 (89) 11/23 - 11/30 (83) 11/16 - 11/23 (71) 11/09 - 11/16 (69) 11/02 - 11/09 (77) 10/26 - 11/02 (98) 10/19 - 10/26 (119) 10/12 - 10/19 (110) 10/05 - 10/12 (88) 09/28 - 10/05 (74) 09/21 - 09/28 (83) 09/14 - 09/21 (83) 09/07 - 09/14 (87) 08/31 - 09/07 (81) 08/24 - 08/31 (85) 08/17 - 08/24 (81) 08/10 - 08/17 (67) 08/03 - 08/10 (78) 07/27 - 08/03 (76) 07/20 - 07/27 (81) 07/13 - 07/20 (81) 07/06 - 07/13 (62) 06/29 - 07/06 (78) 06/22 - 06/29 (83) 06/15 - 06/22 (68) 06/08 - 06/15 (80) 06/01 - 06/08 (64) 05/25 - 06/01 (44) 05/18 - 05/25 (67) 05/11 - 05/18 (61) 05/04 - 05/11 (62) 04/27 - 05/04 (49) 04/20 - 04/27 (44) 04/13 - 04/20 (51) 04/06 - 04/13 (51) 03/30 - 04/06 (56) 03/23 - 03/30 (58) 03/16 - 03/23 (67) 03/09 - 03/16 (24) 03/02 - 03/09 (45) 02/23 - 03/02 (107) 02/16 - 02/23 (95) 02/09 - 02/16 (85) 02/02 - 02/09 (103) 01/26 - 02/02 (83) 01/19 - 01/26 (87) 01/12 - 01/19 (82) 01/05 - 01/12 (107) 12/29 - 01/05 (81) 12/22 - 12/29 (84) 12/15 - 12/22 (92) 12/08 - 12/15 (100) 12/01 - 12/08 (114) 11/24 - 12/01 (96) 11/17 - 11/24 (99) 11/10 - 11/17 (84) 11/03 - 11/10 (70) 10/27 - 11/03 (81) 10/20 - 10/27 (108) 10/13 - 10/20 (101) 10/06 - 10/13 (86) 09/29 - 10/06 (110) 09/22 - 09/29 (130) 09/15 - 09/22 (144) 09/08 - 09/15 (107) 09/01 - 09/08 (108) 08/25 - 09/01 (146) 08/18 - 08/25 (109) 08/11 - 08/18 (59) 08/04 - 08/11 (44) 07/28 - 08/04 (9) 07/21 - 07/28 (9) 07/14 - 07/21 (15) 07/07 - 07/14 (12) 06/30 - 07/07 (100) 06/23 - 06/30 (91) 06/16 - 06/23 (77) 06/09 - 06/16 (89) 06/02 - 06/09 (23) 05/26 - 06/02 (83) 05/19 - 05/26 (111) 05/12 - 05/19 (143) 05/05 - 05/12 (130) 04/28 - 05/05 (76) 04/21 - 04/28 (106) 04/14 - 04/21 (101) 04/07 - 04/14 (16) 03/31 - 04/07 (97) 03/24 - 03/31 (116) 03/17 - 03/24 (107) 03/10 - 03/17 (102) 03/03 - 03/10 (98) 02/24 - 03/03 (110) 02/17 - 02/24 (103) 02/10 - 02/17 (88) 02/03 - 02/10 (97) 01/27 - 02/03 (121) 01/20 - 01/27 (97) 01/13 - 01/20 (111) 01/06 - 01/13 (94) 12/30 - 01/06 (112) 12/23 - 12/30 (95) 12/16 - 12/23 (101) 12/09 - 12/16 (118) 12/02 - 12/09 (111) 11/25 - 12/02 (119) 11/18 - 11/25 (112) 11/11 - 11/18 (107) 11/04 - 11/11 (78) 10/28 - 11/04 (102) 10/21 - 10/28 (93) 10/14 - 10/21 (128) 10/07 - 10/14 (124) 09/30 - 10/07 (121) 09/23 - 09/30 (128) 09/16 - 09/23 (134) 09/09 - 09/16 (127) 09/02 - 09/09 (126) 08/26 - 09/02 (112) 08/19 - 08/26 (119) 08/12 - 08/19 (137) 08/05 - 08/12 (133) 07/29 - 08/05 (111) 07/22 - 07/29 (115) 07/15 - 07/22 (103) 07/08 - 07/15 (72) 07/01 - 07/08 (109) 06/24 - 07/01 (84) 06/17 - 06/24 (100) 06/10 - 06/17 (127) 06/03 - 06/10 (122) 05/27 - 06/03 (102) 05/20 - 05/27 (112) 05/13 - 05/20 (131) 05/06 - 05/13 (140) 04/29 - 05/06 (119) 04/22 - 04/29 (164) 04/15 - 04/22 (117) 04/08 - 04/15 (130) 04/01 - 04/08 (143) 03/25 - 04/01 (140) 03/18 - 03/25 (144) 03/11 - 03/18 (116) 03/04 - 03/11 (93) 02/26 - 03/04 (106) 02/19 - 02/26 (115) 02/12 - 02/19 (91) 02/05 - 02/12 (101) 01/29 - 02/05 (79) 01/22 - 01/29 (69) 01/15 - 01/22 (57) 01/08 - 01/15 (50) 01/01 - 01/08 (36) 12/25 - 01/01 (30) 12/18 - 12/25 (39) 12/11 - 12/18 (35) 12/04 - 12/11 (29) 11/27 - 12/04 (33) 11/20 - 11/27 (26) 11/13 - 11/20 (33) 11/06 - 11/13 (21) 10/30 - 11/06 (29) 10/23 - 10/30 (26) 10/16 - 10/23 (24) 10/09 - 10/16 (22) 10/02 - 10/09 (26) 09/25 - 10/02 (29) 09/18 - 09/25 (25) 09/11 - 09/18 (31) 09/04 - 09/11 (32) 08/28 - 09/04 (22) 08/21 - 08/28 (22) 08/14 - 08/21 (25) 08/07 - 08/14 (24) 07/31 - 08/07 (23) 07/24 - 07/31 (22) 07/17 - 07/24 (21) 07/10 - 07/17 (17) 07/03 - 07/10 (22) 06/26 - 07/03 (20) 06/19 - 06/26 (21) 06/12 - 06/19 (22) 06/05 - 06/12 (30) 05/29 - 06/05 (37) 05/22 - 05/29 (32) 05/15 - 05/22 (30) 05/08 - 05/15 (27) 05/01 - 05/08 (32) 04/24 - 05/01 (28) 04/17 - 04/24 (28) 04/10 - 04/17 (32) 04/03 - 04/10 (31) 03/27 - 04/03 (30) 03/20 - 03/27 (27) 03/13 - 03/20 (18) 03/06 - 03/13 (15) 02/27 - 03/06 (22) 02/20 - 02/27 (23) 02/13 - 02/20 (26) 02/06 - 02/13 (17) 01/30 - 02/06 (24) 01/23 - 01/30 (27) 01/16 - 01/23 (19) 01/09 - 01/16 (18) 01/02 - 01/09 (22) 12/26 - 01/02 (16) 12/19 - 12/26 (20) 12/12 - 12/19 (21) 12/05 - 12/12 (19) 11/28 - 12/05 (21) 11/21 - 11/28 (19) 11/14 - 11/21 (12) 11/07 - 11/14 (10) 10/31 - 11/07 (12) 10/24 - 10/31 (8) 10/17 - 10/24 (8) 10/10 - 10/17 (7) 10/03 - 10/10 (19) 09/26 - 10/03 (18) 09/19 - 09/26 (20) 09/12 - 09/19 (18) 09/05 - 09/12 (19) 08/29 - 09/05 (16) 08/22 - 08/29 (14) 08/15 - 08/22 (16) 08/08 - 08/15 (14) 08/01 - 08/08 (14) 07/25 - 08/01 (16) 07/18 - 07/25 (14) 07/11 - 07/18 (14) 07/04 - 07/11 (15) 06/27 - 07/04 (8) 06/20 - 06/27 (6) 06/13 - 06/20 (8) 06/06 - 06/13 (9) 05/30 - 06/06 (7) 05/23 - 05/30 (7) 05/16 - 05/23 (6) 05/09 - 05/16 (6) 05/02 - 05/09 (6) 04/25 - 05/02 (6) 04/18 - 04/25 (6) 04/11 - 04/18 (4) Total Pageviews Visitors... ©2008-2017 MFS-The Other News | A MFS (The Many Faces of Spaces) Blog.. Awesome Inc. theme. Powered by Blogger.
Articles l l How to Add a Charging Station to Your Nightstand (Without Ruining It) How to Get the Best Picture Quality from Your HDTV Basic Computer Security: How to Protect Yourself from Viruses, Hackers, and Thieves What’s the Difference Between the PlayStation 4, PlayStation 4 Slim, and PlayStation 4 Pro? Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search How to Create Shareable Download Links for Files on Google Drive Google Drive is great—you can access your files from anywhere, on pretty much any device, and sync them between your computers. But there’s also another great feature: sharing. If you have a file that someone needs, it’s as easy as a few clicks (or taps) to shoot them a download link. Here’s how to generate a link for basically any file that’s stored in your Google Drive, as well as how to control the privacy of the file (and link). How to Generate a Share Link on Windows, macOS, or Chrome OS If you’re a Windows, macOS, or Chrome OS user and have the Google Drive app installed (which, if you don’t, you really should), generating a link is super easy, and can even be done directly from Windows Explorer or Finder. It’s worth noting the Drive app is built into Chrome OS’ file manager by default, so there’s need to install anything else. (If you aren’t using the Drive app, skip down to the last section of this guide, which explains how to share files from Drive’s web interface.) First, navigate to the file you want to share. Doesn’t matter if it’s a document, picture, executable, or any other type of file, the sharing process is the same. Right click on the file, then go down to the Google Drive entry into this menu. When the new menu options pop out, choose “Share.” Note: On macOS and Chrome OS, there is no “Google Drive” option—simply select “Share” (on Chrome OS) or “Share using Google Drive” (on macOS). From there, everything else is basically the same. The first box that shows up will allow you to send the link to a specific email address—you can do that if you’d like, but since we’re talking about creating shareable links here, we’re going to go a couple of steps further. In the upper right corner of the Share Settings dialog box, there’s a button that reads “Get shareable link.” Click that. Once that option is enabled, the link will be populated. You can simply highly it, then copy and paste it into an email, chat message, or anywhere else. But there’s still more control here. When you generate a download link, it automatically allows the file to be viewed by anyone with the link. You can, however, change this setting using the dropdown menu directly above the link. There are a handful of options here: Off: If you accidentally shared the file, use this option to basically un-share it, making it private once again. Anyone with the link can edit: This is more for documents and such, but this basically gives the shared users full read and write access. They still can’t delete it from your Drive, though—this is just for the contents of the file. Anyone with the link can comment: Again, this is mostly for documents. It allows shared users to leave comments if desired—this is great for team projects. Anyone with the link can view: Shared users can simply view the file, but can’t edit it in any way. This is the default action when you share a file, and the best option if you’re trying to share file for download. There’s also a “More” option at the very bottom, which allows you to change the general privacy settings for the file: On (Public): This basically makes the file public. Anyone can search for, find, and download the file. On (Link): Anyone with the link can download it. They don’t have to sign in to their Google account to do so. Off: Only specific people can access the file. Thus, Google sign-in is required. Yeah, that’s a lot to kind of take in when all you’re doing is sharing a simple file. The good news is that Google does most of the heavy lifting here, and the default sharing action is fairly private (your link is accessible by anyone, but only if they know the link), so you can quickly and efficiently share files. How to Generate a Share Link on Android and iOS If you need to build a link on a mobile device, the process is equally as simple—though the varying options are more hidden. Because of that, we’re going to break this down into a couple of sections: generating the link, and controlling the shared link. Generating the Link I’m using an Android device for this tutorial, but the Drive app works basically the same way on both Android and iOS, so you should be able to follow along regardless of what platform you’re on. Go ahead and open the Drive app, then navigate to the file you want to share. Tap the three-dot button on the file, then tap “Share link.” On iOS, this actually reads “Get link.” This is where the only real difference between Android and iOS happens: on iOS, the link is simply copied to the clipboard, so you can share it. On Android, the share menu will show up, giving you a lot more options. Your Share Dialog box will probably look different than mine, because it’s curated based on your sharing history, installed apps, and so on. But you should be able to wing it from here—just choose the app you want to share the file in. Alternatively, you can select the “Copy to clipboard” option if you’d rather just copy the link and share it manually. How to Modify Your Shared Link Now that you have your shared link, you’re probably wondering where all the options are. Unlike on Windows or Chrome OS, these options aren’t directly available from the share dialog. Instead, they’re tucked away in the file’s Drive menu. Again, navigate to the file you shared, then tap the three-dot menu button again. This time, however, tap the “i” button on the right side of the file name. This is the information button. Scroll down just a bit, until you see the first sub-section after the file info. This section, “Who Has Access”, is where you’ll modify the file’s shared settings. The first thing here is Link share—since you’ve already shared this file, sharing will be On. The privacy will be set to “Anyone with the link can view” since that’s the default action. If you want to change that, tap the eyeball/down arrow. You can change the status to “Can Edit,” “Can View,” or “Off” (to unshare the file). Easy peasy. Otherwise, you can also add specific people to the file if you’d like to share it with individual users. Just click the “Add People” button under the “Who Has Access” section. And that’s pretty much all there is to it. How to Generate a Shared Link on the Web If you’re not into using integrated apps (or just don’t have them installed), you can also share files directly from the Drive website. The process is actually really similar to the native apps on Windows, macOS, and Chrome OS. From the Drive website, navigate to the file you want to share, then right-click it. I love that the modern web supports things like this. There are actually a couple of options you can choose: Share or Get Shareable Link. They both basically do the same thing, though the former offers more options. The latter simply generates the shareable link and makes it easy to copy. For this section of the tutorial, I’m using the “Share” method. Once you click the Share button, a the share dialog will pop up. Click the “Get shareable link” in the top right corner, which will essentially activate the shareable feature. From here you can copy the link, add specific email addresses to share with, and change the privacy of the file. By clicking the dropdown just above the link, you can edit how much power the shared user(s) have over the file: Off: If you accidentally shared the file, use this option to basically un-share it, making it private once again. Anyone with the link can edit: This is more for documents and such, but this basically gives the shared users full read/write access. They still can’t delete it from your Drive, though—this is just for the contents of the file. Anyone with the link can comment: Again, this is mostly for documents. It allows shared users to leave comments if desired—this is great for team projects. Anyone with the link can view: Shared users can simply view the file, but can’t edit it in any way. This is the default action when you share a file, and the best option if you’re trying to share file for download. There’s also a “More” option at the very bottom, which allows you to change the general privacy settings for the file: On (Public): This basically makes the file public. Anyone can search for, find, and download the file. On (Link): Anyone with the link can download it. They don’t have to sign in to their Google account to do so. Off: Only specific people can access the file. Thus, Google sign-in is required. Once you’ve set everything as you want it to be, just click Save (or Done if you didn’t jump into the “More” menu). And that’s that. While not a dedicated file sharing solution, Drive is great if you want to share a file with a colleague, family member, friend, or the like. It’s a great sort of two-in-one solution for both storing and sharing files quickly and easily, all with essentially universal access. JOIN THE DISCUSSION Tweet Cameron Summerson is a die-hard Android fan, Chicago Bulls fanatic, metalhead, and cyclist. When he's not pounding keys on the 'net, you can find him spending time with his wife and kids, chugging away on the 6-string, spinning on the streets, or watching the Bulls while yelling at the TV. Published 03/29/17 DID YOU KNOW? At the peak of its production in World War II, Ford’s Willow Run production facility in Ypsilanti, Michigan was fabricating an entire B-24 Liberator long-range bomber every 63 minutes. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK How to Know When It’s Time to Replace Your Laptop’s Battery How to Fax a Document From Your Smartphone What’s the Best Antivirus for Windows 10? (Is Windows Defender Good Enough?) How to Find and Remove Duplicate Files on Windows How to Use the Built-in Windows Defender Antivirus on Windows 10 How to Avoid Android Malware and Other Android Security Threats How to Choose the Best VPN Service for Your Needs 7 Ways to Secure Your Web Browser Against Attacks How to Play Windows PC Games on a Mac Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... The option to save your parking location has disappeared from Google Maps Rita El Khoury Follow View All Posts 2017/03/29 2:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 38 Plus 1 on G+ 64 Share on Facebook 40 Share on Twitter Total Shares142 Applications Google News A few days ago, we reported one unofficial feature in Google Maps 9.49 beta that allowed you to manually save your parking location for future reference. Unlike Google's automatic parking saving that guesses the location based on where you approximately stopped driving and surfaces the info in your Feed, this one was a more manual and more accurate way of pinning down your parking spot. It also let you add notes, set a time limit for metered parkings, and attach photos for your reference. That was saved as a notification you could tap when you had to go back to your car. All of this is so you never risk reliving that episode of Seinfeld. But the option sadly disappeared from Google Maps a few days ago (server-side switch or due to the update to 9.49.1 beta or 9.49.2, I'm not sure) and hasn't been back since. In its place when you tap the blue dot, there's the new location sharing option that went live yesterday. When it was available, saving your parking (left) was right where location sharing is now (right). Saving parking wasn't officially announced as a Maps feature and was part of the beta app version, so it's probably still a work in progress. Maybe the team didn't intend for the feature to go live then or maybe they discovered a bug and had to disable it momentarily. I do hope it comes back soon though because it was very handy. Tags google maps parking location save your parking saving parking subscribe ... Previous Story [Neat] Google Keep can autocomplete movie and TV show titles ... Next Story [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, ... Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments roberto.elena I never had that feature. I hate that even enrolling on the betas doesn't mean getting the latest features, slow roll out sucks. Mark Slavin I had the feature and hope they bring it back (or add an option to the Now card to add an expiry time). Denholm Willmer How dare they? andy_o I ran into some kind of bug that placed the parking location right on the destination spot (pin), and not on the actual parking spot, when setting it from the navigation arrival screen. Hopefully it is a bug-fixing delay. ddevito It's still there in the iOS version lorenzobjuarez Everything is ALWAYS on the iOS version! CBMR Yup, I just saw it last night C64 OMG , now we have to use our brains and think for ourselves https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4e8ae68acafbb8369fca8a9423ff78105cc9f6c103df72386a68d55e6461d6a4.jpg Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google's software motto should be, "Now you see it, now you don't." Willie Chalmers III This is why we can't have good things. Régis Knechtel https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b233b197af44ffa3889225d58263d87e1147fc4914911082a34095ae43e065d1.gif F4LL0U7 Must have been a server side switch. I'm on the beta version and i played around with it the day it came out, then showed it to my wife that evening. The next morning (did not receive an update) the feature was gone. VAVAMk_2 Brace yourselves! 3 new messaging apps inbound! AQ Could always just mark your location mmanuallly with a label of parking spot or something, maybe throw in the date in case you forget to delete it? Bewear Google giveth, Google taketh. Aldo72 I believe the reason they remove it was because once in parking, you couldn't unlock it.. I tried to remove my parking location but I wasn't able to do so.. So I wrote to support Jon Cooper Since when did google care what consumers want? Classic maps was so good they stopped us using it. Now it's all about the bloat. Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 14 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 199 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 4 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 28 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 66 1 Year Ago Today Amazon Updates Its Policies To Ban USB Type-C Cables That Are Not Fully Spec Compliant 2016/03/29 8:29pm PDTMar 29, 2016 95 2 Years Ago Today Upbeat Monsters Icon Pack Fills Your Homescreen With Adorable Googly-Eyed Apps 2015/03/29 11:57am PDTMar 29, 2015 79 3 Years Ago Today Rumor: Google Now Will Help You Remember, Pay Your Bills [APK Teardown] 2014/03/29 11:55am PDTMar 29, 2014 69 4 Years Ago Today [New App] BBQScreen Mirrors Your Display On A Computer At 25FPS (Root Only) 2013/03/29 7:31pm PDTMar 29, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today WSJ: Google To Open Online Store This Year, Will Sell Tablets Independently Of Retailers (Perhaps With The Launch Of Jellybean) 2012/03/29 8:56pm PDTMar 29, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today Get Your Credit Cards Ready - Android In-App Billing System Now Live (P.S. Devs, No More Separate Lite/Paid Apps, Please) 2011/03/29 8:34pm PDTMar 29, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Upgrade Your Android Phone's External Storage With A-Data Turbo 16GB Class 6 MicroSD Card - Review And Benchmarks 2010/03/29 11:15pm PDTMar 29, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 61 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 103 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 106 queries | 0.303s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Listening to Music Entertainment 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Listening to Music Dan Price 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Watching TV Entertainment 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Watching TV Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: You Should Probably Stop Using LastPass Temporarily Tech News Internet You Should Probably Stop Using LastPass Temporarily Dave Parrack March 29, 2017 29-03-2017 1 minute You Should Probably Stop Using LastPass Temporarily Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Password managers are great How Password Managers Keep Your Passwords Safe How Password Managers Keep Your Passwords Safe Passwords that are hard to crack are also hard to remember. Want to be safe? You need a password manager. Here's how they work and how they keep you safe. Read More , at least on paper. Unfortunately, things can go wrong from time to time, as LastPass is currently finding out. After having survived one security scare a couple of weeks ago, LastPass is now in the middle of another one. And this one looks a whole lot trickier to fix. Google security researcher Tavis Ormandy recently discovered a LastPass vulnerability. He promptly informed LastPass of the problem, and the company is already working on a fix. However, users are intentionally being kept in the dark for obvious reasons. So, should you be worried? Google Zero Finds LastPass Wanting On Saturday (March 25), Ormandy, who works for Google’s Project Zero, tweeted that he’d discovered a client-side vulnerability in the LastPass browser extension. He obviously didn’t divulge the details, instead notifying the company of the issue and giving LastPass the standard 90 days to fix it. Ah-ha, I had an epiphany in the shower this morning and realized how to get codeexec in LastPass 4.1.43. Full report and exploit on the way. pic.twitter.com/vQn20D9VCy — Tavis Ormandy (@taviso) March 25, 2017 On Monday (March 27), LastPass published a blog post acknowledging the problem, revealing that “this attack is unique and highly sophisticated”. LastPass obviously isn’t revealing the nature of the problem, but promises that it’s now “actively addressing the vulnerability”. In the meantime, LastPass suggests users launch websites directly from the LastPass vault, enable two-factor authentication anywhere and everywhere, and be extra vigilant against phishing attacks New Phishing Techniques To Be Aware of: Vishing and Smishing New Phishing Techniques To Be Aware of: Vishing and Smishing Vishing and smishing are dangerous new phishing variants. What should you be looking out for? How will you know a vishing or smishing attempt when it arrives? And are you likely to be a target? Read More . This is all good advice, but there is always the option to stop using LastPass altogether. If you’re using LastPass you should, at the very least, change the way you’re using it in the ways LastPass itself recommends. And, given the nature of this vulnerability, you may want to stop using LastPass altogether until after the fix is in. There are, after all, plenty of LastPass alternatives 5 Best LastPass Alternatives to Manage Your Passwords 5 Best LastPass Alternatives to Manage Your Passwords Many people consider LastPass to be the king of password managers; it's packed with features and boasts more users than any of its competitors -- but it's far from being the only option! Read More . LastPass Scares Easily As previously mentioned, this is the second security scare in as many weeks. Which should worry the average LastPass user. The previous vulnerabilities were quickly patched, but, according to Ormandy, this one is “a major architectural problem”. Which means it will take rather longer to fix. Do you use LastPass? Are you worried about this vulnerability? Are you going to follow the advice of LastPass? Or stop using the browser extension altogether? How do you feel about password managers in general? Please let us know in the comments below! Previous PostYes, Ransomware Can Encrypt Your Cloud StorageNext PostSamsung Launches the New Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus 12 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tuanta March 30, 2017 at 4:34 am It's pretty simple. Don't leave yourself logged into LastPass. Login when you need to access a site, then log out. You wouldn't leave the front door to your home open while you're home... But sure, sensationalize the issue for ratings, everyone else does. Drama>Facts Reply Warren March 30, 2017 at 1:21 am Dumped LastPass and went to KeePass. Reply Federico Guzmán March 29, 2017 at 9:44 pm I got 3 e-mails today from LastPass letting me know that someone logged into my account from 3 different locations in Russia. The thing is that I don't actually see that activity in LastPass' log. Either way I enabled 2-Factor through Google Authenticator, but something is happening over there, I think... Reply David Lemler March 29, 2017 at 9:32 pm I think I'll still keep using LastPass. I usually am very careful about what files I run, and I usually sign out (I'm pretty sure this vulnerability wouldn't affect when you're signed out) when I'm going to be away. Reply carnufex March 29, 2017 at 5:01 pm I ditched LastPass after the last issue. I am none the worst as I use my phone's password manager and 2FA. I think I will keep it out of my browser especially since privacy, in the US, is nonexistent . Reply Zeke March 29, 2017 at 4:45 pm Easier said than done to just stop using Lastpass altogether. Do they really expect users to launch every major website they have a password for on lastpass, everyday indefinitely. Seems like they've had a few of these over just the past few years though. Reply Colin March 29, 2017 at 3:26 pm Can anybody tell if this is a problem with Lastpass on Windows, or are other OSs involved? Reply RoyDG March 29, 2017 at 2:50 pm It's been a year when I found LastPass. I only used it with my android device. I will be keeping in touch for further news and info. Reply DontIUnderstand March 29, 2017 at 2:19 pm you should never reduce ALL of your password to ONE.. so there would never be sense in using a password manager Reply m-p{3} March 29, 2017 at 3:04 pm Security is about balancing security and convenience and mitigating the risks of that decision. A password manager isn't bulletproof, but it's already miles ahead what the average user does: reusing the same passwords on multiple websites. Until 2FA is ubiquitous, this is the best we currently have to secure our digital lives. Reply Toni Peji? March 29, 2017 at 3:39 pm Sure, but nobody will create and remember over 100 different and complex passwords, without a password manager people usually reuse passswords, which is a lot more unsafe. Reply carnufex March 29, 2017 at 5:03 pm What's your email address? chuckle Reply Dave Parrack 1441 articles Dave Parrack is a technology journalist from the UK. Growing up at a time when personal computing and the internet were blossoming gave him a fascination with technology that continues to this day. With 10 years experience writing online, he's currently the Tech News writer and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf.… Advertisement Latest Giveaways Aerix Vidius HD Budget FPV/VR Streaming Drone Aerix Vidius HD Budget FPV/VR Streaming Drone ILIFE A6 Robot Vacuum Review (and Giveaway) ILIFE A6 Robot Vacuum Review (and Giveaway) Xiaomi Yeelight Smart Wi-Fi Light Strip Review & Giveaway Xiaomi Yeelight Smart Wi-Fi Light Strip Review & Giveaway Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Kotton Grammer Reveals Shocking Facts About YouTube Disappearance   View as PDF  Print View    KGR Club launches a new YouTube Channel aimed at Enrepreneurs that plans to cover Leveraging Search Engine Optimization to rank websites organically, apart from paid ads, such as Google pay-per-click (PPC). The channel and the extensive video content can be found at https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCw37LYaxQnQ-Lv-gX34r7sw Sacramento, United States - March 29, 2017 /PressCable/ -- Many of his die-hard legions and loyal viewers from around the world wondered what happened to Kotton and why he took that long hiatus from YouTube. After six months of muteness, he returns and finally revealed long awaited answers to a handful of followers. Kotton, the self-made SEO who ranks for the number one spot across forty cities around the world, claimed the primary reason why he disappeared was due to a revamp in philosophy and rerunning of what mattered the most to him - his YouTube channel. Entrepreneurs, who were questioning and looking for the latest information on Leveraging Search Engine Optimization to rank websites organically, apart from paid ads, such as Google pay-per-click (PPC) are invited to subscribe to the all-new YouTube channel by KGR Club. This new channel promises to provide expert guidance and information on Leveraging Search Engine Optimization or SEO to rank websites organically, apart from paid ads, such as Google pay-per-click (PPC), on a regular basis. This new YouTube channel was created specifically with the needs of people who embrace entrepreneurship and would like to be their own boss and live a lifestyle not dependent upon money, time, and location in mind, and KGR Club welcomes input on which topics to explore. Kaylee Storm, Director of Marketing at KGR Club said: "It appears there are a lot of confusion out there in the Internet Marketing world on Kotton Grammer, who he is and what he represents. There have even been fake Kotton Grammer review rip-off reports fabricated to just slander the character of Kotton Grammer. Many in the field have been working with Kotton for years and want to inform as well as provide to the public real facts to understanding that Kotton Grammer is indeed a man of the highest character and integrity." KGR Club's Director of Marketing goes on to say: "The aim of the new YouTube Channel is to educate the public on the work and character of Kotton Grammer so that they can make an unbiased judgement for themselves. The more feedback the club receives, the better and more accurate it can serve its audience." This was followed by a plethora of fans leaving a Kotton Grammer testimonial. After the new YouTube channel launched on March 15, 2017, new viewers can catch up and view all the latest videos here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgjgEb0ypz1-brfchb_u3dQ . Further details on the channel, the direction and other information on KGR Club itself can be found from their website at: http://www.kottongrammerreview.club/ Contact Info: Name: Guy Nicks Organization: Information Technology of Sacramento (ITCS) Address: 372 Florin Road, Sacramento, CA 95831, United States For more information, please visit http://www.itconsultingsacramento.net Source: PressCable Release ID: 181253 Recent Press Releases By The Same User New Plastic-Free GoGlass Terra Borosilicate Glass Water Bottle is Now Available (Thu 30th Mar 17) Hammett, Bellin & Oswald, LLC Announces 2017 Scholarship Winner (Thu 30th Mar 17) Hamilton Dental Centre Unveils Exciting New Website For Patients (Thu 30th Mar 17) Small Succulent Planters & Watering Bulbs for Plants Garden Gift Set Launched (Thu 30th Mar 17) Demetz Online Personal Training Reports on Fad Diets in America (Thu 30th Mar 17) Evergreen Solutions LLC Reports on Water Quality in America (Thu 30th Mar 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Place an advert Buy a photo Plus Rewards Puzzles Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport What's On Pics Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating ALL Cleethorpes People Crime Education Business Health Jobs News Politics Letters Transport Pictures Google Home: UK release date, price, design and where you can buy it By Nisha_Mal  |  Posted: March 29, 2017   0 COMMENTS   SHARES Google Home: UK release date, price, design and where you can buy it X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / Ten GCSE schoolgirls removed from lessons at Havelock... 1 Drive-thru Costa Coffee and Marston's Carvery coming to... 1 Victims of violent robbery targeted by burglar days... 1 Comments (0) Google has revealed its Home smart speaker will finally be launching in the UK. Just like Amazon's successful Echo speaker, it will be able to schedule appointments, set reminders and read out the news. Tech fans were first introduced to the Home last year and it was launched in the US soon after, but is only now making its way across the pond. Here's what you need to know about the new gadget. Release date and price Google Home will launch in the UK on Thursday, April 6. The voice-controlled smart speaker will cost £129 and will be available in a range of colours including white, black, purple, blue and orange. You will be able to buy it from the Google Store as well as Currys and PC World, Argos, Maplin and John Lewis. Design The design is supposedly inspired by wine glasses and candles. It has a sloped top with four coloured LED lights on it - these provide visual feedback. There is a mute button on the back, which you can press to prevent Google from listening to "hot words". The bottom has a speaker grille attached to it. This can be swapped for different coloured shells to suit your personal taste and mood - there will be six options available in different fabrics and metals. Google assistance This tool is like a more intuitive Google search. It allows users to ask questions in a more natural way so you don't have to think about how you word things to get the answer you want. You can also ask follow up questions so it feels a bit more like a natural conversation. The assistance will also let you share information across devices, like phones, tablets and laptops. What's more, you'll be able to link together several Google Home speakers around your house to synchronise them. Everyday tasks The smart speaker will be able help you manage day-to-day tasks like setting alarms, sending you reminders, starting timers and even adding items to your shopping list. Plus, if you have smart devices in your home, you can control your lights and switches from brands including Nest, Philips or Samsung SmartThings. If you have a Chromecast, you can also use voice commands to play Netflix and YouTube on your TV. Find out more here. Report this article Read more from Grimsby Telegraph Most Recent Most Commented Ten GCSE schoolgirls removed from lessons at Havelock Academy for... Drive-thru Costa Coffee and Marston's Carvery coming to Grimsby Victims of violent robbery targeted by burglar days after he... Westminster terror attack: Muslim community in Grimsby left... Council to shut TWO public toilets - this week! Brexit: What is Article 50 and what happens next Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs Quality Controller - Henstridge Somerset Salary : TBD Sales Executive - Henstridge Somerset Salary : TBD Machine Operator - Henstridge somerset Salary : TBD Forklift Operator - Henstridge Somerset Salary : TBD Human Resources Officer - Henstridge Somerset Salary : TBD Admin Assistant - Henstridge Somerset Salary : TBD Insurance administrator Salary : Good Rates of Pay IT Support Technician Salary : £16086.00 Qualified/Experienced Dispenser Salary : Good Rates of Pay Staff Nurse Salary : Good Rates of Pay Teachers Salary : Good Rates of Pay Graphic Designer Salary : Good Trainee Film & MediaTeacher Salary : Training Salary up to £18001.00 Practice Nurse Salary : Good Rates of Pay Trainee Business Teachers Salary : Training Salary up to £18.001 Learning Support Assistant Salary : Good Rates of Pay CADET QUARTERMASTER Salary : £28040.00 HELP DESK CO-ORDINATOR/ADMINISTRATOR Salary : £16,600-17,680 Multi-skilled Engineer Salary : Competitive Catering Assistant Salary : £7.50 per hour, pay award pending Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Cleethorpes Business Crime Politics Entertainment Education Jobs news Health Transport Have Your Say Polls Sport Grimsby Town Cleethorpes Town FC Football Rugby Cricket Other Sport Picture galleries Our site Video Jobs Dating Letters How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Promotions Buy and Sell Notices Buy a Photo Cars Property Classifieds Places Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Attractions Pubs and Bars Hairdressers Sport and Leisure Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Plumbers Legal Services Taxis & Vehicle Hire Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
Skip to content Skip to main navigation News Mumbo Opinion Events Australia Asia Subscribe Home News Dr Mumbo Opinion FYI Subscribe to newsletter Opinion Forget the Google scandal, online advertising is ‘corrupt at its core’ Advertising and marketing folk are generally hard-working people with worthwhile motives, but we have been sleepwalking into a landscape of deviousness and deceit advanced by a tech culture which has embraced – let's not kid ourselves – an ethos of malleable ethics, argues Bob Hoffman March 27, 2017 5:56 by BOB HOFFMAN 2 Let’s forget for a minute about the growing Google scandal. Let’s forget the kickback scandal unearthed in the United States by the Association of National Advertisers. Instead, let’s go back to first principles and focus on the nature of online advertising, and why – at its core – it has become a corrupt and dangerous thing. It all started with a big fantasy. The fantasy was this – people would want to interact with online advertising. We were told that online advertising would be far more effective than traditional advertising because it would be interactive. This fantasy lived for a few years until reliable data arrived and it became clear that consumers had virtually no interest in interacting with online advertising. In fact, click rates (the only possible way to interact with online advertising) were so low, platforms like Facebook refused to divulge them. There are two ways online publishers make money – traffic and clicks. In light of the indifference consumers were demonstrating toward display advertising, publishers needed to find a way to generate traffic and/or clicks to attract advertisers and make money. A crisis was averted when they hit on a solution: Disguise advertising as something else. Illustration by Jacu Amansec When you see a TV commercial, a billboard or a magazine ad, there is no question what it is. It is an attempt to sell you something. These ads may be annoying, stupid, or tiresome but there is no doubt about the nature of what they are or what their motives are. They are ads and they want to sell you something. Online advertising is different. It has become devious, non-transparent, and unscrupulous. It is intentionally confusing and its motives are often unclear. It does everything possible to hide its real intent. Yahoo is in the top five websites in the US by visitor count. Here is a a screen grab from this morning’s (as I write this) front page news feed. Let’s ignore for a second the unspeakable crap that Yahoo considers front page news. One of the leading stories on this front page is not a news story at all. It is an ad disguised as a news story (it’s the Stephen Hawking ‘story’). Yahoo also deceives us about the security of our personal information. According to Yahoo… “…we have a deep understanding of the threats facing our users and continuously strive to stay ahead of these threats to keep our users and our platforms secure…” But according to The New York Times, in 2014 Yahoo’s chief of security recommended some changes that would make their platform a lot more secure by employing “end-to-end” encryption. This initiative was thwarted by the person who runs their email and messaging services because “...it would have hurt Yahoo’s ability to index and search message data…” That means simply this – they wouldn’t be able to read our email and target us with advertising accordingly. The result? Last year Yahoo announced that half a billion accounts had been hacked. Google earns its money by misdirection. When you search for ‘Gloves’ as I did here, you get an ad disguised as a search result. Unless you happen to notice the word ‘sponsored’ in the upper right corner, and happen to know that by ‘sponsored’ Google actually means ‘this is an ad’ you would believe you’re getting a search result. Google has made a minimal effort to identify ads (as is required by regulation) including a little yellow ‘ad’ badge on most paid ads. However, the overall look and feel of the ads is so similar to search results that half the people can’t distinguish between a paid ad and a legitimate search result. There is only one possible explanation for this – Google is intentionally blurring the lines. This is not the only way Google strives to deceive. According to The Wall Street Journal, the US Federal Trade Commission has reported “… Google Inc. manipulated search results to favor its own services over rivals’, even when they weren’t most relevant for users…the FTC’s bureau of competition found evidence that Google boosted its own services for shopping, travel and local businesses by altering its ranking criteria and ‘scraping’ content from other sites. It also deliberately demoted rivals.” The Wall Street Journal also recently reported that “ads for products sold by Google and its sister companies appeared in the most prominent spot in 91 per cent of 25,000 recent searches related to such items”. The Journal says: “The results show how Google uses its dominant search engine to boost other parts of its business and give it an edge over competitors….After the Journal shared the analysis with Google on Dec. 15, many of the ads disappeared… Google declined to comment on the disparity.” I bet they did. Facebook uses the names of its users to create phoney testimonial ads which falsely imply that your friends and family are endorsing the brands in question. This practice amounts to hijacking user identities and disguising them as product endorsements. The ad below appeared in my Facebook feed today. I have contacted both Nathan Krinsky and Susan Tillem, the people referenced in the ad, and have confirmed that neither of them knew they were being used in this way. When Mr Krinsky was questioned about this his response was: “How did they get my name?” He said he had no awareness of their using his name, he did not give permission nor did he “like” the advertiser. Actually, he did give permission but didn’t know it. The permission for them to engage in this deceptive practice is buried deep in the agreement he signed when he opened a Facebook account. There is only one explanation for this – Facebook is intentionally exploiting a legal loophole to deceive us into thinking our friends are endorsing products which they are not endorsing. Many of the ads in my current Facebook feed are identified as ‘suggested posts’. I wonder what language it is in which ‘suggested post’ means ‘ad’? As usual, they are doing their best to confuse what is an ad and what is not. Social media is a gross abuser of reasonable advertising standards. The most dangerous outcome of this has been the perversion of the news industry. First is fake news. The ability of fake news to make money for its creators is enabled by adtech (the automated buying and selling of advertising space).  In very simple terms, a fake news story runs on a social media platform, attracts traffic and clicks, which signals programmatic (automated) systems to buy advertising on the site. Below is an egregious example of a ‘successful’ fake news story. A second corruption of journalism is the ascendancy of clickbait. Since online publishers only make money from clicks and traffic, the use of clickbait tactics to attract traffic has become more economically rewarding than good journalism. In the current model, good journalism can actually have a negative economic effect. The valuable people you attract through good journalism are tracked and retargeted to at a lower cost site. Or your story is hijacked, aggregated and republished somewhere else. You’ll never believe what happens next. Third is the development and acceptance of ‘native advertising’ as a legitimate form of journalistic activity. Despite its euphemistically lovely name, native advertising is nothing but advertising disguised as news. Legitimate news organisations, desperate to make money at all costs, have been seduced into  producing and running thinly disguised advertising pieces masquerading as news. The rot has gotten so deep that some once-reputable news organisations have actually set up studios for the creation of this crap, and are going so far as to oversee its wide dissemination on social media channels on behalf of its clients. It’s hard to overestimate the damage that online advertising has had on the credibility of our news media. The fact that we have a populace that no longer knows what to believe from a media industry they once trusted, is not an accident. Advertising and marketing folk are generally good, hard-working people with worthwhile motives. We want to help our clients and we don’t want to damage people or society. But we have been sleepwalking on a slippery slope of deviousness and deceit that has been advanced by a tech culture which has embraced – let’s not kid ourselves – an ethos of malleable ethics. There is decay, corruption and deceit now sitting at the heart of online advertising. Bob Hoffman has been the CEO of two independent agencies and is the author of the Ad Contrarian blog, where this article first appeared topics Bob Hoffman Share Tweet Share Comments: 2 Add Comment Eddy 27 Mar 17 There’s a lot of crap in the world. You leave your house, and you might walk past a crack house, a brothel, an illegal gambling den, a counterfeit bazaar….that doesn’t mean you have to check them out. The internet is the same. All you can do is educate people and let them decide for themselves. I hope Hoffman prints more of these articles, not just for ad folks (who, frankly, couldn’t give a fuck since they’ll be out of a join if they raise these concerns), but for the general populace. I find google search very very very useful. It might be the greatest invention of all time. But I know how to spot the ads and ignore them. Same for the garbage ads on yahoo disguised as news or human interest articles. I believe most consumers are equally savvy and desensitised to such tricks. Facebook I don’t even go near. It really is the worst offender of them all. And with the creative hacks they have in there telling them what is good advertising, I expect it to get a lot worse. As always, thanks to Bob for writing this piece. Without him and Dave Trott, we’d all be singing kumbaaya and drinking the piss flavoured kool aid. Reply Aryeh Sternberg 28 Mar 17 If you have an issue with it, then do the right thing and stand up for quality advertising practices. And while you’re at it remind the journalists and editors of the major news publications to do the same; take part in creating content for people that resonates and is imbued with quality and authenticity. When you, and I mean you specifically Bob, allow whoever pays the right price to deliver video fake news unsubstantiated native advertising to be delivered baiting clicks and further find ways to extend your reach even into the so-called pure television world as you build programmable TV advertising into the mix, you’re like a hypocritical parent telling his kids to do as he says and not as he does, and when asked why that’s okay your answer as will the rest of the industry will be “it’s unfortunately my duty to maximize my shareholders’ profits”. Unless we all put our money where our mouths are, this problem won’t simply go away by calling out the big guys like Facebook and Google who are eating your lunch because they can. Stand up and fight by throwing your gloves down and leading by example. Refuse crap ads. Block damaging alternative fact-laden media. You clearly have a voice people listen to, now take action and lead others to follow. Reply Have your say Name Email Address (optional) Website (optional)   Notify me of followup comments via e-mail ADVERTISEMENT Most Discussed 15 Comments Talented creatives are ‘not easy to find’ in this market, says new Jack Morton ECD 8 Comments ‘Godalbloodymighty’ – the ‘male and stale’ sausage-fest APOS conference line-up 7 Comments Pablo Gómez Martínez moves from IPG Mediabrands to Kantar as APAC head of media 6 Comments Understanding the art of modern copywriting 5 Comments Dave Trott speaks: Scam, Cannes, Trump ‘the winner’, Don Draper ‘the bad creative’ and ‘pure wind’ native ads SUBSCRIBE Sign up to our free daily update to get the latest in media and marketing
