× Weather Alert Information Alert data provided by http://alerts.weather.gov/ Close Contact Us Register Login DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines Wheels Advertise Membership E-Paper High/Low: Humidity: Wind: Sunrise: Sunset: Visibility: View Full Forecast starting , ending . View Powered by Forecast.io Business Toggle SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS OPINION PODCASTS ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS & VIDEO OBITUARIES News Sports Opinion Podcasts Arts & Entertainment Photos & Video Obituaries DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines WHEELS Advertise Membership E-Paper Police/Fire/Courts Business Local State/Northeast Nation/World Special Reports Maps & Data Military UCONN High School Local Colleges Professional GameDay Editorials Letters Columns Op-Ed Guest Opinions Sports Features News Opinion Horoscopes Dear Abby Games & Puzzles Lifestyle Events & Exhibits Food & Drink Arts & Music Movies & TV Live Lunch Photo Galleries Videos GameDay Place an Ad Today's Listings Pets Garage & Yard Sales Map Jobs Local Coupons Deal of the Day Rewards Business Directory Job Fair Local Jobs Homes of Distinction Find Local Listings Homes of Distinction Your Good Health Sound & Country Products Milestones Legal Obituary Classified Contact Us My Account Passport Rewards Subscribe Electronic Edition The Day's App Newspapers in Education Archives WARNING: This site requires JavaScript enabled to provide the best user experience possible. Please enable JavaScript within your browser for this site! LATEST NEWS Local News Local Sports Local Entertainment all day, every day Thank you for visiting theday.com. You've read 3 free articles. To continue reading up to 10 premium articles, you must register, or sign up and take advantage of this exclusive offer: Full Digital Access 12 weeks of savings $1 for 12 weeks Enjoy the benefits of membership for less. ACT NOW Already registered on theday.com? Login. Not registered? Register. No, thank you. ×Close Google co-founder Sergey Brin reportedly building $100 million 'air yacht' to help the poor Sergey Brin, president of Alphabet and co-founder of Google, speaks at the 2016 Global Entrepreneurship Summit at Stanford University in Stanford, California, on June 24, 2016. (MUST CREDIT: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg) Published June 04. 2017 12:01AM  By Hamza Shaban The Washington Post Google co-founder Sergey Brin is spending more than $100 million to build the world's largest airship, a blimp with a rigid structure designed to both deliver supplies abroad for humanitarian projects and ferry Brin's family and friends around the globe, the Guardian newspaper reported. The project is the latest example of Silicon Valley attempting to reshape how goods and people are moved. But some say it also underscores a penchant for tech moguls to color their projects with seemingly virtuous ambition. Some people on social media seized on the vessel's apparent dual purpose. On the one hand, it's a benevolent carrier transporting food to remote, hard-pressed communities, and on the other it's a luxurious "air yacht," as the Guardian report described it, shuttling a billionaire and his inner circle to exotic locations. Google declined to comment. The vessel is reportedly being built at the NASA Ames Research Center in Mountain View, California. When completed, the airship will become the world's largest aircraft at about 650 feet long, although its payload is not known, according to the Guardian. Plans for the vessel, which is being funded by Brin, were first reported by Bloomberg earlier this year. Experts say that the use of airships could bypass the congestion and costs tied to transporting cargo via roads, railways and airports. But lighter-than-air travel presents its own challenges, like the need to steady the aircraft by offsetting the weight of cargo once it's offloaded. According to the Guardian, Brin's vessel will use a series of internal bladders to stabilize its flight. Brin began his plans to build the vessel about three years ago, according to Bloomberg. His fascination with airships was sparked by visits to the Ames Research Center, next to the headquarters of Google's parent company, Alphabet. Ames once housed the navy airship USS Macon, which spanned about 784 feet and was among the largest aircraft of its time in the 1930s. Silicon Valley's novel charitable efforts have been criticized in the past, perhaps most prominently in the case of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg's internet.org initiative, which aims to bring Internet access to the billions of people who don't have it. With altruistic motives but lucrative business prospects, some see Zuckerberg's initiative less as a magnanimous Internet project than as a version of high-tech imperialism. It's unclear whether Brin's airship will be put to commercial use. But Larry Page, CEO of Alphabet and the other co-founder of Google, has also taken a keen interest in innovative aircraft. Page has personally backed two flying-car start-ups, Kitty Hawk and Zee.Aero. Kitty Hawk's flyer, a personal electric aircraft that hovers over water, will be available for purchase later this year.   Previous Article Next Article Loading comment count... Hide Comments READER COMMENTS Loading comments... Hide Comments MOST READ 1 Fitch teams are bringing pride to Groton when it's needed the most 2 Machinist's Mate (Weapons) 'A' School Graduation 3 Scott Bates of Stonington decides not to run for governor 4 Dominion Energy loses legislative fight over Millstone pricing 5 The Spirit of Katharine Hepburn Award goes to Glenn Close 6 Fitch senior inspired by his mother's dedication, cancer battle 7 Subvets annual scholarship golf tournament takes place June 22 at River Ridge Golf Course 8 Tired of two parties? Try going Green 9 Tough getting about on Boston Post Rd. 10 Disabled clients will suffer due to change MOST VIEWED MEDIA 1 The magical art of indigo dyeing 2 Waterford beats Stonington 8-6 in Class S lacrosse quarters MOST DISCUSSED STORIES 1 6 dead, more than 30 hurt in terrorist attack in London; police say they killed 3 attackers 43 2 Putin ridicules Democrats, allegations of collusion between Trump aides, Russian officials 25 3 Plans for rail bypass met with staunch opposition in New London 23 4 Former NPU official is paid $4,500 per month as utility consultant 23 5 Chipmunk blamed for Griswold crash 15 Back to Top About The Day The Day Publishing Company 47 Eugene O'Neill Drive P.O. Box 1231 New London, CT 06320-1231 USA Staff Profiles FAQs Jobs at The Day Contact Us Connect with us Quick Links DayExtra E-Paper Contests Lottery Numbers Horoscopes Puzzles TV Weather Calendar Milestones Today's Headlines Advertising About Our Ads Advertise Place a Classified Ad Contacts Find New London Area Jobs Services Full-page Reprints Photo Reprints The Day Collection Privacy Policy/Terms RSS Text/SMS Alerts
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS US Edition Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Computex 2017 iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Project Scorpio Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Google is adding an ad blocker to Chrome in 2018 Google is adding an ad blocker to Chrome in 2018 By Michelle Fitzsimmons Internet   Google's ad blocker is coming soon Shares Google will stop showing all ads on some websites in its Chrome browser starting next year, the search giant announced today. Weeks of speculation that Google planned to introduce its own ad blocker for Chrome led to today's official announcement, with Senior Vice President, Ads & Commerce Sridhar Ramaswamy outlining the company's reasoning to block all advertisements on sites that show too many irritating ads.  While acknowledging, "the vast majority of online content creators fund their work with advertising," Ramaswamy also noted that "annoying, intrusive ads" have led users to block advertisements altogether via extensions and other tools.   Google's approach is to encourage better ads that both publishers and visitors can live with. The search giant has joined the Coalition for Better Ads and will use the group's Better Ads Standards as a guideline for best advertising practices.   "In a dialogue with the Coalition and other industry groups, we plan to have Chrome stop showing ads (including those owned or served by Google) on websites that are not compliant with the Better Ads Standards starting in early 2018," Ramaswamy said.  What are bad ads? According to the Better Ads Standards, examples of bad desktop ads include pop ups, auto-playing video ads with sound, "presitial" ads with countdowns (the ones that don't let you see a page until a timer runs out) and large sticky ads.  On mobile, examples of offending ads include many of the same as well as ads with a density higher than 30%, full-screen scrollover ads and flashing animated ads. Google's ad blocker is said to work on both desktop and mobile devices. Google is giving publishers at least half a year to ready themselves for the ad blocker tool roll out, according to sources speaking with the Wall Street Journal. The publication reports ad blocking will be on by default, and will stop all ads from appearing on websites that have too many that result in a negative user experience. Google is treating the new tool more like a filter than a proper ad blocker, the Wall Street Journal says.  Comply or... Google is also providing resources for publishers so they don't suddenly lose all their advertising (and associated revenue).  The company has published an Ad Experience Report to help website owners identify whether ads they serve violate the Better Ads Standards. Google provides examples with screenshots and videos of annoying ad experiences as well as a best practices guide for what constitutes acceptable ads.  Another tool Google introduced is called Funding Choices. This lets publishers post a customized message to users coming to their site with an ad blocker turned on. Users will have the option to either allow ads or make a payment to bypass all ads. Transactions will be completed through another new tool called Google Contributor.  Funding Choices is already available in North America, the UK, Germany, Australia and New Zealand, Ramaswamy said, with a roll out in more countries planned for later this year.   It's no surprise Google is introducing this ad "filter" as it ensures some ads are served up to users rather than no ads at all.  However, there's sure to be push back as publishers rely on ad revenue in order to display their content for free. What's more, with Google the ultimate arbiter of good and bad ads, the search giant may be seen as wielding too much power – more so than it does now – in the online advertising game.  Best VPN services you can try right now Related news The best cheap Dell laptop deals in June 2017 The best cheap Chromebook deals in June 2017 The best Dell XPS 13 & 15 deals in June 2017 The best monitor deals in June 2017 See more Internet news Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 2 The best free VPN 2017 3 New Nokia 3310 (2017) review 4 The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 has to have a 4K screen 5 OnePlus 5 leak tips it to be faster than the Samsung Galaxy S8 1 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 2 It doesn’t matter if you hate the new Nokia 3310, it’s already done its job 3 Kodi, VLC and other media players are open to malware attack via subtitles 4 Yes, Samsung Galaxy S8's iris scanner can be hacked – here's how 5 Huawei MateBook X review TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Update: Site is live, more details] Google launches Funding Choices, a way for users to pay sites to hide ads Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/01 8:01pm PDTJun 1, 2017 54 Plus 1 on G+ 126 Share on Facebook 77 Share on Twitter Total Shares257 Games News Update 1: 2017/06/01 8:01pm PDT The new site for Google Contributor/Funding Choices is live, and offers some new insight into how the service actually works. According to the signup page, each page without ads You may recall Google Contributor, which was a service by Google that allowed users to pay a monthly contribution to see fewer ads online. Your money would directly substitute the money earned by the site for advertisements. Contributor was discontinued in late 2016, with Google saying that an improved version would become available in "early 2017." Today, the company launched Funding Choices, the successor to Contributor. Currently in beta, it allows sites to show a customized message to visitors using an ad blocker. The message asks users to either enable ads for the site, or pay for a pass through Contributor that removes all ads on that site. Unlike the original Contributor, Funding Choices hides more than just AdSense ads If you're reading this and thinking, "I really wish Android Police would do this," then you're in luck. We've been part of Google's internal beta, but we're not quite ready to roll it out. Just know that we are definitely working on it. The new Contributor site doesn't seem to be live yet, but there will likely be more details there soon. Source: Google Update 1: 2017/06/01 8:01pm PDT The new site for Google Contributor/Funding Choices is live, and offers some new insight into how the service actually works. According to the signup page, each page without ads that you view on a site costs a small amount, with publishers apparently able to change the price (most of them seem to use $0.01 per page right now). So assuming $0.01 per page, $1 gets you 100 pages without ads, and Google is offering a $5 pass to start out with. Not bad pricing at all, as long as sites stay around the $0.01 price point. Google also offers a list of sites supporting Google Contributor, which currently includes Beliefnet, Business Insider UK, ComicBook, Eurogamer, Grub Street, Hot Air, Parkers, Patheos, Popular Mechanics, Townhall, Twitchy, and World Wide Gaming. End of Update Tags ads contributor funding choices Google google contributor subscribe ... Previous Story Nubia takes the wraps off of the Z17, a phone with up to 8GB of RAM and the first with Quick ... ... Next Story LineageOS adds support for the Pixel C, more V20 models, and other devices Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Daniel Pogue I would be happy to do this for AP, always felt a little guilty about the ad block since you guys make great content. NexusPhan The ads in AP are not bad. Very reasonable and not intrusive at all. I have this site whitelisted to help support their great work. You should consider it too before funding choices goes live. MJ There is certainly websites with much more obnoxious ads but their is a lot of ads on AP. It's just not an acceptable user experience and I not going to subject myself to it. I have been calling for a way to donate to AP for awhile now (why did AP have to wait for a Google solution?) so we see how this plays out. Zachary Dunn Ecommerce is hard. Most small outlets like AP prefer a platform that can handle the security and financial liability. MJ I am not talking about ecommerce but making donations. LOL Alex Dueppen Unfortunately Disqus hasn't been the same way, it seems to often load ads that redirect you to those scam "You are winner" pages that try to look like facebook. Adriannacsmith Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dy164c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dy164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs454MarketDriveGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dy164c:....,..... Maxr1998 I hope these cancerous, unblockable Outbrain ads will also be a part of the funding choices, then I'll happily pay - not that I wouldn't contribute anyway, because I feel a bit guilty for blocking ads for a long time already.. Eli Stevens I do the job from comfort and ease of my residence, participating in effortless activities that just require from you a Laptop together with internet access and I am just pleased than ever... After 6 months in this job and therefore managed to get remunerated in whole 36,000 usd... Mainly I get approximately 80 bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hours constantly.And magnificent factor with this job is the fact that you can supervise time when you do the job and for just how long as you wish for and you attain a check week by week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now needa I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another. Maxr1998 Hm, interesting. I'm using adaway, maybe I need to tweak my filter lists a little then.. NeverrKnowsBest I have gotten full screen malware ads from AP before. I did not want to block them, but they forced my hand. NexusPhan They did have a bad streak of ads for a while about a year ago. I remember that now that you say it. I enabled ad blocker for a few months after it happened. Corbin Davenport I will say that those are normally from Disqus, and we've worked with Disqus in the past to identify them and get them removed. ZettabyteGamer I'm sure it would be hard but if disqus is causing so many problems, maybe you should switch to a different comment section or make your own? needa They would just have to throw more ads up themselves to pay for it. Disqus is pretty good anyways. Not to mention Disqus is a way to get new people to come back to your site. Meaning some guy that already has a disqus acct, but found the site because he needs a new phone, can instantly comment without having to sign up for another account at another site. needa I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. Marcelove Would you work to remove the Outbrain and Taboola cancer networks too? Keep any of those at AP makes any other changes useless... tnt How can you tell what is from Disqus vs the site? Justin W I'd agree that AP's ads aren't bad, but Disqus's are terrible. Irwin LOL are you seriuos? on mobile, like half the site is all ads. It's ridiculous. blueman24 I'm ok with whitelist for sites like AP on desktop but on mobile, I don't want any ads. AP can add 5 more ads on their desktop site but don't cripple performance on my already slow phone. Marcelove Never while it still use Taboola or Outbrain as ads delivers... Both are cancers and any site promoting them shall stay adblocked... No matter how much I like a site, or as good it is, if it decides to use those networks... Doing that equals being automatically added and never removed from my blacklist and everyone should do that to enforce it is unacceptable... tnt I'm with you 100%. They're pure trash. Add Revcontent in there as well. wow Why are they "cancers"? I mean, from what I see outbrain ads are trashy and slow but I don't understand why that's an automatic blacklist for a site that provides quality content for free. Do they have malware or something? (This is referring to those fake news ads above the comment section, right?) EcE APK Mirror - - I do not feel guilty and will happily wait my 10 seconds rather than see 200 ads per page and pop ups (or whatever they are called which are basically the same) whenever I need an APK. Rashad Would it be a one time cost or is this a cost each time we visit a participating site? Corbin Davenport I believe it's a monthly subscription, just like the previous Contributor. MJ Questions? Why did AP have to wait for a Google solution? There are many ways you could have been collecting money all this time. A automatic monthly subscription? Sounds like a loser already as people hate that. It's not going to be a set amount but like pick an amount right? An annual subscription would make more sense. Why can't there just be a simple donate button so people could send money when they can and just continuing blocking the ads ourselves like we have been already doing? Cai Copley It's that you do it in one, centralized location for such a subscription, and not doing it over a series of sites and forgetting how much you're spending. MJ I guess need more details on how it works... Jeff Beck We'll have a special rate for you MJ. .005 cents per article, $15 per grumpy comment submitted. We are going to make a fortune off you ;) Maxr1998 Starting the day with a smile thanks to your witty comments. Thanks Jeff! :D George https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4ba5750c423a92daff44db461bb3042c433e0f5e7edc1f8dadcb32198db0d5e8.jpg Artem Russakovskii It's almost here. Just finishing final testing. Mark Curtis Or just block ads and not pay! I'm entitled to free content! gimme gimme gimme. faceless128 it's about safety. there are so many malicious advertisements out there. if a site doesn't directly control the ads that show up, how can they ensure our safety? Camerooni I use privacy badger.. if it blocks ads that play bad - I'm okay with that alongside blocking tracking cookies etc. What I don't like is sites assuming that if you're blocking an ad network that plays bad with you that you're the bad guy.. Things have to work both ways. Mark Curtis AdBlocking started way back when they were simple JPGs with no JavaScript at all. It could even go back to that and people would complain about having to download the bytes. Ailín Ó’S I wonder will this work internationally or just USA only because I use adblock and don't have AP (for example) whitelisted because of the sheer volume of ads on the site especially from the likes of Disqus with their "Congrats! You're a winner!" and "Local man makes 999.999€ a day with this trick!" spam. cadtek91 I'd imagine it would work with anyone with a Google account? Fabrice Thomas Seems like it's only available in these contries: US, Germany, New Zealand and UK https://support.google.com/contributor/answer/6182581?hl=en Jeff Beck If you want to just pay me directly I'll give you my PayPal address. That'll make things even easier on you. I know, I'm way too nice to you all, you're welcome. DavidW dogecoins or gtfo TechGuy22 Thanks but I'll stick adblock and adaway needa If you guys are wanting input, which I know you didn't ask for, five bucks a year would be my max. Not sure how it works, but I would want that on my mobile device. Desktop chrome has what I need in an extension. Ultimately that would earn more money from me, as i get on this sight far less with mobile chrome. Good_Ole_Pinocchio 5 bucks a year? What does that Pay for? Beer for the staff? needa If everyone that comes to this site with adblock paid five bucks, I doubt they would complain. Jeffrey Spiers Brave browser has this built into the browser directly, have used the feature on some of my most frequented sites. Switched to Brave due to many sites detecting and bitching about ad blockers recently. Good_Ole_Pinocchio Web Ads are trash, always. But I've never used ad blockers. Because if I'm taking the content, I'm taking the ads, or I just don't go to the site if the ads are really horrible. I'd more than pay for no ads. psy spy You have to sign in to your gmail account for this to work? Easier to track us. _jack_ It would be nicer to have this from another company, yes. I also wonder, how much Google keeps for themselves? Godspoken Would there even be a difference between you being signed in to your Google account with this vs without? You're using Android and Google services, I don't know what you'd expect. abc I don't browse from my phone so I'm rarely signed into Google, and this will blow some people's minds on this site - but some of us only use two or three Google apps/services, not the whole damn suite. Lord Argyris The official blurb is a little vague. Each time I visit a page without ads, my pass/account/whatever has the site's chosen cost deducted from it. What constitutes a "page"? If I refresh the tab, does that count as an additional page load? What if I visit an article again at a later date? What about those obnoxious sites that have an automatic reload timer? Could they game FC users? I'm sure all these questions will be answered in time. What I would have liked to have seen is some sort of a multiple tier system, whereby I can select specific participants (e.g AP) and offer to pay a flat monthly rate rather than a per-page fee, then leave the normal fee structure in place for others. It would be an easy way to donate more than I would ordinarily accumulate to places I come frequently, without forcing said sites to set up their own donation system. No matter what tier FC visitors choose, the site gets money. FelschR It's stated quite clearly: "Note: you are charged each time you visit or refresh a page, even if you have previously visited it." https://support.google.com/contributor/answer/7359560?hl=en&ref_topic=6182570 Lord Argyris Okay, that answers that. The blurb on the page linked in the article lacked that more detailed information. Matías Duarte I've only used AdBlock for AP the moment that those ads magically opened a new popup while scrolling without even touching them. Now that the annoying problem is gone, I've disabled it. I know no one cares about this but I finally got accepted for a job and I'll get my very first payment tomorrow, so I would happily pay a contribution for this page! Jeff Beck I'll be one to care. Congrats! Getting paid is awesome. At least that's what the other writers at AP tell me. Kostas 💪🎩 😂😂😂😂😂😂 imneveral0ne I just had a you're a winner one pop up on my phone with android police, so it's definitely not gone. ZettabyteGamer How long till I can use this with you guys? I'm itching to try it out, but this is the only site I really read everyday. Necdet Ali Özdür I think the real question here is what Google means by "fewer ads". Are all kinds of ads will be blocked or just intrusive ones? Will the trackers also be removed? someone755 Hmmm... https://youtu.be/4ezd24krgiQ Powsniffer0110 I'd be happy to pay 1¢ an article on AP and Phandroid, XDA ect.! Powsniffer0110 This is funny as hell lol. We're now paying Google to NOT give us ads... Haha. YaKillaCJ Or continue using AdAway, uBlock Origins and DNS Host Blocking via my router. Many can say what they want but my stance is simple. I won't pay just to "not be inconvenienced and intrused on". Any dev, content providers or ect can easily find many non intrusive ways to advertise. Just_No_Stop This whole situation could have been avoided if ads weren't so intrusive, ugly, malicious, irrelevant and numerous. Some pages use less than a tenth of the data with ads blocked, which is crazy, and any ad that slows the delivery of content is unacceptable. It still baffles me how such appalling ads can be effective, if they piss you off why would you then want the product? Paying not to have to put up with such things is not on, I will keep blocking until sites have better ad policies. dancedar1 'Google offering a $5 pass' reads as though they are giving you $5 credit to try it out - they're not; it's £/$5 minimum mattcoz I also read it that way. 4Ui812 1 cent per page isn't a sustainable business model once users realize how much money they'll blow through. Sites that depend on advertising would be better served by using some sort of royalties model like the way radio stations do with music and artists/labels. Otherwise ad blockers are here to stay.Of course Google will want they're cut. 4Ui812 I'd be willing to turn off my ad blocker and sign up Google Contributor/Funding Choices for the free $5 and then I'd blow it all on this site so you guys and gals can have the money. Once it's gone though my ad blocker will be turned back on :-) Ad blocker is used for security reasons. tmartin Will it remove that Outbrain chum? I really need that stuff to go away. needa I use adguard and there is not one single avertisement on this page. There is a spot for outbrain, but no ads. tmartin I use Ghostery mostly because of the chum and that takes care of it, but I wouldn't mind supporting AP. needa I wouldn't mind either. I turn my blocker off periodically to help out. From the looks of it Google will have the answers we need soon enough with their new chrome filter that they are working on. Hopefully then we will be able to support our favorite sites without being slowed down by the ads. Marcelove Wall Street Journal will use it or it will keep that aggressive paywall? Because allowing only 10 articles is like grabbing the print version, take only one sheet and give to someone saying "If you wanna read more than 1 sheet per month, you need to pay us". I'm not against a publisher using a paywall, but the restriction here is so absurd that even if I was 100% determined to subscribe, I wouldn't only because at this example the newspaper is being douchebag... 30 articles, or 1 per day, would really mean that it was caring about itself and the public... But only 10 shows that it don't give a f*ck about the public and is only caring about itself... Anthony Castanza This is a substantial regression from the old version. Morten Ulv How did the old one work? rap 1¢ per page would add up very fast. By the time I read a couple of favorite blogs each day that would be $20 per month. jdrch $0.01 per page sounds doable. Lars Jeppesen Not available in my countries... Gen. Chang The point is to force the ad industry and websites to change the way they operate. Not reward them for more bad behavior. If it was not for the privacy intrusive models they use, there would not be as big a problem. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 117 queries | 0.364s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google confirms it will block bad ads in Chrome, starting in early 2018 Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/01 3:35pm PDTJun 1, 2017 83 Plus 1 on G+ 441 Share on Facebook 121 Share on Twitter Total Shares645 Applications Google News About two months ago, the Wall Street Journal reported that Google would add an ad-blocking feature into the Chrome web browser. Similar to AdBlock Plus' default setting, Chrome would block ads deemed unacceptable (such as pop-ups, auto-playing video ads, etc). Google has now confirmed this, and shared further details about how it will work. In a post on the company's blog, Google announced that it is joining the Coalition for Better Ads, an industry group attempting to improve online ads. The group has developed the Better Ads Standards, a list of guidelines for desktop and mobile ads based on comprehensive research. Ads deemed unacceptable include pop-ups, auto-playing video ads with sound, large sticky ads, and other common formats. In the post, Google confirmed that Chrome will soon not show ads, including those served by Google, on websites not in compliance with the Better Ads Standards. The change will take effect in "early 2018." This is huge news, especially considering that Google serves more online ads than any company on Earth. Now that Chrome has approximately 60% of the desktop browser market share (and growing), sites will likely have no choice than to follow the guidelines. Source: Google Tags ad-block adblock ads chrome Google google ads google chrome subscribe ... Previous Story [Domo arigato] Duolingo's Android app can now teach you Japanese ... Next Story ASUS announces another Chromebook Flip, this time for schools Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Naga Sridhar Finally!!! Can get rid of those annoying app install ads when browsing on the phone! Corbin Davenport Yeah, I think those are included, since they stick to the top while scrolling. Mgamerz Great news, but I guarantee you there's going to be a shitstorm headed their way really quick. Corbin Davenport Oh for sure. Something something free market. bekifft This is huge. However if they don't address the issue of deceptive ads, it's still a big problem. Hopefully one day I can finally in good conscience stop installing ad blockers as simply a security measure to protect my users. Corbin Davenport I haven't looked through all of the standard's documentation, but I don't see anything about deceptive ads. But I agree, that should be addressed. My1 not really android related but when these things like get 10000 euro in a month easily show up in SKYPE, an application by MICROSOFT that hurts, and they even have HTTPS ads with certificate errors Eli Stevens I get the job done from convenience of my place, with very simple projects that only needs only from you a Desktop computer system as well as web connection and I am happier than before... After six months time during this work and also i obtained compensated for totally 36 thousand us dollars... Mainly I make up near eighty bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hours each day.And marvelous factor about this job is the fact you can easily organize time period when you do the job and for just how long as you prefer and you acquire a check weekly.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Using any download site is an exercise in frustration. "Which giant 'Download Here' button is the right one?! Oh, of course, it's the tiny text link buried between three of them." Santos Chavez Ugh, I hate those sites with a passion. They're part of the reason i vehemently block ads. Take your stupid large fake green buttons outta here, filths :3 Adriannacsmith Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dy164c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dy164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs454MarketDriveGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dy164c:....,...... Cat Astrophy Deceptive is extremely hard to deal with and far more subjective. "Bad" can be virus ridden, or employing technical methods that can be detected automatically (like pop ups). Gregory Will there be an option to block all ads without exceptions? Corbin Davenport Most likely not. Artem Russakovskii Sort of, but if you subscribe to sites running Funding Choices and use Contributor to buy an ad-free pass. Which is how it should be if you want to enjoy quality content from creators. Good ads and free if you don't. No ads and small fee if you do. Bimmer Ime or you can install an adblocker and enjoy no ads and no fee :) Tom Westrick And the sites you enjoy won't be able to sustain themselves... Nathan J Are they hurting now? Because that's what we have now. We have ad blockers, and we have ABP with its acceptable ads, but a lot of people turn it off. How about the sack on that guy, telling the main guy at AP to block ads on his own site? I'm a block-everything guy too, but I'm going to be seriously looking into this Funding Choices thing. I don't want my ad-free page views being wasted on just any old site, but sites I read daily, like AP and Neowin, I definitely want to see them get their cut. Cakefish ABP allows through Taboola, Outbrain and Revcontent. The polar opposite of acceptable ads. R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ That would kill the internet and you would have to pay for everything. Ads are what make the internet free Gregory You know, they can always make money on others, not on me. Most people don't bother blocking ads, they simply don't care. Mark Curtis Yeah gimme free entertainment, but YOU foot the bill! David The internet was in fact a much *worse* place before ads became a thing. All the nice stuff you have access to now only exists because of ad revenue (email, YouTube, any and all social networking platforms) Toys Samurai He reminds me of some people whom I know -- always say they hate ads and would rather pay for it. But when the content provider actually asks for money, they don't open up their wallets. Jorgen Phillips This is the most hippocritical thing I think I have ever read. Toys Samurai Exactly. This very site he's reading would not even exist if everyone blocks ads. David That's not true, they could just use a different monetization model. Nathan J Hypocritical. You may be thinking of the hippocratic oath, where the famous phrase "do no harm" comes from. If only ads would pledge to do no harm... abc You can pay for it and I'll coast for free. Ha ha, I'm a dick! Nathan J There already is. That's what we have now. I mean, we have the no ad blocker option, which is default. Then you have Adblock Plus's default setting, which whitelists ads ABP considers to be not malicious. And that's what Google is doing. Then you have ABP with that feature turned off, or something like uBlock Origin, that just blocks all the ads indiscriminately. This is a future measure that is designed to be more tolerant than current "all or nothing" solutions, plus Google is an advertising business. So, there probably won't be. Eddy Nelson Lopez They profit from it, why would they do it? 😂😂 Corbin Davenport They won't profit from it if a majority of users have an ad blocker. Which is where things are headed right now. exadeci They can blocks ads from everyone except theirs and having the most popular browser they can sell the exclusivity to other ad agencies. Corbin Davenport "In the post, Google confirmed that Chrome will soon not show ads, including those served by Google, on websites not in compliance with the Better Ads Standards." exadeci Couldn't they just prevent bad ads on their platform?! Imparus The problem is how you serve them to the user. If you create a popup filled with Google ads, it would be bad ads even thought they are Google approved ads. exadeci Right but if they can detect it in Chrome why can't they use this to disable the ads on the website that abuses it? Sonny Bono I'm guessing it's a preventative measure, seeing how many people get virused through some popup ads that they don't realize are a pathway to malicious software. We certainly don't want another epidemic of ransomware. I find most of my service calls go to elderly people who have no idea what they're doing and get tons of malware/ransomware. One old lady I was working with a few weeks ago actually "called microsoft" per the directions on her browser and gave them her credit card number. It wasn't really microsoft. abqnm As long as it takes care of the shady JavaScript click event pop-unders and other such js deceptive ad techniques which are generally not able to be caught by ad-blockers. I would really love to be able to go back to having JavaScript enabled and blacklist only certain sites rather than have to keep it disabled and whitelist the majority of my internet experience. TW Does this mean my phone won't connect constantly start vibrating because of ads on legitimate sites? raazman I'm sorry you have to experience this is this day and age. AintaDamnThingFunny This!! I've always wondered how those got through Chrome's security. I mean, it's an obtrusive add that makes your phone vibrate, and all you can do is close out the browser. How the hell do those get through and how has Google not stopped this from happening? Imparus Because a website can access the vibrator API, this is useful in the example of facebook, where you can activate notification for the site, and not having to use their shitty app. TW Now I know what to call the thing I hate: Vibrator API Total Insecurity For some reason female users like this API... BRO i prefer my phone silent, no notification sound or vibration, as i mostly use my pc with pushbullet mirroring My1 what the hell, how about they just pop a notif and let the phone do the rest? Imparus Okay so it was a bad example with facebook, since it is the notification API they are using not the vibration one, which means it follows the same rules as other applications. I should just have said a game might use it, but at the moment it is mainly used for BS ads. My1 okay, but I see no point in point in using the vibration on a website anyway. Imparus PWA, I mentioned game, since PWA is one of the new thing that is very likely to become huge in the next few years. Here you can try some few application made in it https://pwa.rocks/ so it is more that you should be ready for a paradigm change in what a website is, since the line between webapp and normal app will almost disappear. Example I use the QR scanner, so I don't have to have a dedicated app for it. My1 well honestly I think the PWA stuff is taking it too far, especially games, I mean dont they run better when compiled and optimized for an OS? also websites are supposed to work on any device that has a more or less modern browser and when games need for example multitouch, that thing is not really funny on a device without touch, since I cant summon a second mouse arrow. and when websites are starting to lose the point of working pretty much everywhere and becoming a gimmick it's starting to get stupid. especially if you have a bad internet connection these PWAs arent as great as when you just have your application. with the browser opening more and more, it's seriously going to risk opening itself to viruses and stuff Imparus I unfortunately don't have the time at the moment to explain all of these to you, so this will be quick rundown, and the rest you will have to research yourself if you are interested in it. "well honestly I think the PWA stuff is taking it too far, especially games, I mean dont they run better when compiled and optimized for an OS? " For most stuff it isn't a problem at all, as for game if they are simple enough optimization isn't as relevant. Most game would be written for an engine like unity or unreal, and one of the new thing in relation to PWA are modules, that will allow the use of engine like that, it also allow webapps to work completely offline. There will of course be some apps that are very heavy in computation on device that will make sense to run with native code that can run better, but there are being worked on optimizing things such as JS to make it run faster. "also websites are supposed to work on any device that has a more or less modern browser and when games need for example multitouch, that thing is not really funny on a device without touch, since I cant summon a second mouse arrow." You can have the browser serve different code depending on the device, that actually isn't anything new. "and when websites are starting to lose the point of working pretty much everywhere and becoming a gimmick it's starting to get stupid. " PWA actually allow apps to work everywhere, instead of just the OS you coded it to. Having one single code base would be great for pretty much every company. "especially if you have a bad internet connection these PWAs arent as great as when you just have your application." You can easily code for it to work offline, take the QR scanner on the side I linked you, I don't need internet to use it at all. Think of PWA like normal apps, if you use twitter then try using the PWA they have created. "with the browser opening more and more, it's seriously going to risk opening itself to viruses and stuff" Not really, this is one of the thing I will say you need to research yourself, since it will be quite a long explanation, I would start by looking into why chromeOS is more secure than Windows. I said there will be a huge grow with PWA over the next few years, since it is still very early in its development, only Firefox and Chrome support it at the moment and Edge will bring support in fall. AintaDamnThingFunny Right, but websites always ask me for permission if I want their notifications. Facebook using the vibrator API with your permission is one thing. Having an obtrusive add use it without your permission is another. Imparus That is because a website don't need to ask for permission, so it is more that Google should make it a permission check before allowing to use the vibration. Santos Chavez OMG I hate those types of ads! Especially when the ads that popup are so obstrusive I can't do anything but exit Chrome. Ugh! Rob Yeah, but some people love the vibrator API. hooch Holy shit I didn't even know this was a thing. Been using Firefox + uBlock Origin for a couple of years. blindexecutioner Doesn't affect me much. I already block ads. Nathan J It's not meant to affect you or I or anyone else who knows what uBlock Origin is. Google Chrome is the most popular browser, so I imagine what it will affect is the 60% or however many people use Chrome, and all of a sudden they're blocking malicious ads. That will affect a lot. I suspect for you and I, we will probably be able to just disable Google's solution and use our own, and if Google blocks other ad blockers, there's always Chromium. AS The biggest annoyances for me are subscribe popovers and EU cookie warnings. Things like taboola and outbrain need to be aggressively blocked. My1 cookie warning are annoying but it shows the scary relatity of all the sites that collect data with cookies. Lateef Alabi-Oki I'll disable my ad blocker if this gets rid of malicious and egregious ads. Nexus Hexus I'm sure most of these "Bad ads" will be alternative media. Or aka "Whatever we don't agree with" boop It's not content that's blocked, but format. Sonny Bono Ironically, all the ads that I find bothersome are on google services themselves, such as YouTube, but I have a Chrome extension (ublock origin) that works to get rid of them. Santos Chavez I enjoy YouTube so much, I pay for YouTube Red, via the Google Play Music Family Plan . Haven't seen an ad, especially on mobile. for months, and I get unlimited music streaming and downloading, all of those features shared to 5 other users. Pretty neat. Sonny Bono If they throw in free movies with the service I'd be down. I can already get anything I want on demand for no cost. I just appreciate watching random videos and I never know what I'm in the mood for. I'll just keep riding the links down the chain, bar tricks, gun porn, rocket engines, science experiments, old computers, animals and hunting videos... whatever it might be. ublock origin fixes the problem with ads - they don't exist any more - but not with popup windows on some questionable websites. abc Good for you. I use an adblocker and don't see any ads on Youtube. And I don't feel bad taking cents away from a multi-billion dollar corporation. I will never pay for streaming services because I like to own things. I could pay Netflix hundreds of dollars over the course of years, and the moment I disconnect, I am left with zero movies. I'd much rather grab some discs from the bargain bin. Gary But do they block those annoying as hell forced Google surveys? Adam Margeson Forced Google surveys? Where are you seeing those served up? And, are you sure they're legitimately from Google? Lord Argyris "...Google confirmed that Chrome will soon not show ads, including those served by Google, on websites not in compliance with the Better Ads Standards." I'm going to guess they're including their own ads here to avoid anticompetitive suits from competing ad providers. If they just blocked the other ads and left their own (presumably compliant ads), they would be gaining an unfair advantage and could be seen to be leveraging their strength in the browser market to incentivize use of their own ad platform. I wondered about this in my comment on the previous AP article on the subject, and it seems Google has considered the matter as well. Santos Chavez Yeah, it's kinda neat; by doing it that way Google avoids all sorts of blames of being hypocrites while also setting the example for everyone. "THIS", they say, "is how ads should be done. Look, we're even doing them to our own; you should, too". Terra Remove the ads that play before a video and we got a deal. Small banners below the video? Ok. Playing a commercial before the content I actually want to see? That is old tv bullcrap and is annoying as hell, even more so than popups. Dennis Ulijn "But, but, but... Terra: how would you solve this on Chromecast, etc.?" tigerberry Playing a commercial WHILE PLAYING THE DAMN VIDEO I'M ACTUALLY WATCHING? Whoever came up with that should be forced to never use an adblocker ever again. Cakefish Wonderful. Please also add extension support to Android Chrome (it's the number 1 feature that it's missing, desktop Chrome wouldn't have been as popular without it) but this is a good start. Ghirahim Install Opera and have a wonderful life. Jun rip pornhub ads Rod I wonder when they will fix the Notification Download Service bug in v58. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641# Rob Thank goodness. Somehow, we went from doing away with auto-play videos and ads years ago, only to have them pop up a lot in recent months. I'm sick of them. BC Google is finally making a move that I truly approve of. Ads, especially the invasive ones have really taken over. I don't care about banner ads that I see just once or ads on the side. The ones that infuriate me the most are those that obscure content, automatically play loud sounds/videos. Those that try to trick the user into installing something they don't obviously need, need to die in a fire. It's why I've installed Ghostery and use Mercury Reader to banish that bullshit to the depths of the internet hell. I'm also pleased that Google is being smart about this and blocking all invasive content...Even if it comes directly from their company because they need to be impartial and control these insanely bad adverts. Forcing a standard will hopefully make the internet a cleaner place, one that can support the advert model without being deliberately invasive or deceptive. Dragos Lucian The only thing that makes me use an adblocker on a lot of websites, is because, more often than not, you don't even need to click on the ads to be presented with a buttload of new tabs or individual pages. You just need to click on a blank area and boom ! You can barely make your way back to the page you initially were. If those type of ads go away, then I'll make sure to uninstall my adblocker. Till then, fuck everyone who posts those type of ads on their websites in order to gain revenue. Make your money off selling socks. Abhishek Mittal Does this mean my phone wont start buzzing and downloading unwanted apps without my permission? This is huge, a great step by google in improving quality of the internet Spinkick Does it bother anyone that google is the one that decides which ads are bad? abc Google means that they are going to block their competitors ads and only allow their own. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.425s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Store officially launches in Puerto Rico, Pixel and other products available for purchase Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/31 4:35pm PDTMay 31, 2017 23 Plus 1 on G+ 105 Share on Facebook 57 Share on Twitter Total Shares185 Google News Puerto Rico, despite being a territory of the United States, is often treated as a separate country by businesses. Puerto Rican residents could order from the US Google Store, but now Google has created a seperate Store just for the island itself. The Google Store country picker, which lists all of the countries with their own Store, has been updated to include Puerto Rico. In addition, the support document listing product availability by country has been updated with mentions of the island. Currently, only the Google Pixel, Daydream View, Samsung Chromebook Plus, and various accessories are available for purchase. Still, at least Puerto Rico residents can now buy an unlocked Pixel straight from Google. You can view the island's Google Store at the source link below. Source: Google Store Tags Google google store online puerto rico store subscribe ... Previous Story ASUS has updated the Chromebook Flip with a new processor and USB Type-C ... Next Story Unlocked Galaxy S8/S8+ now available in the United States Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Josue Rivera It was never really blocked, if you used a local ISP it error out, but use a mobile provider like T-Mobile or AT&T and worked fine. I ordered my Nexus 4 and a Pixel C from google store. And I obviously live in Puerto Rico. Frisi Just put United States in the billing address and you're good to go. ;) Christian Camacho My account always had access to Google Devices and I live in PR. I've been ordering from the Google Store since the Nexus 4. I'm confused. Frisi This is for those who put Puerto Rico as country instead of United States. I always put my address to United States as country, since we're part of the US. If I put Puerto Rico it even locks me out of the Play Store (except for apps and games). Frisi It has always worked. Since we're part of the United States, we could put US as country and have access to Google's entire hardware catalogue. I have ordered the Pixel, Nexus 5X, Chromecast, Chromebooks, cases, etc. Same applies with Google Play itself. If you put US as country, Movies, Music, and Books works. If you put just Puerto Rico as country then you're locked out from the aforementioned services. Artem Russakovskii That is mind-bogglingly dumb, especially since https://support.google.com/store/answer/2462844 now provides specific exclusions for Puerto Rico for most products. Frisi I don't even know. I know I have been redirected to the Puerto Rico section for weeks now. Possibly a month or so. All I do is change back to the US and order normally. I haven't had any issues at all. Products work here fine (Pixel, Assistant, Home, Chromecast) even with local services. Louis Fuller I work from comfort and ease of my property or home, by doing simplistic gigs that only require from you a Desktop computer system and internet access and I am just joyful than before... After six months with this project and therefore managed to get paid out totally Thirty six Thousand usd... Basically I earn roughly eighty bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hrs each day.And brilliant factor concerning this job is the fact that you can also control your time whenever you get the job done and for just how long as you may prefer and you achieve a paycheck week by week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Josue Rivera Well according to that page chromecast is not available in PR, yet I own one that I purchased through Google on the last black friday sale they had with HBO streaming service. Same deal as Frisi said I use the US store and in address use US (which isn't wrong as we are a territory that depends on USPS anyways) lol. So now we have "official" store with half the products locked out... Artem Russakovskii ¯_(ツ)_/¯ MJ Great, now that Puerto Rico has access to the Play store next thing you know they will want to be US citizens. Frisi We *are* US citizens... MJ Shhhhh... Most people in the US don't know that. Tom Westrick They already are US citizens MJ I guess should have ended my comment with /joke. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ 'murica https://img.memecdn.com/meanwhile-in-amp-039-murica_o_2483621.jpg Arnaldo Rodriguez Wait what ? I have been able to buy products from the Store since Nexus 5. Enriquetaafenn Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dt161c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dt161c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs451ShopFaceGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dt161c:....,.... defbsce One thing to note, even if you put US as country, extended warranties didn't apply when you bought devices, happened to my kid brothers N5X, after a couple of months they called me to reimburse the costs. Guess what happened about 1 month after that happened? BOOTLOOP! I hope that has now changed. Can anyone verify? Not changing my N6p anytime soon but I will eventually. Pixel 3? Well not I live in the capital of Latin America ehem SouthFlo but yeah. xD I go back to HTC G2, Galaxy Nexus from tmo & Claro but once N4 came out I bought one for me, wife and kid bro. Roh_Mish Why is even PR being treated as a different country. Hell even geographically they are closer than Hawaii. Toys Samurai Nope. The truth is: Despacito This is how we do it down in Puerto Rico Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 111 queries | 0.343s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 05, 12:57 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google Will Bring Ad Blocking Features To Chrome Browser By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 06/01/17 AT 7:37 PM Close Ads have long been a necessary part of web browsing, but it’s only been in recent years that users have fought back against ads they’ve found distracting. Soon, they’ll also have a notable company in their corner: Google. In a post Thursday, Google confirmed it will begin to integrate its own ad blocking features into its Chrome browser starting in early 2018. Google plans to follow existing standards set up by the Coalition for Better Ads, an industry group of online advertisers, to determine which ads to block. Read: Google Reportedly Planning To Put Native Ad-Blocking Feature In Chrome Ads that the Coalition for Better Ads considers problematic include pop-ups, full-screen ads and auto-playing videos. Google’s announcement said the move to start actively supporting smarter ad blocking came from the way most users experience sites today. “The reality is, it’s far too common that people encounter annoying, intrusive ads on the web — like the kind that blare music unexpectedly, or force you to wait 10 seconds before you can see the content on the page,” Google said. “These frustrating experiences can lead some people to block all ads — taking a big toll on the content creators, journalists, web developers and videographers who depend on ads to fund their content creation.” Publishers will be able to audit their sites through Google’s Ad Experience Report tool to determine what ads would violate its new standards and learn about ad formats that would follow new guidelines. Google also plans to pair its ad filtering tools with other support features. The company is currently testing a whitelisting feature called Funding Choices with several publishers. Through the feature, publishers can show a message to readers who have enabled a third-party ad blocker encouraging them to either enable ads or pay a small fee to go ad-free. CNBC reported Google will take an estimated 10 percent of payments made through Funding Choices. Google’s move reflects a shifting attitude among readers, publishers and advertisers toward online advertising. While ads have been a major way for publishers to earn income to fund their sites, readers have become increasingly opposed to ads they find disruptive. Read: Best Chrome Extensions To Help You At Work, Keep Organized In the past, users have simply had to bear with advertising but with tools like ad blockers and video filtering, users can now block and disable ads that they find distracting. As a response, publishers have increasingly turned to appeals to readers about the effect ad blockers have on their bottom line and offered alternatives like ad-free micropayment passes. Google’s willingness to take on ad blocking services means publishers can outsource this work directly to another company. Third-party extensions like Adblock have filled in the gap for many users, but on Google’s end, they likely want to bring such functionality in-house. In April, Google was rumored to be looking into bringing ad blocking to Chrome. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Flaw In Google Chrome Allows Secret Recording Of Audio And Video Google Will Mark Any HTTP Pages That Record User Data As 'Not Secure' Recommended Business Chevy's Bolt Is Being Beaten To A Pulp By Tesla's Model 3 The Chevy Bolt is the little engine that couldn't live up to anticipation from GM. Elon Musk's Tesla Model 3 is beating it into oblivion. Technology Happy But Depressed? You May Have Smiling Depression Smiling depression is characterized by appearing happy on the outside, and keeping the pain on the inside. World Photo Of Canadian Man Casually Mowing Lawn With Tornado Behind Him Goes Viral The tornado in Alberta, Canada, resulted in damage to property but caused no causalities. Alberta generally experiences about 15 tornadoes every year, typically between the months of April and September. National Breitbart News Reporter Tweets Racist Remarks After London Attack Katie McHugh, a Breitbart reporter, blamed Muslim population of London for attacks that took place Saturday. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
X Close Nation Home > News > Nation < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 2 June 2017 Doodle 4 Google art competition returns Best of the best: (From left) Head of Marketing at Google Malaysia Jon Day, Head of Google For Education Malaysia Rahayu Ramli and Sajith showing their favourite local doodles. PETALING JAYA: The Doodle 4 Google Malaysia art competition is back after three years. Google Malaysia, Vietnam, the Philippines and New Emerging Markets managing director Sajith Sivanandan announced its comeback in conjunction with Malaysia’s 60th National Day. “The theme for this year’s competition is Celebrating Malaysia’s Diversity, and we are inviting children age seven to 17 to show their creativity and stand a chance for their creation to be viewed by potentially 24 million people in Malaysia,” he told a press conference at the Google Malaysia headquarters here yesterday. “We hope to see doodles that best represent Malaysia’s diversity and most importantly, we are also looking for imagination and creativity,” he added. The competition is divided into four age groups: seven to nine, 10-12, 13-15 and 16-17. The winners in each group will be assessed by the Doodlers team at Google headquarters in Mountain View, California, to decide on the final doodle that will be used on the Google homepage on Malaysia Day, Sept 16. The previous Doodle 4 Google winner was Lee Yee Run, whose doodle beautifully depicted the theme Malaysia To Me Is ... with his sketch of the country’s tourist attractions patterned around the Google name. His sketch was displayed on the Google homepage on Sept 16, 2014. Google Doodles are thematic changes made to the Google logo and typically done to celebrate special occasions, cultural moments, and the lives of pioneers, scientists, musicians and artists who have helped shape history. Notable Malaysians who received the Google Doodle treatment in the past include P. Ramlee, Yasmin Ahmad, Mokhtar Dahari and Sybil Kathigasu. The closing date for entries is July 31. More information on the competition can be found at https://events.withgoogle.com/d4gmy/ Tags / Keywords: Youth , Science Technology , google , doodle 4 google malaysia Related Stories Related Stories Microsoft: M’sia can be key cybersecurity player App to verify halal products Big data to better serve the people The harsh, cold turkey of going offline No ‘off’ button You May Be Interested Wee: Students in public varsities enjoy subsidised course fees The need to educate investors on ponzi and pyramid scheme Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish 5 superpowers every mum has 6 beautiful cities to add to your bucket list How to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Others Also Read After London attack, Facebook says aims to be hostile environment for terrorists Fed Cup squabble overshadows home fans' joy Most sticking with London travel plans advertisement Latest News As Russia probe grinds on, Trump struggles to gain traction on agenda At least 22 die in north India bus crash Five suspected drug traffickers nabbed in Perak Philippines’ Duterte faces martial law legal challenge U.S. Secretary of State Tillerson says China needs to step on North Korea Most Viewed in News Girl gang-raped after following boyfriend for supper Thai woman details her alleged killing and dismemberment of friend Middle East countries cut off ties with Qatar, cites terrorism Man who criticised dead traffic police officer on Facebook arrested for shoplifting Saudi Arabia cuts ties to Qatar, cites 'terrorism' Man hits wife who scolded him for driving fast Sad role reversal for elderly mother Egypt cuts ties with Qatar, cites support for 'terrorist' groups Businessman found dead with gunshot wounds on neck Liow backs IGP’s move to blacklist Grace Lam Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Google Mobile Andy Rubin’s Essential is looking into smart glasses with built-in camera New, 10 comments New patent filing shows a Google Glass successor by Nick Statt@nickstatt Jun 1, 2017, 7:17pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Photo by Asa Mathat / Recode Essential, the new hardware outfit from Android co-founder Andy Rubin, may branch out from phones and smart home accessories into Google Glass-like smart frames. An old patent filing, dug up by the folks at Patently Apple and granted prior to its big phone reveal this week, show a concept device shaped like a standard pair of eyeglasses, but with camera and display hardware built in. Much like Snapchat’s Spectacles, this theoretical Essential device would be used to capture eye-level photo and video with a built-in camera. However it would go further, more in the vein of Google’s ill-fated Glass headset, by adding digital information and images to real life scenes with some type of augmented reality tech. The filing describes the device working with prescription lenses, photo sensitive lenses, and standard sunglass lenses. There is also talk of a “dual-mode display,” which would present visual overlays and use an inward facing camera to perform eye tracking. Photo: Patently Apple The patent also describes AR use cases like real-time price matching of products in a store. “Based on the environment that the user sees, and based on the direction of the user's gaze, the processor can display an image to augment the environment around the user,” the filing reads. “For example, if the user is looking at a barcode of an item, the processor can display cheaper purchasing options of the same item." This is of course not a real product, at least not yet. Though from what we’ve seen from Essential, which starts shipping its new Essential Phone later this month or early July, it’s clear the company has serious hardware ambitions to take on the biggest players in the tech industry. We don’t know quite yet whether the Essential Phone can keep pace with the iPhone or its fellow top-tier Android competitors, nor do we know if the company’s Essential Home will be a viable smart speaker compared with offerings from Google and Amazon. But if Essential can arrive early to the smart glasses market, it could just gain an early edge in a sector not yet dominated by a big Silicon Valley player. In this Storystream All the Essential Phone news Andy Rubin’s Essential is looking into smart glasses with built-in camera Andy Rubin says Essential’s Ambient OS will be open source, just like Android View all 10 stories Next Up In Tech Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? X Prize assembled a supergroup of sci-fi authors to develop its next competitions New deals on the Sonos Play:1, Amazon Echo, and more of the week’s best tech sales Now Trending Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread Details on the iPhone 8, AR Glasses, Siri Speaker, MacBook and more Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? Or any celeb photos? Rolls-Royce custom-built this gorgeous coupe for a mystery millionaire Redefining the dream car Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 8. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology by Rich McCormick 4 comments / new Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread by Andrew Liptak 53 comments / new No, your sunscreen isn't going to kill you by Miriam Nielsen and Kimberly Mas 6 comments / new Wonder Woman has come a long way since this failed 1967 screen test by Kwame Opam 3 comments / new UK prime minister Theresa May calls for internet regulations following London attacks by Andrew Liptak 21 comments / new After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious by Andrew Liptak 4 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Chrome will have a built-in ad-blocker starting in early 2018 Brittany A. Roston - Jun 1, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Back in April, we reported on sources that claimed Google was going to bake an ad-blocker directly into its Chrome browser, something that would block advertisements deemed to be intrusive and/or disruptive for visitors. Google has confirmed that report today, shedding light on a crucial detail that was missing the first time around: Chrome will block all advertisements on a website that doesn’t adhere to Better Ads Standards. Ad-blocking software has become increasingly popular, much to the detriment of online publications that rely on advertisement revenue. These ad-blockers are utilized due to obnoxious, intrusive, or otherwise bothersome ads that some websites splash across every page, forcing visitors to wait a certain amount of time before they can visit the page, to hunt for and mute a random video ad that starts playing, and more. Google detailed this reality recently in a long post, explaining that some Internet users block all advertisements in an effort to avoid the most annoying ads…and that harms content producers who have to figure out new ways to overcome the lost revenue. Here to help everyone, then, is a more selective ad-blocking process, one that will start next year. According to Google, Chrome will begin blocking all the advertisements on websites that fail to adhere to Better Ads Standards…including its own ads. This process will begin sometime in early 2018, and will hopefully mark the perfect compromise between all and no ads: Web users won’t have to deal with problematic advertisement practices, and publishers, in return, won’t have all of their advertisements blocked across the board. SOURCE: Google Story Timeline Chrome is coming to Daydream later this year Samsung Chromebook Pro launch date confirmed, Nougat expected Chromecast support arrives on Gear VR Tags advertisementsChromegoogleInternetwebweb browser Must Read Bits & Bytes Apple’s roadmap allegedly leaked: iPhone 8, Glasses, 2018 MacBook, more Coinbase tipped at $1b valuation as demand for cryptocurrency soars Why DigiByte’s price is soaring: $DGB, Minecraft, Memes, and Citibank Rooting Android phones is no longer cool, it’s a liability Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Latest Headlines Sony tees off first mobile game in Japan Jun 4, 2017 OnePlus 2 will no longer receive updates Jun 4, 2017 SpaceX lands 11th rocket following first launch of reused Dragon capsule Jun 4, 2017 Del.icio.us link-sharing site shuts down after Pinboard acquisition Jun 4, 2017 Essential hit with trademark dispute from Spigen Jun 4, 2017 Latest Reviews HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land New launch Google Attribution hopes to kick last-click attribution to the curb Inside Program Two social media heavyweights show us Amazon Influencers Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Display Advertising Get the most important digital marketing news each day. Report: Google’s Chrome ad blocker coming to both PC and mobile ‘within 6 months’ Ads on sites that don't follow Coalition for Better Ads guidelines will be blocked. Greg Sterling on June 1, 2017 at 6:50 pm More In April, The Wall Street Journal reported that Google was going to introduce an ad blocker into Chrome. On Thursday, the publication confirmed the earlier report and said Google has put publishers on notice that the ad blocker is coming within six months to give them time to prepare. Chrome’s ad blocker will reportedly be turned on by default on both desktop and mobile web versions. The move appears to be a strong-arm tactic to improve the quality and performance of ads across the web. According to the Journal’s report, Google will inform publishers of poor ad experiences on their sites and instructions on how to fix any issues: To help publishers prepare, Google will provide a self-service tool called “Ad Experience Reports,” which will alert them to offending ads on their sites and explain how to fix the issues. The tool will be provided before the Chrome ad blocker goes live, the people familiar with the plans say . . . Unacceptable ad types include those identified by the Coalition for Better Ads… Think of it as an ad quality score for publishers. The report says that Chrome will block all advertising on sites that cross some threshold of unacceptable advertising. Prohibited ad types are those laid out by the Coalition for Better Ads, of which Google is a member. The following graphic reflects the Coalition’s list of unacceptable units for mobile devices. Non-compliant publishers will see ads on their sites blocked and revenues adversely impacted. While this is clearly a self-interested move on Google’s part, it’s also a move that could improve the overall state of digital advertising and lead to less consumer antagonism toward online ads. Ad blocking is a growing problem, with varying levels of blocking going on around the world. A recent report from AdBlock Plus found that 40 percent of PC owners in the US said they had used an ad blocker in the past month. That compares with 15 percent for mobile users. This translates into billions of dollars in lost impressions and clicks. Google’s initiative could preempt the use of third-party ad-blocking software. Assuming it comes to pass, the move will undoubtedly upset some publishers and could even trigger litigation. Chrome is the world’s most widely used browser, with 48 percent market share in North America and 54 percent globally. About The Author Greg Sterling Greg Sterling is a Contributing Editor at Search Engine Land. He writes a personal blog, Screenwerk, about connecting the dots between digital media and real-world consumer behavior. He is also VP of Strategy and Insights for the Local Search Association. Follow him on Twitter or find him at Google+. Popular Stories Google confirms it will start blocking ‘annoying’ ads on Chrome next year 3 reasons why customer identity should top retailers’ 2017 holiday wish lists Instagram ads can now link to brands’ Messenger accounts, bots Journey analytics: The GPS for understanding your customers Related Topics Channel: Display AdvertisingDisplay AdvertisingDisplay Advertising: Ad BlockingGoogleMobile Marketing Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers 9 Pitfalls to Scaling Enterprise Content and How to Avoid Them 5 Ways to Fail at Marketing to Tech Users The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Ratehacker: June's Best Credit Card, Savings Account And Home Loan Deals Dealhacker: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299, Includes 2 Free Games Ebay Australia's Biggest Sale Ever Is On Now Hump Day Deals: Cheap Sony TVs, EOFY Tech Sale, Half-Price Snow Gear Home Prepare For Extreme Weather With These Emergency Essentials [Infographic] 5 Useful Things To Do With Your Microwave How To Build A Smart Home That Works How To Revive Dead Flowers Entertainment 8 Classic Games Actually Worth Playing On Your Phone Facebook Really Wants You To Say 'Hello' To Your Friends Find The Perfect Soundtrack For Any Book Deals: Get This VPN For 90% Off Travel This Crash Between A 2015 And A 1998 Toyota Corolla Shows How Far Car Safety Has Come Ask LH: Are Drones Being Banned In Australia? Travel Hacker: Use The Qantas App To Find Hotels, Adventures, Cars And Great Offers The Complete Guide To Fixing Your Car's Paintjob Health Is Alkaline Water Just A Way Of Making Expensive Pee? The Benefits And Risks Of Lucid Dreaming Nike-Funded Study Shows Compression Tights Are Basically Useless What To Worry About This Week: Phones, Caffeine And Meditation Design Need Selfie Tips? Ask A Neural Network With This App, You Can Finally Trust Photos Again  Sketchar Is An Augmented-Reality App For Wannabe Graffiti Artists How To Upgrade Your Computer's Login Screen Work Productivity Stop Chrome Crippling Your PC On Restart With Native Lazy Tabs The Best Stuff To Do On The Google Homepage (That Isn't Googling) Why It's Worth Paying For An Office Instead Of Working From Home I'm Eric O'Neill, Former Counterterrorism Operative, And This Is How I Work  Communicate Optus To Refund Prepaid Customers After Secretly Cutting Their Data Inclusions Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia How The Promise Of The NBN Fell Short For So Many Australians How To Abandon iOS And Switch To Android Organise Seven Phone Recycling Tips For World Environment Day Last Week's 10 Biggest Posts Export Your Bookmarks From Delicious To Pinboard (Or Anywhere Else) The Best Online Videos Of The Week Career How To Clean Up Your Social Media Presence How To Maintain Your Skills During A Career Hiatus Are Robots Going To Steal Your Job? The Best Way To Follow Up After A Job Interview Business Travel US Visa Applications Now 'Request' Social Media Information Lounge Hacker: Ten Airport Lounges You Need To Experience At Least Once Uber Price Hike: Here's How Much More You'll Pay In Each Australian City Travel Alert: Massive Flight Delays At Sydney Airport Security Experts Speak: How Trump's Paris Accord Exit Hurts Us All Ask LH: Am I Allowed To Booby Trap My Thumb Drive? How To Snoop-Proof Any Phone Or Tablet Twitter Changed Their Privacy Policy, So Update Your Settings Small Business & Startups How I Succeeded: GO1.com's Andrew Barnes Five One-Hour Routines That Will Improve Your Life As A Freelancer Australian Small Business Tax Calendar: Key Dates For 2016/2017 The Deceptively Simple Workspace IT Pro Cloud OpenStack Foundation Says We Are At A Cloud Tipping Point Outlook Email Down: Hope You Can Still Get To MySpace Microsoft To Use DNA To Store Data In The Cloud Microsoft Reduces Azure Pricing IT Career How To Deal With Weird Job Interview Questions I'm Calling BS On The IT Skills Shortage Intel Australia Looking For A New Boss ACS Report Finds ICT Benefits Under Threat IT Security Trello Scrambles To Rescue Users Who Foolishly Used Its Service To Store Passwords Roundup: The Best iOS VPN Solutions OneLogin Data Breach May Have Revealed Encrypted Data Have You Been Impacted By The OneLogin Breach? Developer Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off .NET Standard 2.0, Summarised In A Giant Microsoft Poster AlphaGo Just Trounced Humanity's Last Hope Grab 36 Free O'Reilly Programming eBooks Covering Python, Java And C++ Deployment How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains Microsoft Teases Windows 10 Pro For Advanced PCs What We Can Learn From The Failure Of Windows Vista Retailers Are Already Feeling The Amazon Pinch Servers Get 12 Linux And Open Source eBooks For $US15 In Humble's Book Bundle Companies Are Creating So Much Data, It Has To Be Shipped In Trucks Synology Boosts VM Support With New Virtual Machine Manager Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers Seven Phone Recycling Tips For World Environment Day How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off How To Turn Your Old Android Into A Google Pixel Clone Eric Ravenscraft Jun 2, 2017, 9:00am ⋅ Filed to:  editor's picks google google pixel pixel Share Eight months on, and Google Pixel is still one of the best Android smartphones on the market. This is in large part due to innovative software features like Assistant and inbuilt unlimited cloud storage for photos and video. If you're still using an older handset, you can get most of the Pixel's big, best features with a few clever tweaks. Install Google Assistant on Your Current Phone Google Assistant is the headlining feature of the Pixel range. You can also use it on the Google Home speaker and Google's messaging app Allo. It really shines on a phone where it can scan what you're reading to find contextually-relevant information, give you a daily briefing on your way to work and take down reminders or find things around you. So, it's a little weird that Google locked it to a single phone. Fortunately, if you're comfortable with the rooting your phone or flashing .zips, you can get it on any phone running Marshmallow or higher. We've put together an in-depth guide here that walks you through the steps. The technique involves tricking your device into identifying as a Pixel XL instead of whichever model you have. Fortunately, this shouldn't affect day-to-day usage of your device. It's unclear if Google will continue to allow this workaround for long, but for now you can enjoy Assistant without having to get a whole new phone. Roll Your Own Unlimited Photo and Video Storage When Pixel launched, it was priced at a relatively expensive $1079. It's since fallen in price but will still set you back well over $800. To soothe that wound in your wallet, Google throws in free, unlimited, full-size photo storage for life for any photos you take with your Pixel, unlike the resolution-clipped unlimited storage you can already get with Google Photos. That's a pretty huge deal, since most photo backup services have some pretty big caveats. If you don't mind making a couple sacrifices, though, you can roll your own nearly unlimited photo storage. Here are some of the most popular cloud services, and how you can put them to use, no new phone required: Google Photos: Even if you don't buy a Pixel, Google will let you upload an unlimited amount of photos and videos with just one catch: They have to be less than 16 megapixels for photos or 1080p for videos. For most people, that's probably good enough, though you may want to be able to record video in 4K, even if you don't have a 4K TV. Flickr: With Flickr, you can save up to 1TB of photos and videos at their full resolution. 1TB isn't a lot, but it's a handy backup if you're hitting the limit on the other two. Dropbox: Nearly everyone has a Dropbox account already, so you may as well use it to backup your photos. Dropbox can automatically upload any photo or video to your account, regardless of its size. Your space can be fairly limited, but fortunately there are plenty of ways to get more. Between these three, you can probably backup just about anything. Your library will be a little disjointed, but you won't need to spring for a new phone just to back up everything you need. You can also use IFTTT to make it easier to manage multiple backup locations. IFTTT's Android channel can automatically upload photos you take to any cloud backup location. If you want to get more complex, you can use Tasker and IFTTT together to upload to a different service based on which folder you store pictures in. You can also build your own NAS storage to backup as many photos and videos as you have hard drive space for, instead of relying on another company to do it for you. Google's unlimited backup might be convenient, but it's far from your only option. Beef Up Your Photos and Shoot Better Video The camera on the Pixel is pretty impressive. Unfortunately, there's no app to change the hardware on your phone. Before you spend a ton of money on a new phone with a better camera, learn how to use the one you have first and unlock its best features. You can download the Google Camera app to get some of its coolest features like HDR or smart burst mode. While it's not compatible with every device, you can find APKs to install from APK Mirror here. If you want even more control over your photos or Google Camera doesn't work on your device, check out Camera ZOOM FX, one of our favourite camera alternatives for Android. It comes with a ton of advanced features like RAW support, burst shot modes and a ton of photo presets. It also has all of the tools to help you be a better photographer and learn how to compose and take better photos, no matter what camera you have — and sometimes that's what's important. You can even tweak the ISO, exposure, shutters speed and focus distance to get the perfect shot. Use Gestures and Quick Links to Make Your Home Screen More Useful In Android 7.1 you can long-press a shortcut on the home screen to find quick links to features within the app itself. For example, if you hold down the Google Maps icon, you can quickly navigate to home or work. This feature is being rolled out to everyone, but if your phone can't handle the OS update, try our favourite home screen replacement Nova Launcher Prime ($5.99). With this app installed, you can assign a shortcut to any icon on your home screen. We'll demonstrate by adding a navigation shortcut to Google Maps: If there isn't one already, add a Maps shortcut to your home screen. Long-press the app icon and tap Edit in the pop-up menu. Tap the "Swipe action" drop-down. Tap the Shortcuts tab along the top of the screen. Scroll down and tap Directions. Enter a destination address, like your home. Give it a name like "Navigate Home". Tap Save. Tap Done. Now, swipe up on the Maps icon on your home screen. This should immediately launch the Navigation feature of Google Maps with your home address already entered. This isn't quite the same as Android 7.1's feature, since you can only have one shortcut at a time. On the other hand, you get to customise it, instead of settling for whatever the developers decide to give you. Download Allo and Duo, Google's Messaging Apps If you visit the Pixel's store page, Google will tell you about apps like Allo and Duo, but they're far from Pixel exclusives. Allo, Google's intelligent messaging app, and Duo, its dead-simple 1-to-1 video chat app, are available on the Play Store for any compatible device. While Allo still needs some refinement, having Assistant built-in makes it a compelling alternative to other chat apps. Meanwhile, Duo is like a cross-platform Facetime, bringing easy video calls to both Android and iPhone users. Best of all, there's no need to buy a new phone just to try these out. Add a Reboot Button We're not sure why Google decided to wait until version 7.1 to bring back the reboot option to the Android power menu, but at least it's back. If your phone has yet to receive the 7.1 update, you can get it with Material Power Menu. This app works with or without root to give you a handy menu that lets you turn your phone off, reboot it or even boot into recovery or the bootloader. Without root, you can launch the app from a shortcut on your home screen, which is still pretty convenient. It will launch a simple screen with several power options available. If all you want is an easy way to reboot your phone, this is all you'll need. However, if you have root and Xposed, it will also automatically activate whenever you hold down your power button. It's a little thing, but if you constantly need to restart your phone, it can make a huge difference. WATCH MORE: Tech News & Life Hacks Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia Chris Jager 05 Jun 2017 12:15 PM Foxtel's legal crusade against online piracy has intensified, with the company applying to add 127 additional URLs to its proposed block list in Federal Court. The new sites under the ban hammer include YesMovies, Vumoo, LosMovies, CartoonHD, Project Free TV 1, Torlock and 1337x. Here is the full list. How The Promise Of The NBN Fell Short For So Many Australians Tooran Alizadeh 05 Jun 2017 11:15 AM Eight years into the Australian government’s National Broadband Network (NBN) project, the nation has an average internet speed – 50th in the global rankings – that lags well behind many advanced economy countries. Ongoing secrecy around the NBN, a project that’s likely to cost more than A$50 billion, makes it impossible for the public in most cases to know when and what quality service they will receive. Further, new research shows the NBN rollout was politically motivated and socioeconomically biased from the beginning. It is perhaps time to remind ourselves of the ups and downs of the project that was once announced as a dream national infrastructure project for the 21st century. This requires a ten-year journey back in time, before we can figure out what needs to be done next. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off Deals: Upgrade Your Shower Experience With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: Get This VPN For 90% Off Deals: Drive Around Safely With This Hands-Free Phone Mount Trending Articles 1 Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia 2 How The Promise Of The NBN Fell Short For So Many Australians 3 How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains Vodafone Is Taking Legal Action Over The ACCC's Domestic Roaming Decision Wind, Solar, Storage And Gas: The CSIRO Maps Out Australia's Energy Future Can't Be Sure, But I Think EB Games Is Having A Sale Optus Is Crediting Customers Shortchanged On Data Deals The Best Tekken 7 Characters For Beginners The Opera House Is Hosting A Two-Day Minecraft Event Look At This Sonic Statue Hotline Miami Cover Artist On His Distinct Visual Style, Music, And Beard This Crash Between A 2015 And A 1998 Toyota Corolla Shows How Far Car Safety Has Come Prepare For Extreme Weather With These Emergency Essentials [Infographic] Optus To Refund Prepaid Customers After Secretly Cutting Their Data Inclusions Ask LH: Are Drones Being Banned In Australia? Everything you need to know about the acclaimed female director behind 'Wonder Woman' Matt Moran is back in the Sydney pub where his cooking career began NAB is collaborating with an Israeli crowdfunding platform to offer startup investments The 6 shows Netflix has canceled, including the edgy sci-fi series 'Sense8' that was just cut after 2 seasons © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BRIEF-Google says it has joined the Coalition for Better Ads‍​ - blog Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu Jun 1, 2017 | 6:28pm EDT BRIEF-Google says it has joined the Coalition for Better Ads‍​ - blog June 1 Alphabet Inc * Google says it has joined the coalition for better ads‍​ - blog * Google - plan to have chrome stop showing ads on websites that are not compliant with the "better ads standards" starting in early 2018 * Google - with funding choices, now in beta, publishers can show customized message to visitors using ad blocker * Google-With funding choices, publishers can invite visitors to enable ads, or pay for pass that removes all ads on site through new google contributor Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2qLPwWl) Further company coverage: Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News Australia new vehicle sales rebound in May - VFACTS SYDNEY, June 5 Australian new vehicle sales rebounded in May to reach a record high for that month, a promising omen for consumer demand after a run of soft results. GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar dented by jobs miss, London attacks hurt sterling; stocks subdued * Dollar edges up from 7-month low after disappointing jobs report BRIEF-Herbalife Ltd expects Q2 adj. earnings in range of $0.95 to $1.15 per share * Herbalife says in May 90 percent of us sales were documented purchases by consumers, comprised of more than three million receipted retail transactions MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google’s Speech Recognition Is Reportedly As Accurate As Humans By Tyler Lee on 06/01/2017 15:50 PDT In order for voice assistant softwares to be good and useful, there are many things it needs to do, although we guess the most obvious is that it has to be able to listen to the user and understand what they are saying. If the user’s commands aren’t being picked up on, then there’s really not much point. It turns out that Google’s speech recognition efforts are chugging along just fine to the point where it is apparently at the same level as humans. This is according to Mary Meeker’s annual Internet Trends Report (via 9to5Google) where apparently Google’s machine-learning voice recognition system has achieved a 95% word accuracy rating for the English language. This is said to be the same threshold for human accuracy, which means that as far as recognizing words from users in English, Google’s speech recognition is pretty spot on. The report notes that Google has improved upon its efforts by nearly 20% since 2013, and all of this was previously touted by Google’s CEO Sundar Pichai during Google I/O 2017 where he noted that computers these days are getting better at understanding voice input. As 9to5Google points out, Google’s success at developing the technology has allowed them to create Google Home using just two microphones to pick up speech versus eight, and how it can support multiple users and recognize up to 6 of them at any given time. Filed in General. Read more about Google. Related Articles 2017-06-04 Google Will Enable Publishers To Charge Users With Ad Blockers 2017-06-02 Google And Wonder Woman Team Up To Teach Girls How To Code 2017-06-02 Google Beefs Up Gmail’s Security 2017-06-01 Chrome Will Start Blocking ‘Annoying’ Ads In 2018 2017-06-01 Android Pay Desktop Payments May Be Possible One Day Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Gboard v6.3 enables search suggestions in the Google app and widget for some Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/06/01 9:32am PDTJun 1, 2017 39 Plus 1 on G+ 77 Share on Facebook 43 Share on Twitter Total Shares159 Applications News Google dropped a new version of Gboard last night, which includes a number of cool improvements to search. Some people are reporting another interesting feature in the form of Google search suggestions int he Google app and widget. Not everyone seems to have this, though. On older versions of Gboard, the keyboard's suggestion bar disappears when doing a search. That's still what it looks like for myself and most other AP staff after the update to v6.3. However, we've heard from a not insignificant number of people who are seeing the suggestion bar. This appears when searching via the Google widget and within the Google app. It seems to work just like the suggestion bar elsewhere. Start typing, and the keyboard guesses what word you might want to use next based on your typing history and the power of Google's prediction engine. Just grab the new version of Gboard and open a search to see if you've got it. Download QR-Code Gboard - the Google Keyboard Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Thanks: Zachary Kew-Denniss, Kapil Adhikesavalu, and everyone else Tags app updates apps gboard Google search subscribe ... Previous Story Motorola reveals the Moto Z2 Play with a smaller 3,000mAh battery and new Moto Mods ... Next Story Epic Little War Game is the first new title in the series in three years, and it's out today Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Suicide_Note Can confirm i have this on my XL. Also had a nice little dog paw on my spacebar, until a separate update this morning removed it. Artem Russakovskii Yes https://plus.google.com/+ArtemRussakovskii/posts/aYxevnQNXK7 https://plus.google.com/+ArtemRussakovskii/posts/BsXuhKZQbmz F4LL0U7 I got that too, briefly. I think they accidentally pushed out the dogfood version. mike shwilly Somehow the suggestions/corrections bar doesn't even appear for me on menus like that. Anyone got a clue? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fcf5ae1af260f403d6fe67b4a16960601a0f678f624415845c966be49de6c152.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/7db6affa5d2544f41d448de7188c46494be0ca138cb1088830fd557174531b65.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0729dbe9f8f2b6951428091c0dc20c66822aa0bd1fb3d8c8198fba4181bd896a.png Artem Russakovskii That's the mystery - I'm not seeing suggestions either, but many are. mike shwilly I think i had this problem since Nexus 5. It has always been really annoying. Suicide_Note Deftones are a terrible band. Hurricane Andrew I still do not see it on my S7 Edge. I wonder if launcher choice makes a difference. I use Action Launcher. Would be interesting to know what launcher people who are and are not seeing this are using. Yuri Vidal on my s7 it works. are you a beta tester? i also dont use touchwiz launcher. the suggestion bar works for me on chrome, and on google app too. jkl888 I see the suggestions on my phone Artem Russakovskii I'm on the Pixel Launcher, tried both Google app 7.2 and 7.3, and Gboard 6.2 and 6.3, and I don't have this. Reply and post your launcher, Google App version, and Gboard version, and whether you have suggestions or not. Armando Rodriguez Have you notice that the "short" height is shorter than previous versions? abqnm Are you on an S8 or G6? They tweaked some proportions on the odd aspect ratio devices. The S8 doesn't have the hugely tall spacebar anymore, which may be why it seems that way. If you're not on one of those I'm not sure as it seems the same to me. Armando Rodriguez Nexus 5 DPI at 420 Raz Have it. Nova Beta, GBoard 6.3.15.157483061-arm64-v8a, Google app 7.3.19.21.arm64. The new GBoard just asked for access to my SMS to improve the suggestions. Bruno Logerfo wait since when there's a dark theme for the google widget? João Ricardo He problaby has a theme kervation I am using a Google Pixel XL with the stock pixel launcher, running Google app version 7.3.19.21 & Google Gboard version 6.3.15.157483061. I have the suggestion bar for the Google app and also the Chrome beta browser and regular Chrome browser. I also have search suggestions show up when typing in the Google app. JATIN BANSAL I think this is also new. Earlier in dark themes, they used to have a white glow around emoji but now it is gone. I like it now https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c8bcc901c9f60b97c05dc467df6fa4838f96cabcfbf6421714f5ec7189958205.png roberto.elena I wished the keyboard had a dynamic theme that would change automatically based on the app being used, like the status bar does: Youtube = red, WhatsApp = green, Facebook = blue, etc. thegrau There's a third party keyboard that does exactly that. Can't remember the name, but I believe it's based on AOSP Yuri Vidal chroma keyboard Łukasz Ordon There is also Xposed module that can do that... I used to use it but the framework is not available for 7.0+ yet... Adriannacsmith Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dy165c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dy165c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs455DirectDriveGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dy165c:....,...... EmirSc minium has this. thecoolkid Thank god! I hated the glow, not very material design... Lexster Okay, but...when will they put a freaking space after punctuation? It's not that difficult, but after using Swiftkey, I really can't get used to having to put a space after punctuation. catalysto I would NOT want that. Don't need my OCD flaring up with unnecessary spaces. Though, sure, it should probably be an option. Lexster How are spaces after periods of sentences unnecessary? hype67 In acronyms, when the dot doesn't denote the end of a sentence. As decimals. Others situations I can't remember off the top of my head. Lexster USe acronyms with periods a lot, do you? I can't remember the last time I did. It's not generally required for acronyms. You put FBI, not F. B. I. But, yes, it's a little annoying with decimals, but that can generally be programmed to recognize if the space isn't needed. Swiftkey often does. It misses sometimes, sure, but usually works well. If a field needs an IP address, it usually knows this and doesn't put a space. And yes, it can be annoying with website names, but it's much easier to backspace every once in awhile than have to hit space after every single period or question mark. Łukasz Ordon Just press space twice :P It puts full stop AND a space after it... Lexster Yes, but I prefer having the space after punctuation. Doesn't require two taps of the space bar. And it only enters periods. Łukasz Ordon Oh well... You can't make everyone happy... Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Typing URLs and email addresses is a giant pain in SwiftKey. catalysto When it's the last sentence. Lexster Okay? Well, it doesn't add a space until you type a letter, so if it's the last sentence, there wouldn't be a space unless you typed something else. catalysto A period does not always signify the end of a sentence though. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman So glad it doesn't do that. One of the worst things in SwiftKey. Typing URLs and email addresses was such a giant pain in the ass. Hitting space after I type a period isn't a big deal to me AT ALL. Especially since I'm used to typing on a keyboard anyway, so do it automatically. Lexster There some reason it can't be an option? Or do you think because you don't want it that no one should? Jarrett Lennon Kaufman You didn't indicate an option. An option might be okay, although I think it might break enough things as to cause them problems overall. Sometimes options that break the experience are left out to prevent frustration when users forget they're responsible for their own problem. ozzyager I do see suggestions when doing a search. I also recieved the dog bone version first, before being updated again shortly thereafter. Maybe just a coincidence? catalysto Same thing happened to me. It's still working after updating to the non-beta version, too. Though I'm in the beta program for Gboard, so maybe that has something to do with it? My version number is 6.3.15.157483061-arm64-v8a, in case anyone is curious. Łukasz Ordon That Gboard app version with dog paw should not be released publicly. It indicates 'dogfood' version (as googlers call it) which should be tested only inside Google. Dogfood is just debug version of normal app (don't quote me on that tho) ozzyager Correct. This is why I wondered if there was any connection between that version being released by accident to some, like myself, and only some seeing the suggestions when doing a search. Of course it might just be a server side update that is being tested, etc. Łukasz Ordon I've myself got dogfood version but shortly after (like 5 mins later) I've received another update with normal apk... Armv7 version btw :p roberto.elena It also gives suggestions in Chrome while in incognito mode. abqnm While that may be unwanted, it should be pointed out that it now gives suggestions in the Chrome address bar. Period. Previously it did not suggest anything at all in the Chrome address bar, incognito or no. I still don't have it in search though. It does work when typing to Assistant, but it may have done that previously. boop Can someone explain the nav bar in the second pic? Łukasz Ordon It's probably Pixel phone navbar... destinyhud pixel phone if u mean the down arrow then when u click a bar the left become a down arrow boop The color, I mean destinyhud thats probably Gboard's feature. maybe with 6.3 Hurricane Andrew Running Action Launcher 3, Google app version 7.3.19.21, Gboard version 6.3.15.157483061 and do not have the suggestions in the search app. Łukasz Ordon Talking about Google app itself... apparently, cards in Google Now feed have new design now https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5fbd4b5888c4ad6d684f6ab3ba7589a3354607b05f565c0b7aed404237d8d8dc.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ed878edc7fa830f93bf49db1a7d5c8b4267ae6cada762eb9d0e723312cd72c5a.png Łukasz Ordon Aaaaand it's gone... Now cards are normal for me... Take look at football match card (I mean the 'title' of it) https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/150e49575e0870a2a9ca2cf19dd64acd4a3c720df42161667388f2bc104c7a1b.png Federico Rios Im still here with the 5.2.1 version before it called Gboard in Android O DP2 and im SO HAPPY :D whispy_snippet I've never understood why this feature hasn't always existed. Teja The word prediction is the only thing I worry about. Swiftkey is way better than Gboard which made me to switch back to Swiftkey. Michael Oghia Does anyone else experience problems with the spell check feature? Sometimes I misspell a word, it tells me it's misspelled, but then doesn't offer any suggestions. It used to work better a few years ago (when it was still just keyboard or whatever it was called). Vratislav Jindra I would swear I had this yesterday. Today it disappeared. Stephen Diniz Search for emojis by drawing? :D https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/35659ac9a986709c60b979ddb14d2f0a6fb43fca949e34b15c66c9a6976e51d1.png Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 133 queries | 0.521s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
From The Atlantic CityLab Menu Commute Work Housing Weather Crime Politics Design Tech Navigator CityFixer Maps Photos Videos Search Ads are being blocked For us to continue writing great stories, we need to display ads. Un-block Learn more Back Whitelist Please select the extension that is blocking ads. Ad Block Plus Ghostery uBlock Other Blockers Back Please follow the steps below Lab Report Lab Report: Tech Leaders Fight for Paris Accord A morning roundup of the day’s news. Katie Pearce Jun 1, 2017 Comments Share on Facebook Tweet Kevin Lamarque/Reuters Tech vs. Trump: As President Donald Trump threatens to pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate agreement, the tech industry is speaking out in a big way. Tesla CEO Elon Musk suggested he would quit his White House advisory role over the reported Paris withdrawal, and a band of major tech companies—including Apple, Facebook, and Google—plan for a full-page ad in the New York Times urging Trump to stay in. Politico reports: Tech CEOs have been under widespread pressure, including in some cases from their own liberal-leaning workforces, to cut off engagement with Trump over his stances on immigration, LGBT issues and the environment. IBM's Ginni Rometty, for example, was the target of a campaign by employees to uphold the company's "core values of diversity, inclusiveness, and ethical business conduct" in response to her outreach to Trump early in his administration. Musk's warning carries particular weight because he's become one of the Trump White House's go-to tech industry executives. The Tesla and SpaceX CEO has taken part, for example, in the so-called President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. See also: The U.S. Conference of Mayors will consider a move to formally establish support for the goal of 100 percent renewable energy in cities nationwide. (Curbed) A tale of two carpools: While Google's Waze unit expands its paid carpooling service throughout California, Uber faces more bad press in San Francisco as leaked documents reveal the company burned through vast sums of money to subsidize the growth of UberPool. (AP, Buzzfeed) Car-free Times Square? The fatal crash in Times Square this month has revived a conversation over whether New York City should ban vehicles entirely from the area, transforming it into a series of pedestrian plazas. (AP) Mapping the opioid crisis: A newly updated visualization tool uses government data on prescriptions, deaths, and local policies to provide a narrative tour of the U.S. opioid epidemic—including personal accounts of Americans who have died from addiction. (State Scoop) Bike boom: A new study looks at one of the largest rapid-fire biking investments in world history—in Seville, Spain—finding that bike trips soared and safety risks plummeted with the new abundance of connected lanes. (Streetsblog) NIMBYism = segregation: The pattern of city governments caving to NIMBY protests of affordable housing has perpetuated a history of racial exclusion and prevented the growth of true “mixed-income” communities, a Houston housing advocates argues in Next City. The urban lens: 31.5.17 . . . . . #hk #hkg #skyscraper #arch #architecture #sky #visualfeels #blue #howitravel #summer #may #instatravel #lifewelltravelled #hongkong #reflections #hkgram #instahk #hkig #monocle #archlovers #city #citylab #citylabontheground #urban #asia A post shared by Sarah (@s.muirhead) on May 31, 2017 at 3:48am PDT Share your city scenes on Instagram with #citylabontheground Share on Facebook Tweet Presented by Previous Why Jails Are Booming Next The College-Town Achievement Gap About the Author Katie Pearce writes the Lab Report, CityLab’s morning news roundup. All Posts Feed Most Popular Florence Loses Its Mind Over Tourists Eating Sandwiches How to Survive a Retail Meltdown The Highway Hit List Counterpoint: D.C.'s Carnegie Library Is a Fine Place for an Apple Store Electric Vehicles Are Cleaning Up What Pittsburgh Looked Like When It Decided It Had a Pollution Problem The Comeback Investment in Cities Every Single Bodega in Manhattan, Photographed This Old Map: California as an Island, 1752 The Man Who Mapped D.C. By Hand See All Stories Newsletters CityLab, Straight to Your Inbox: Sign Up Here Go SERIES What's Next in Workforce Development Go Store T-Shirts, Mugs, and More Go Newsletters Stories, Art, and Adventures for Urban Explorers Go Back To Top CityLab Share Tweet Menu Through original reporting, sharp analysis, and visual storytelling, CityLab informs and inspires the people who are creating the cities of the future—and those who want to live there. Follow Newsletter sign up Today’s Top Stories This Week’s Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. More About CityLab Special Reports FAQ Masthead Contact Us Store Atlantic Media Jobs Advertise Advertising Guidelines Privacy Terms & Conditions Elsewhere at Atlantic Media The Atlantic The Leftovers: A Nicer Story A Few Answers in the London Attack The Myth of the Kindly General Lee Quartz The pointlessness of whining over or celebrating India’s GDP numbers This 13-year-old programmer is on a mission to educate 100,000 aspiring coders “The Leftovers” finale shows it was a love story all along, says Damon Lindelof Copyright 2017 The Atlantic Monthly Group. () Skip Ad >   Advertisement
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Google confirms details of upcoming ad-blocker in Chrome Google will block some ads in a new version of Chrome launching in 2018 The company will also present an option where users can pay to remove ads Google hopes this will help improve ads across the internet Todd Haselton | @robotodd Thursday, 1 Jun 2017 | 6:02 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Justin Sullivan | Getty Images Google has confirmed it's getting into the ad-blocking game, as has been previously reported — but in a very limited way. The company told CNBC that it will allow publishers to participate in a new program called Funding Choices. Under the program, when a user with a third-party ad blocker enabled visits a participating site using Chrome, they will see a prompt that asks them to either turn off their ad blocker, or "pay for a pass that removes all ads on that site through the new Google Contributor." If they choose to pay the fee, Google will take a 10 percent cut. If they select neither choice, they won't be able to view the website. The move will help publishers who fear losing ad revenue from users with ad blockers turned on. Instead of having to manage these kinds of prompts themselves, publishers can essentially outsource this task to Google. To see the prompts, users must sign up to participate in the Google Contributor program, and must be signed in to Chrome. If they're not signed up and have an ad-blocker turned on, they won't be able to view the site. If they're not using an ad blocker at all, they'll be able to view the site as usual, complete with ads. Business Insider is among the participating sites, Google confirmed. However, publishers must first be compliant with ad standards from the Coalition of Better Ads, of which Google is a part, which could hurt some smaller publishers who have limited leverage over the types of ads they can accept. Publishers will be able to prepare their sites for these standards using an Ad Experience Report, which will provide "screenshots and videos of annoying ad experiences we've identified to make it easy to find and fix the issues." Pop-ups, takeover ads and ads with auto-playing audio are all considered bad ads, according to the Coalition for Better Ads. Google confirmed a new version of Chrome will launch in 2018 that will prevent websites from showing ads "including those owned or served by Google" on sites that don't meet its standards. Todd HaseltonTechnology Product Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL ---
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Cities Topics Handbook More Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Chicago Detroit Hamptons Los Angeles Miami New Orleans New York Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle Washington DC Topics Architecture Interior Design Tiny Homes Prefab Home Tech House Calls For Sale Longform Maps Handbook ✕ Home Tech Samsung's new smart home hub is an all-in-one Wi-Fi router One app for everything by Jenny Xie@canonind Jun 1, 2017, 3:15pm EDT tweet share pin Samsung Amazon, Google, and Apple may be the most talked about names in the smart home hub game, but Samsung is throwing its name in the ring with a beefed up hub offering of its own. While Samsung already sells the SmartThings hub capable of controlling everything from smart lighting and locks to Amazon and Google’s voice assistants, its latest release, the Samsung Connect Home, is billed as the industry’s first smart Wi-fi system to incorporate a smart devices hub as well. So what will it do? First, the smart Wi-Fi router and system finds optimal signal coverage for the whole home (you can cover up to 4,500 square feet by connecting three hubs) and the corresponding app lets you control network access from a phone or tablet. Add in the existing SmartThings platform and you’ll be able to use the same app (or by voice command if voice assistants are integrated) to manage all of your compatible smart home devices. The product will be available as a single pack for $169.99 and three pack for $379.99. Pre-orders start on June 4 through Best Buy’s website, and will be widely available on July 16. For more smart home coverage, head here or start with our guide to turning hour home into a smart home. Next Up In Home Tech The smart home of 1895: Dumbwaiters, servant call systems, and milk receivers Ori robotic furniture transforms studio apartments into so much more Ikea smart lighting to be compatible with Amazon Alexa, Google Home, and Apple Home app Tiny house full of smart home features wants nearly $100K Home security monitor Lighthouse recognizes faces and activity These solar panel window blinds generate energy while blocking rays Trending 187 mayors adopt Paris climate accord after U.S. pulls out (updated) A growing number of mayors pledge to uphold the global climate commitment after President Donald Trump announced his intent to withdraw from the Paris agreement Frank Lloyd Wright in 45 essential works A map of projects from across the country that present an overview of his incredible career. More in Trending Newsletter Enter your email address Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 3. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest 187 mayors adopt Paris climate accord after U.S. pulls out (updated) A growing number of mayors pledge to uphold the global climate commitment after President Donald Trump announced his intent to withdraw from the Paris agreement by Alissa Walker 14 comments / new Tentrr makes camping easy with furnished campsites The crowd-free campsites are on private land and come with everything that you need to sleep outdoors. by Megan Barber Video: Inside Baltimore’s dramatic George Peabody Library The 1878 building is characterized by a soaring atrium. by Lauren Ro How one couple lives comfortably in a 188-square-foot RV  Hear from a couple who found the perfect balance between the creature comforts of home and life on the road. by Margaret Lin 1 comment / new In support of Paris accord, cities light up green Across the world, bridges and city halls went green after the Trump administration’s announcement to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate accord. by Megan Barber 1 comment / new Hyundai’s new electric bus runs 180 miles on a single charge Powered by a 256kWh battery, the zero-emissions bus can run 290 kilometers, or approximately 180 miles, on a single charge. by Lauren Ro Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead About Curbed Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Paranoid Android is back with an Android 7.1.2 ROM 05/31/2017 at 3:00 PM by Brad Linder 3 Comments Once upon a time the Paranoid Android team of developers were responsible for some of the most innovative custom ROMs for smartphones. The team reinvented Android navigation buttons with Pie controls, offered a multi-window mode years before Google officially supported the feature, reimagined multitasking on Android devices, and started (and killed) a bunch of other projects in the meantime. But Paranoid Android has been pretty quiet over the past few years. Some of the lead developers were hired by OnePlus and left the team. And when a new ROM finally launched last year… it was pretty much just stock Android 6.0 with a handful of tweaks. But now Paranoid is back… again. And this time they’ve got an up-to-date operating system that merges some old features with some new Android goodies. xda-developers Paranoid Android 2017 Nougat Resurrection includes a new version of Pie controls designed to match Google’s Material Design, support for gesture controls (like drawing letters on the screen to launch an app, or double-tapping to wake),  an immersive mode for running any app in a full-screen view (with the notification bar hidden out of sight), and a new feature called Color Engine which is basically a theming tool that lets you choose from light, dark, and black modes and set accent colors. You can also customize the navigation buttons, battery icon, and other features. And the Android 7.1.2-based ROM is also said to offer “various performance and battery improvements.” If there’s a catch, it’s that only a handful of device sare officially supported, including: Google Pixel and Pixel XL Google Nexus 5X and 6P OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T The team is also testing compatibility for the Google Nexus 5, Nextbit Robin, OnePlus One, OnePlus 2, and OnePlus X. One pretty cool feature: there are custom camera features for the OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T that allegedly offer better image quality than you get from the stock camera on those devices, as well as faster shutter speed. But I wouldn’t be surprised to see the software ported to other devices by third-party developers… or for some of those developers to start working with the Paranoid Android team, which says it’s looking for folks to help “expand our roster of supported devices.” Now that Paranoid Android’s code is up to date and there’s a new development framework in place, the plan is to start offering bug fixes and feature updates more frequently in the future. via xda-developers and Android Police Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Leave a Reply 3 Comments on "Paranoid Android is back with an Android 7.1.2 ROM" Login with Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Guest pepekraft Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. This looks interesting, and I was going to put it on my Pixel but then I saw that the announcement is on Google+. That does make me question their decision-making process. 🙂 Okay, maybe I’ll still try it. Also waiting for it to show up for the HP Touchpad. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 4 days 7 hours ago Member Nitin Sawant Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Does it support XPOSED modules? I am not going to switch from CYNGN to any other until it supports XPOSED Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 3 days 18 hours ago Guest SupaBrotha73 Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. From my understanding, Xposed isn’t supported on Nougat at all…yet. Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 3 days 15 hours ago Latest News Latest Gigabyte Brix Gaming is a compact, VR-ready desktop PC Gigabyte's BRIX line of computers are tiny desktop PCs that often aren't much … [Read More...] MSI Cubi 3 is a fanless mini desktop PC with Intel Kaby Lake MSI is showing off the latest member of its Cubi line of tiny desktop … [Read More...] Compulab’s tiny UCM-iMX7 compute module bends over backward to stay small Compulab makes a line of tiny desktop computers that it sells under the … [Read More...] Popular articles MSI Cubi 3 is a fanless mini desktop PC with Intel Kaby Lake Latest Gigabyte Brix Gaming is a compact, VR-ready desktop PC Zotac PI225: A fanless desktop PC that's smaller than a 2.5 inch hard drive Deals Deals of the Day (6-02-2017) There was a time when Amazon's Echo devices were the only game in town when it … [Read More...] Featured articles Differences between Windows 10 S, Home, Pro, Enterprise, and Education This week Microsoft introduced a new version of Windows 10 which is designed for … [Read More...] This might be the best MP3 player you can get for $1.50 Need a cheap MP3 player? It doesn't get much cheaper than the Simplicity Fashion … [Read More...] What’s new in Android O? Google has released the first developer preview for Android O, the next major … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. You are going to send email to Send Move Comment Move
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Google Chrome will block annoying ads by default starting next year 06/01/2017 at 6:17 PM by Brad Linder 5 Comments Ads pay for the vast majority of free content found on the web. That’s pretty much how the modern web evolved. But some ads are really annoying, potentially blocking the content you’re trying to read and probably making you less likely to have warm, fuzzy feelings about the products being advertised. For that reason, and many others, a growing number of people are using ad blockers to hide the ads found on websites. Plugins like uBlock and AdBlock Plus can do that for Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Edge. The Opera browser even has a built-in ad blocker. And soon, so will Google Chrome. Kind of. Let’s be clear: not only do websites like this one make most of their money from advertising. So do many big internet giants like Facebook and… Google. So why would Google include an ad blocker in its own web browser? Because it doesn’t block all ads. Instead, it’s designed to only block those ads that don’t meet the Better Ads Standards set by the Coalition for Better Ads. Basically, that means ads that pop-up over other content on a website, automatically play audio without any user interaction, cover the page until a countdown timer ends, or cover a large part of the screen in a “sticky” format that can’t easily be removed. Starting in “early 2018,” Chrome will stop showing ads on websites that don’t meet the Better Ads Standards. Note that Google isn’t just saying Chrome will stop showing non-compliant ads. It will stop showing all ads on websites that don’t comply. So let’s get back to the original question: why would a company that makes its money from advertising start filtering out ads? There are a few good explanations: Annoying ads drive people to install ad blockers which indiscriminately hide all ads. By including a selective ad blocker in Chrome, Google might encourage people not to take a more extreme approach. Threatening to block all ads for users of the world’s most popular web browser is a pretty good way to ensure that web publishers start to comply with the standards… giving readers less reason to turn to ad blockers. Google’s own advertising networks already discourage the use of these sorts of annoying ads, so it’s not like Google’s really shooting itself in the foot too much here. Of course, part of the reason websites use those flashier, more annoying ads is because simpler ads might not generate as much revenue. If Google succeeds in discouraging websites from using those ads though, it’s possible more ad money will flow to less obtrusive ads in the future. But Google also has another option: the company is revamping its Google Contributor tool that lets website visitors pay a fee to hide Google ads from the websites they visit. In the future, Chrome users who have an ad blocker installed may see a new Funding Choices notice when visiting some websites, asking them to either enable ads or pay for a pass to remove ads on that site. Meanwhile, Google may be missing a key point: some people install third-party ad blockers because they find ads annoying or irrelevant. But over the past few years I’ve heard a lot of people complain that ads are also problematic for other reasons. Some folks worry about privacy matters that come from ads that track your data. Others worry about security issues associated with ads that can deliver code to your computer (and there have been instances where malware is distributed through ads). And there’s also the fact that ads consume internet bandwidth and computer resources. So I suspect that even if Google’s new plan to start blocking ads does slow the adoption of third-party ad blockers… there will still be a large number of people who opt for the more powerful solution. Note: In case it wasn’t abundantly clear already, Liliputing is ad-supported. We do our best to ensure that our ads aren’t obtrusive, and glancing at the Better Ads Standards, it looks like we already comply, although I’ll be keeping an eye on Google’s new ad Experience Report tool to see if Google catches any problems.  But if you’re already using an ad blocker and want to help support the site, please consider making a contribution to our Patreon campaign.  Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Leave a Reply 5 Comments on "Google Chrome will block annoying ads by default starting next year" Login with Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Guest QWERTY Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Bothered by the fact that they don’t even seem to purport to tackle malvertising. That really ought to be priority one. Autoplay is annoying, but it doesn’t really compare to ransomware. Chrome was one of the first to sandbox flash. It’s probably harder to sandbox the maelstrom of cross site scripting that controls every element today, but it ought to be done with only very limited content allowed to actually reach your machine. Vote Up2Vote Down  Reply 3 days 2 hours ago Guest Graham Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Google doesn’t give a fuck about website ads. Isn’t that pretty much clear? They have been ever increasing their own properties in which they can plaster ads on and in. The priority for Google has been to get out of the Adsense type revenue streams and if you care to look at their annual reports you will see it’s dropping like a rock. As planned. If Google gave a shit about ads on websites, then the search would be search and not a content page as it has become. When they cared less about sending traffic to sites, it was pretty clear how important website ads were to their business. They. Don’t. Give. A. Shit. Vote Up-1Vote Down  Reply 2 days 12 hours ago Member YCAU Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. <– some people 😀 Yeah, I think ads are annoying, irrelevant, and privacy and security hazards. But I would still like to see an improvement in the ecosystem that this change could make. For example, hopefully I'll start being able to click on Forbes links again, and even people without adblockers won't have to sit through their horrible timed splash screen full of irrelevant trash. Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 2 days 10 hours ago Guest bbkm Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Ill point out some people block ads because they don’t want GOOGLE itself tracking them. There are a lot of reasons to block ads and few to leave them. I despise ‘targeted’ ads but if I come to liliputing and see an ad for a small computer type product that’s not targeted to my browsing history that’s based on the website I visit. I block as much as possible because the vast majority of ads are designed to track you. Also, the demise of the mobile web and being forced to use full desktop sites on mobile devices that hang because they wait for some kind of ad based coding to execute is unreal. And this happens in places it shouldn’t like say msn.com or yahoo.com which has so much scripting it’s disgusting. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 1 day 11 hours ago Member mark Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. “Google’s own advertising networks already discourage” Not true, Google AdSense actively recommends full screen ads on mobile devices. (Not to mention the auto playing ads they recommend for ads in applications, which will be exempt from this.) Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 8 hours 43 minutes ago Latest News Latest Gigabyte Brix Gaming is a compact, VR-ready desktop PC Gigabyte's BRIX line of computers are tiny desktop PCs that often aren't much … [Read More...] MSI Cubi 3 is a fanless mini desktop PC with Intel Kaby Lake MSI is showing off the latest member of its Cubi line of tiny desktop … [Read More...] Compulab’s tiny UCM-iMX7 compute module bends over backward to stay small Compulab makes a line of tiny desktop computers that it sells under the … [Read More...] Popular articles MSI Cubi 3 is a fanless mini desktop PC with Intel Kaby Lake Latest Gigabyte Brix Gaming is a compact, VR-ready desktop PC Zotac PI225: A fanless desktop PC that's smaller than a 2.5 inch hard drive Deals Deals of the Day (6-02-2017) There was a time when Amazon's Echo devices were the only game in town when it … [Read More...] Featured articles Differences between Windows 10 S, Home, Pro, Enterprise, and Education This week Microsoft introduced a new version of Windows 10 which is designed for … [Read More...] This might be the best MP3 player you can get for $1.50 Need a cheap MP3 player? It doesn't get much cheaper than the Simplicity Fashion … [Read More...] What’s new in Android O? Google has released the first developer preview for Android O, the next major … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. You are going to send email to Send Move Comment Move
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Web Apps Google plans to clean up the web with Chrome ad blocker next year New, 126 comments by Jacob Kastrenakes Jun 1, 2017, 6:01pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Photo by David Ramos/Getty Images Google will introduce an ad blocker to Chrome early next year and is telling publishers to get ready. The warning is meant to let websites assess their ads and strip any particularly disruptive ones from their pages. That’s because Chrome’s ad blocker won’t block all ads from the web. Instead, it’ll only block ads on pages that are determined to have too many annoying or intrusive advertisements, like videos that autoplay with sound or interstitials that take up the entire screen. Sridhar Ramaswamy, the executive in charge of Google’s ads, writes in a blog post that even ads “owned or served by Google” will be blocked on pages that don’t meet Chrome’s guidelines. “All content creators ... can continue to have a sustainable way to fund their work.” Instead of an ad “blocker,” Google is referring to the feature as an ad “filter,” according to The Wall Street Journal, since it will still allow ads to be displayed on pages that meet the right requirements. The blocker will work on both desktop and mobile. Google is providing a tool that publishers can run to find out if their sites’ ads are in violation and will be blocked in Chrome. Unacceptable ads are being determined by a group called the Coalition for Better Ads, which includes Google, Facebook, News Corp, and The Washington Post as members. Google shows publishers which of their ads are considered disruptive. Image: Google The feature is certain to be controversial. On one hand, there are huge benefits for both consumers and publishers. But on the other, it gives Google immense power over what the web looks like, partly in the name of protecting its own revenue. First, the benefits: bad ads slow down the web, make the web hard and annoying to browse, and have ultimately driven consumers to install ad blockers that remove all advertisements no matter what. A world where that continues and most users block all ads looks almost apocalyptic for publishers, since nearly all of your favorite websites rely on ads to stay afloat. (The Verge, as you have likely noticed, included.) By implementing a limited blocking tool, Google can limit the spread of wholesale ad blocking, which ultimately benefits everyone. Users get a better web experience. And publishers get to continue using the ad model that’s served the web well for decades — though they may lose some valuable ad units in the process. There’s also a good argument to be made that stripping out irritating ads is no different than blocking pop ups, which web browsers have done for years, as a way to improve the experience for consumers. Google, an ad company, is determining ad standards for everyone But there are drawbacks to building an ad blocker into Chrome: most notably, the amount of power it gives Google. Ultimately, it means Google gets to decide what qualifies as an acceptable ad (though it’s basing this on standards set collectively by the Coalition for Better Ads). That’s a good thing if you trust Google to remain benign and act in everyone’s interests. But keep in mind that Google is, at its core, an ad company. Nearly 89 percent of its revenue comes from displaying ads. The Chrome ad blocker doesn’t just help publishers, it also helps Google maintain its dominance. And it advantages Google’s own ad units, which, it’s safe to say, will not be in violation of the bad ad rules. This leaves publishers with fewer options to monetize their sites. And given that Chrome represents more than half of all web browsing on desktop and mobile, publishers will be hard pressed not to comply. Google will also include an option for visitors to pay websites that they’re blocking ads on, through a program it’s calling Funding Choices. Publishers will have to enable support for this feature individually. But Google already tested a similar feature for more than two years, and it never really caught on. So it’s hard to imagine publishers seeing what’s essentially a voluntary tipping model as a viable alternative to ads. Ramaswamy says that the goal of Chrome’s ad blocker is to make online ads better. “We believe these changes will ensure all content creators, big and small, can continue to have a sustainable way to fund their work with online advertising,” he writes. And what Ramaswamy says is probably true: Chrome’s ad blocker likely will clean up the web and result in a better browsing experience. It just does that by giving a single advertising juggernaut a whole lot of say over what’s good and bad. Next Up In Tech Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? X Prize assembled a supergroup of sci-fi authors to develop its next competitions New deals on the Sonos Play:1, Amazon Echo, and more of the week’s best tech sales Now Trending Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread Details on the iPhone 8, AR Glasses, Siri Speaker, MacBook and more Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? Or any celeb photos? Rolls-Royce custom-built this gorgeous coupe for a mystery millionaire Redefining the dream car Microsoft reveals Dell and Asus Windows Mixed Reality headsets SpaceX sticks 11th rocket landing after launching first used Dragon capsule Five ground landings attempted and five ground landings achieved Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 25. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology by Rich McCormick 4 comments / new Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread by Andrew Liptak 47 comments / new No, your sunscreen isn't going to kill you by Miriam Nielsen and Kimberly Mas 6 comments / new Wonder Woman has come a long way since this failed 1967 screen test by Kwame Opam 3 comments / new UK prime minister Theresa May calls for internet regulations following London attacks by Andrew Liptak 21 comments / new After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious by Andrew Liptak 4 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
BUSINESS Tesla's Elon Musk and Disney's Robert Iger quit Trump advisory councils, citing climate change Musk, the chief executive of both Tesla and SpaceX, is an advocate of alternative energy. Musk, the chief executive of both Tesla and SpaceX, is an advocate of alternative energy. Russ MitchellContact Reporter Tesla’s Elon Musk and Disney’s Robert Iger both said they were resigning from White House advisory councils after President Trump announced Thursday that he is withdrawing the United States from the Paris climate accord. Along with those two chief executives, other pillars of corporate America — including Google’s chief executive and Amazon.com — joined a growing chorus of disapproval over Trump’s decision. “Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world,” Musk tweeted. Musk, the CEO of both Tesla and SpaceX, had warned Wednesday that he would quit the two councils he was on if Trump pulled out of the climate agreement. Musk said he had “done all I can" — as a member of the advisory councils, through White House personnel and directly with the president — to push Trump to stick with the Obama-era plan. He later tweeted about China’s commitment under the climate accord; among that country’s goals is to get 20% of its energy from renewable sources by 2030. Musk has been an outspoken advocate of alternative energy. His electric car company Tesla also makes solar panels and high-capacity batteries. Musk was criticized when he agreed to serve on Trump’s panels on business and manufacturing, but he said he thought his presence could have a positive effect. “I believe at this time that engaging on critical issues will on balance serve the greater good,” he said at the time. Hours after Musk pulled out, Iger — who with Musk was on Trump’s business advisory panel — said he was leaving that council “as a matter of principle.” At Disney's shareholder meeting in March, Iger defended his decision to be involved with the council, saying he wanted to be "in the room where it happens." When one shareholder criticized his relationship with Trump, calling it a tacit endorsement of the president's policies, Iger said the council gives members an opportunity to express opinions to the president that Trump otherwise might not hear. "I made a decision I thought was in the best interest of our company and the industry," Iger said at the time. "I think it's a privileged opportunity to be in the room." Iger did not attend either of the two meetings the council has had so far — citing scheduling conflicts — but he told CNBC’s Julia Boorstin last month that he was in touch with the Trump administration. A Democrat who supported Hillary Clinton in the presidential election, Iger was the only entertainment executive in the business advisory council. Iger has avoided directly criticizing Trump, but he previously made a veiled criticism of his immigration policies. At the shareholder meeting in March, Iger said he is against policies that single out particular religious groups, a reference to the Trump administration's moves that some have said discriminate against Muslims. “I happen to believe this company has benefited over the years in so many different ways, as has this country, [because of] an open and fair and just immigration policy,” Iger said at the time. “We are who we are as a country because of great immigration.” General Electric CEO Jeff Immelt, a member of Trump’s council on manufacturing, also tweeted his disapproval of Trump’s choice to exit the climate change pact Thursday. Immelt has been a vocal critic of Trump on the climate change issue. In an internal memo to employees obtained by Politico, he wrote: “We believe climate change should be addressed on a global basis through multi-national agreements, such as the Paris Agreement. We hope that the United States continues to play a constructive role in furthering solutions to these challenges, and at GE, we will continue to lead with our technology and actions.” Sundar Pichai, CEO of Google Inc., expressed a similar sentiment. Google is among the two dozen companies that signed an open letter last month urging Trump to keep the U.S. in the climate accord. Richard Branson, founder of the Virgin Group, said on Bloomberg Television, “It makes me want to cry that a great country like America is abandoning its duty.” “It’s a sad day for Americans, it’s a sad day for the world, it’s a sad day for our grandchildren,” Branson said. “And obviously as business people we have to pick ourselves up on a global basis and just get on and try to sort the problem out ourselves with the other 193 countries around the world.” Amazon.com Inc. also weighed in to support the Paris deal, pushing back against the idea that climate-change policies are bad for business. “We believe that robust clean energy and climate policies can support American competitiveness, innovation, and job growth,” the e-commerce giant said in a string of tweets. “We remain committed to putting our scale and inventive culture to work in ways that are good for the environment and our customers.” And Lloyd Blankfein, the CEO of Goldman Sachs, condemned Trump's move — doing so in his first-ever tweet. Caption Abortion foes want to defund Planned Parenthood. This week's release of "Wonder Woman" is a test for Warner Bros. and Hollywood. The U.S. military put its missile defense system to the test. China is the world's largest greenhouse gas emitter. There's still a line, and Kathy Griffin found it. The city of L.A. got serious about battling homelessness in 2015, before reality hit. Angeli, the 1,000-ton, 400-foot-long tunnel-boring machine, has finally seen daylight. Abortion foes want to defund Planned Parenthood. This week's release of "Wonder Woman" is a test for Warner Bros. and Hollywood. The U.S. military put its missile defense system to the test. China is the world's largest greenhouse gas emitter. There's still a line, and Kathy Griffin found it. The city of L.A. got serious about battling homelessness in 2015, before reality hit. Angeli, the 1,000-ton, 400-foot-long tunnel-boring machine, has finally seen daylight. Caption Abortion foes want to defund Planned Parenthood. This week's release of "Wonder Woman" is a test for Warner Bros. and Hollywood. The U.S. military put its missile defense system to the test. China is the world's largest greenhouse gas emitter. There's still a line, and Kathy Griffin found it. The city of L.A. got serious about battling homelessness in 2015, before reality hit. Angeli, the 1,000-ton, 400-foot-long tunnel-boring machine, has finally seen daylight. Abortion foes want to defund Planned Parenthood. This week's release of "Wonder Woman" is a test for Warner Bros. and Hollywood. The U.S. military put its missile defense system to the test. China is the world's largest greenhouse gas emitter. There's still a line, and Kathy Griffin found it. The city of L.A. got serious about battling homelessness in 2015, before reality hit. Angeli, the 1,000-ton, 400-foot-long tunnel-boring machine, has finally seen daylight. Caption The city of L.A. got serious about battling homelessness in 2015, before reality hit. Angeli, the 1,000-ton, 400-foot-long tunnel-boring machine, has finally seen daylight. The historic Syrian city of Palmyra has emerged from Islamic State control. California Governor Jerry Brown is heading to China. The city of L.A. got serious about battling homelessness in 2015, before reality hit. Angeli, the 1,000-ton, 400-foot-long tunnel-boring machine, has finally seen daylight. The historic Syrian city of Palmyra has emerged from Islamic State control. California Governor Jerry Brown is heading to China. Caption China is the world's largest greenhouse gas emitter. There's still a line, and Kathy Griffin found it. What happened to a fishing boat called the Tammy? An L.A. skyscraper is turning into the world's longest stringed instrument. Credits: Getty / Irfan Khan / Glenn Koenig / KTLA / Francine Orr China is the world's largest greenhouse gas emitter. There's still a line, and Kathy Griffin found it. What happened to a fishing boat called the Tammy? An L.A. skyscraper is turning into the world's longest stringed instrument. Credits: Getty / Irfan Khan / Glenn Koenig / KTLA / Francine Orr Caption President Trump pulls America from the Paris climate change agreement. President Trump pulls America from the Paris climate change agreement. Caption CBS Miami’s Oralia Ortega reports. CBS Miami’s Oralia Ortega reports. russ.mitchell@latimes.com Twitter: @russ1mitchell ALSO Here's what the Paris world climate agreement will do — and what it won't Climate deal can't be renegotiated, European leaders say in swift rebuke to Trump California’s Gov. Brown calls Trump's rejection of climate deal 'insane' and 'deviant behavior'     UPDATES: 4:55 p.m.: This article was updated with background information about Robert Iger’s involvement with Trump’s council. 4:30 p.m.: This article was updated with news about Robert Iger’s resignation from a Trump advisory council. 3:35 p.m.: This article was updated with comments from Richard Branson and Lloyd Blankfein. 2:40 p.m.: This article was updated with comments from Sundar Pichai and Amazon.com. 2:20 p.m.: This article was updated to mention another tweet from Elon Musk and a detail of China’s commitment under the climate accord. This article was originally published at 1:30 p.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Robert A. Iger Elon Musk Richard Branson White House Lloyd Blankfein Tesla Motors They dismissed her as a lightweight. But California's top judge has found her voice — and uses it to call out Trump policies Political Road Map: Trump's budget presents new challenge to California's long suffering unemployment fund The Big One is going to happen, no matter how much you want to deny it, California scientists say Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 64°
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Microsoft Google Policy & Law Silicon Valley comes out strong against Trump’s decision to abandon Paris agreement New, 56 comments Tech execs fear for the planet, and their businesses by Nick Statt@nickstatt Jun 1, 2017, 5:47pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Asa Mathat / Recode Google CEO Sundar Pichai, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella all said today that they remain committed to the environment and clean energy initiatives in the face of Trump’s decision to withdrawn the US from the Paris climate coalition. Though many voices around the world, including politicians and representatives from numerous corporations and countries, have expressed extreme concern over Trump’s decision, Pichai, Nadella, and Zuckerberg are three of the most powerful figures in the tech. Their opinions on political matters carry immense weight in the industry, suggesting many other members in Silicon Valley and beyond will speak up on behalf of the tech sector. Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk also confirmed today on Twitter that he would be stepping down from Trump’s economic advisory councils over the decision. Pichai, Nadella, and Zuckerberg are three of the industry’s most influential voices “Withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement is bad for the environment, bad for the economy, and it puts our children's future at risk,” Zuckerberg wrote on his personal Facebook page. “For our part, we've committed that every new data center we build will be powered by 100 percent renewable energy. Stopping climate change is something we can only do as a global community, and we have to act together before it's too late.” Shortly after 5PM ET, Pichai tweeted, “Disappointed with today’s decision. Google will keep working hard for a cleaner, more prosperous future for all.” Slightly early in the afternoon, Nadella and Brad Smith, the company’s chief legal officer, both tweeted messages reiterating Microsoft’s commitment to reducing carbon emissions and preventing the devastating effects of climate change. “We believe climate change is an urgent issue that demands global action. We remain committed to doing our part,” Nadella wrote. Disappointed with today’s decision. Google will keep working hard for a cleaner, more prosperous future for all.— Sundar Pichai (@sundarpichai) June 1, 2017 Smith, who is known for penning lengthy and thorough blog posts on controversial political topics on behalf of Microsoft, also directed readers to a LinkedIn post that better explained the company’s reasoning for denouncing the withdrawal. “We are disappointed with today’s decision by the White House to withdraw the United States from the landmark, globally supported Paris Agreement on climate change,” Smith writes. “We believe that continued U.S. participation benefits U.S. businesses and the economy in important and multiple ways. A global framework strengthens competitiveness for American businesses. It creates new markets for innovative clean technologies, from green power to smart grids to cloud-enabled solutions. And by strengthening global action over time, the Agreement reduces future climate damage to people and organizations around the world.” Though Musk and the others remain the most prominent tech industry leaders to have personally voiced concern on the subject, other tech companies have been issuing statements denouncing Trump’s decision as well. Both Amazon and HP issued statements saying they will continue to support the agreement and to take actions to reduce emissions and mitigate the effects of climate change. “Climate change is one of the most significant and urgent issues facing business and society today,” wrote HP in its statement. “The science is clear, the impacts are serious and the need to act is essential.” Here's Amazon's reaction to Trump pulling out of Paris Accords: pic.twitter.com/Mw2pwV49EF— Charlie Warzel (@cwarzel) June 1, 2017 Prior to Trump’s press conference today, tech leaders across the industry attempted to sway the president from following through on the withdrawal. Among those were Apple CEO Tim Cook, who called the White House on Tuesday to reportedly ask Trump to reconsider. A number of other companies signed a letter that was published today as a full-page ad in both The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times expressing the same concern. According to Axios, Cook sent an email to to Apple employees today confirming his attempt on Tuesday to convince Trump to remain part of the accord. “Climate change is real and we all share a responsibility to fight it. I want to reassure you that today's developments will have no impact on Apple's efforts to protect the environment,” Cook wrote in the email. “Our mission has always been to leave the world better than we found it. We will never waver, because we know that future generations depend on us.” Many corporate leaders like Cook tried, and apparently failed, to appeal to Trump’s nationalistic tendencies. They do so by trying to reiterate the damage the withdrawal could do to America’s business interests, as well as its ability to compete on the global stage with the nearly 200 other members of the Paris climate deal. Despite those efforts, Trump is now following through with his promise to try and renegotiate the agreement, a task some EU countries have already said is virtually impossible. Update 5:50PM ET, 6/1: Added statement from Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg. Update 8:11PM ET, 6/1: Added excerpt from email Apple CEO Tim Cook sent to company employees today. Next Up In Science No, your sunscreen isn't going to kill you SpaceX sticks 11th rocket landing after launching first used Dragon capsule Watch SpaceX launch its first used Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station There are more cases of measles in Minnesota now than in all of the US last year, thanks to anti-vaxxers Sharks literally puke their guts out — here's why TGIF: watch two astronauts leave the ISS and head back home to Earth Now Trending Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread Details on the iPhone 8, AR Glasses, Siri Speaker, MacBook and more Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? Or any celeb photos? Rolls-Royce custom-built this gorgeous coupe for a mystery millionaire Redefining the dream car Microsoft reveals Dell and Asus Windows Mixed Reality headsets SpaceX sticks 11th rocket landing after launching first used Dragon capsule Five ground landings attempted and five ground landings achieved Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 20. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology by Rich McCormick 4 comments / new Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread by Andrew Liptak 53 comments / new No, your sunscreen isn't going to kill you by Miriam Nielsen and Kimberly Mas 6 comments / new Wonder Woman has come a long way since this failed 1967 screen test by Kwame Opam 3 comments / new UK prime minister Theresa May calls for internet regulations following London attacks by Andrew Liptak 21 comments / new After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious by Andrew Liptak 4 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] June 1 GOOG: 966.95 2.09 Amazon beats Google to the punch, enables reminders for Alexa devices Ben Schoon - Jun. 1st 2017 1:37 pm PT @NexusBen amazon echo View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Making a digital assistant that really does everything users want is pretty difficult. There are dozens upon dozens of features that everyone wants, so features are added over time. However, one thing that seems pretty obvious, if you ask me at least, is setting reminders. For whatever reason, though, both Amazon’s Echo and Google Home completely missed out on this feature, but now Amazon is adding it. The best gifts for Android users Starting today, Amazon Echo owners will have the ability to use their Alexa assistant to easily set reminders just with their voices. Simply tell the device something along the lines of “Alexa, remind me to take out the trash at 5 pm” or “Alexa, remind me to call John on June 5th” and you’ll get an audible alert when that time has come. It’s a simple addition, but one that will certainly come in handy quite often. Google Home users, on the other hand, still only have the hope that this same feature is on its way. Google confirmed at I/O earlier this month that reminders are coming, but the company gave no time frame for that. While implementing reminders for Google Home will be great even if similar to Amazon’s simple method, Google definitely has the ability to one-up this feature by allowing the same reminder to push through smartphones, tablets, and the Chrome browser just like current reminders via Google Assistant can. Along with reminders, Echo users are also getting the ability to set custom names to timers. To see all reminders/named timers, users can simply open the Alexa application on their Android or iOS device and navigate to the “Alerts and Alarms” section of the app. Ben Schoon @NexusBen Ben is a writer for 9to5Google who can also be found over on the 9to5Google YouTube channel and on Twitter @NexusBen. Favorite Gear Pixel XL Gear S3 Frontier Huawei Mate 9 Guides amazon echo View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
GSMArena.com Tip us 868k 130k 87k 212k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Video Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Back in black Nokia 6 review - - - Google is able to understand language nearly as well as humans Post your comment Comments (28) Yordan 01 June 2017 Google IoT Other Google announced new features for its Assistant and Home services last month at its keynote in Mountain View. This is a result of an improved voice recognition software by Google that nears human-level accuracy. According to Mary Meeker, an analyst from KPCB, Googles engine reached 95% accurate recognition, which is a level identical to humans. The recognition rate jumped 20% in four years and will continue to go up since Google now has voice recognition even in Google Translate and the company will keep collecting and analyzing voice data. The analyst also shared statistics that voice is beginning to replace typing in online queries, with 20% of entries made via voice last year. Meeker said that even if the internet growth is slowing globally, in India the users of the worldwide web grew more than 28% in 2016. There is room for even bigger improvement since less than a third of Indian people have access to the internet, or about 27%. Source Related articles Google Assistant gains more features as it marks availability on 100M devices Google's Photos app hits 1 billion installs on Play Store Google Assistant is now available on iOS Google Home learns to make phone calls and show you things on your handset or TV Reader comments tazndr 6ccj 15 hours ago hmmm... SkyNet? :D Reply Sourcastic UD{0 02 Jun 2017 Finally! Something that can help me understand my girlfriend. Sometimes I just don't understand what she's talking about :D :P Reply daryl XNtX 02 Jun 2017 lmfao ! Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 28 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy S8 72,970 2. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 60,792 3. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) 56,421 4. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 56,280 5. Xiaomi Redmi 4a 44,469 6. Samsung Galaxy S8+ 42,596 7. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 40,114 8. Nokia 6 38,936 9. Apple iPhone 6 36,488 10. Xiaomi Mi 6 34,896 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 2,208 2. OnePlus 3 1,695 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,684 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,655 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,541 6. HTC 10 1,475 7. LG G5 1,231 8. Samsung Galaxy S8 1,181 9. OnePlus 3T 922 10. Xiaomi Mi Mix 880 Home News Reviews Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Music Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Google’s Chrome Browser to Start Blocking Annoying Ads Next Year Janko Roettgers Senior Silicon Valley Correspondent @jank0 Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Jeff Chiu/AP/REX/Shutterstock June 1, 2017 | 02:17PM PT Google has started to inform publishers that it will add an ad blocker to its Chrome browser next year that aims to only filter out the most annoying ads, the company confirmed Thursday. By giving publishers advance notice, Google hopes to get them to adapt less intrusive advertising formats. The company is also offering publishers affected by ad blockers another way to monetize their content. “t’s far too common that people encounter annoying, intrusive ads on the web—like the kind that blare music unexpectedly, or force you to wait 10 seconds before you can see the content on the page,” wrote Google ads and commerce SVP Sridhar Ramaswamy in a blog post Thursday. “These frustrating experiences can lead some people to block all ads—taking a big toll on the content creators, journalists, web developers and videographers who depend on ads to fund their content creation. We believe online ads should be better.” Google plans to add its ad blocker to both the desktop and mobile versions of Chrome next year. However, unlike other ad blockers, Google’s goal isn’t to filter out all advertising. The software will instead remove advertising formats that have been deemed unacceptable by the Coalition for Better Ads, a trade group that counts tech companies like Google and Facebook, but also media companies like News Corp. and the Washington Post among its members. Some of these ad formats include auto-playing video ads with sound, pop-up ads and ads that take over more than 30 percent of a mobile screen. Google also isn’t the only browser maker to enable ad blocking. Apple tweaked its Safari browser back in 2015 to allow iPhone users to install third-party ad blockers, many of which filter out advertising altogether. Google will now give publishers affected by these all-or-nothing ad blockers a new way to monetize their content: Publishers will be able to encourage users who have ad blockers installed to either disable them for their site, or get paid access through a new program called Google Contributor. Still, some criticize that Google may have a conflict of interest. The company’s ads run on 16.5 percent of all websites, according to data from W3Techs.com. Filtering out other ads arguably gives publishers an incentive to run more ads from Google’s ad network. What’s more, Chrome has in recent years become the most-used web browser, and is being used by 58 percent of all internet users, according to W3Counter.com. Filed Under: ad blockers Advertising Google Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 2 Music Katy Perry’s Manchester Outfit Made with Victims’ Photos TV Bill Maher Should Be Fired (Opinion) Film ‘Wonder Woman’ Makes History at the Box Office Dirt Angelina Jolie Buys Cecil B. DeMille’s Estate at Record Price Whoopi Goldberg, Morgan Spurlock, Jason Blum Among Academy Candidates for Board of Governors Election Emmy Contenders: Time to Shake Up Lead Actor Races Emmy Preview: Stephen Colbert Will Bring Political Heat to Hosting Gig Could a Perfect Storm Help Push Elisabeth Moss to Her First Emmy Win? Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply 2 Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Lee says: June 2, 2017 at 11:13 am I do not mind seeing and looking at ads that are featured banner style down one side of a site page and have clicked on some to see more about a product. I absolutely HATE ads that hijack you to see their video ad. The way I see it, a site where you read should go along the route of the old newspaper, where ads are silent and placed in blocks to look at. If they want to do video commercial ads then let them pay for a streaming show to see for free and place their video ads in that. Reply christiehall5454 says: June 1, 2017 at 4:36 pm I found a great site that focuses on stay at home mom’s complete guide to gaining a serious amount of money in very little time. While being able to earn an passive income staying home with your kids. If you are someone who needs more money and has some spare time, this site is perfect for you. Take a look at… gfg follow this link…..★★★◕◡◕◕◡◕◕◡◕Trump”s New Opprunuties See Here Reply See All 2 Comments More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Get That Red Carpet Glow With These Plant-Based Beauty… John Oliver: Vladimir Putin "Biggest Threat To U.S. After The… Pippa Middleton's Chic Australian Honeymoon Sandals Are Now On… Fear TWD Showrunner Breaks Down [Spoiler]'s 'Inevitable' Demise… 'Silicon Valley' Review: Richard and Jared Tap Into Their Darker… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
printed June 5, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=19174 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Google Uses Machine Learning to Tweak Sheets Article Comments   Thursday, 1:59 PM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Google today rolled out new features for its Sheets spreadsheet application. Most of the new features target the desktop-based version of Sheets. For example, machine learning makes it possible to ask Sheets questions in a natural way to explore the data contained in any given document. For example, users can ask “what is the distribution of products sold?” or “what are average sales on Sundays?” and Sheets' new Explore function will help find the answers. Google also made it easier to share and/or import data from Google Docs and Google Slides. Other new features include improved keyboard shortcuts, printing previews, and chart editing. On the mobile front, the Apple iPhone and iPad will benefit from some of these improvements. Google says iPhone and iPad owners will be able to create and edits charts in a new sidebar. Mobile users will be able to select their own colors for personalization, and add trend lines to highlight data within charts. Last, iPhones and iPads will be able to create more types of charts, including 3D charts. Sheets for iOS is free to download from the iTunes App Store. Google didn't say when the machine learning tools might reach its mobile apps. more info at Google » more info at iTunes App Store » Related Facebook to Make Its Instant Articles Compatible with Google, Apple Formats Facebook wants content to be more readable across the web and took steps this week toward that goal by tweaking the SDK for its Instant Articles. Facebook's Instant Articles give publishers a way to streamline content for consumption on mobile devices, but Instant Articles aren't compatible with the mobile-first styles used by Google and Apple. Google Keep Gets Better at Sharing, Sheets Improves Charts Google today updated its Keep and Sheets applications for Android devices. The latest version of Keep improves thanks to a new sharing tool that, when tapped, includes an option to create a new note in Keep. Google Hits Refresh on Docs, Sheets, Slides for Android Google has updated all three of its Android productivity apps with a focus on notifications. For example, people will now see notifications within their Google Drive Android app whenever someone mentions them in a comment or shares a document with them directly. Google Adds Functionality to Docs, Sheets, and Slides for Android Google today pushed out updates to its Docs, Sheets, and Slides apps for Android devices and added a few new features along the way. According to Google, Docs now offers more control over line spacing; Sheets adds scrollbars for simpler navigation; and Slides permits users to insert, move, resize, and rotate text boxes/shapes. Google Calendar, Sheets, Now On Tap Gain New Tools Google has updated a slew of its mobile apps this week, adding new features to Google Calendar, Sheets, and Now On Tap for Android devices. To start, Google Calendar made it easy to see when you're free when scheduling a new event. more news about:   AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 2 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register email address username password Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google improves Gmail security against phisers with machine learning By Rei Padla - June 1, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Google is adding some more security measures to Gmail to ensure that your work inbox is always safe and secure. It’s no secret that hackers and spammers abound. We don’t think they will go away anytime soon (and maybe not ever) so it is important that email providers do everything in their power so your account remains private. For companies who rely on Gmail for corporate mails and data transfer, know that Google is adding more security features. Whether you like it or not, phising threats are considered normal now. What is not normal though is if you actually fall into the trap. We can’t really blame you but to keep people from becoming victims, the Gmail team has added machine learning for phising detection, click-time warnings, and unintended external reply warnings among others. With machine learning, Gmail can help block phising and spam messages. Google is improving its processes for spam detection with the goal of higher accuracy. Gmail has integrated wwith Google Safe Browsing machine learning technologies so suspicious links and phising schemes are detected. Gmail has also started to show new warnings for employees that may prevent data loss. You will be asked first if you really want to send an email outside your domain. SOURCE: The Keyword Rei Padla Must Read HTC U11 Hands-on: squeezing every last measure available BlackBerry KEYone Review Samsung Galaxy S8 Review Community 922.6klikes 478.3kfollowers 85.9kcomments / Free WordPress Plugins and WordPress Themes by Silicon Themes. Join us right now! Latest Devices ZTE nubia Z17 Motorola Moto Z2 Play Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise RSS Feed © 2008 - 2017 Android Community
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Verizon offering free Google Home with Pixel purchase, discounts on smartphones with trade-in Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | June 1, 2017 56 shares 53 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               If you’re in the market for a new Verizon smartphone, the big red carrier’s got a couple of deals happening now that you may want to check out. First up, Verizon is offering a free Google Home with the purchase of a Google Pixel or Google Pixel XL. The Google Home is free after mail-in rebate. Verizon is also offering flagship smartphones for as low as $15 per month when you switch to Verizon, sign up for an unlimited data plan, and trade in a smartphone. Devices like the iPhone 7, Google Pixel, Galaxy S8, and LG G6 can be had for $15 per month, while the iPhone 7 Plus, Galaxy S8+, and Moto Z Force Droid are $20 per month. The smartphones that are eligible for trade-in with this deal include iPhone SE, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+, Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge and S6 edge+, Galaxy Note 4 and Note 5, Google Pixel and Pixel XL, Moto Z Droid, Moto Z Force, Moto Z Play, Droid Turbo 2, LG G4, LG G5, LG G6, LG V10, LG V20, HTC One M9, and HTC 10. On top of this smartphone discount deal, Verizon is offering a $100 Amazon gift card when you switch to Verizon and add another line of service. Finally, Verizon says that if you’re already on its network and want to upgrade, you can get the Pixel or Pixel XL for as low as $15 per month with trade-in. Source:  Verizon Android iOS Business and Money Verizon Wireless Previous ArticleAndroid O will come to the Nokia 6, Nokia 5, and Nokia 3 Next ArticleQualcomm intros Quick Charge 4+, which charges 15 percent faster than Quick Charge 4 Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Android O will come to the Nokia 6, Nokia 5, and Nokia 3 Google confirms Chrome ad blocker coming in 2018 ZTE Nubia Z17 debuts with Snapdragon 835, up to 8GB of RAM T-Mobile launching two iPhone deals today View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A30 Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel GO FLIP Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung ANS H450R Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry KEYone BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life One X2 BLU Life One X2 Mini BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio J5 BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Avail Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Essential Phone Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC U11 HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P10 Huawei P10 Plus Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch Huawei Watch 2 i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aristo LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG G6 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG Harmony LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K20 plus LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG Phoenix 3 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Risio LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spree LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Stylo 3 LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto C Plus Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto G5 Moto G5 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Polaroid A4 Polaroid A5 Polaroid A6 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Active Samsung Galaxy S8+ Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal Z-320 ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE MAX XL ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Prestige 2 ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 6GB AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Unlimited AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited AT&T Unlimited Choice AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Plus AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile Unlimited Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $11 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $11 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $125 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $125 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $13 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $150 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $175 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $200 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $7 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 2GB Single Line Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Prepaid T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 2GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 6GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data $50 TeltikOne Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus International Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Mobile Caring TPO Mobile Gentle TPO Mobile Hero TPO Mobile Infinity TPO Mobile Kind TPO Mobile Noble TPO Mobile North America TPO Mobile People's TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details Twigby 1000 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 200 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 500 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby Unlimited Talk and Text U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 300 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 5GB Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Unlimited Verizon Unlimited Prepaid Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB334MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB834MB900MB938MB2083MB1250MB1667MB3750MB6250MB7500MB8750MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Farewell from Marco! Marco Hanna 4 days 11 hours ago Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 Tablet Review Beau Hamilton 1 week 4 days ago 4 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 1 Alcatel A30 vs BLU R1 HD: Best Budget Smartphones Under $100 Beau Hamilton 2 weeks 3 days ago 8 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 0 1 1 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Review: Bigger Is Not Necessarily Better Beau Hamilton 2 weeks 6 days ago 42 shares 38 0 0 0 0 0 1 2 1 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG Stylo 2 V 1 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel XL 1 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: One Year Later 10 shares 2 5 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 Android 7.0 Nougat on OnePlus 3T 12 shares 2 3 0 0 0 0 4 2 1 Best Tech of January 2017! 14 shares 10 1 0 0 0 0 0 2 1 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG Stylo 2 V Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel XL Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG X Style Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T offering $10 DirecTV Now LG X venture is a rugged Android AT&T Galaxy S6, S6 edge, S6 AT&T to begin deprioritizing I’m not angry that apps to prevent AT&T 5G Evolution service now Samsung Galaxy S8 hardware won Sprint News Sprint planning for 5G rollout in Have you switched carriers to get Sprint Magic Box is an indoor Cell Phone Deals May 2017 Digest Sprint launches fifth Unlimited ZTE MAX XL packs 6-inch display Samsung Galaxy S8 hardware won T-Mobile News T-Mobile launching two iPhone T-Mobile Tuesdays celebrating one- Kyocera DuraForce Pro lands at T- T-Mobile Digits launching next T-Mobile tempting Verizon LG Stylo 3 Plus launches at T- T-Mobile LG G6 BOGO deal now Verizon Wireless Verizon launching new prepaid Verizon offering free Google Home Moto Z2 Play official with thinner ASUS ZenFone AR will launch at Verizon LG Watch Sport has been Cell Phone Deals May 2017 Digest T-Mobile CEO says Verizon network PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Odd News Google: 'Beautiful,' 'pneumonia' among America's most misspelled words By Daniel Uria   |   June 1, 2017 at 4:33 PM Follow @oddnewsupi Comments We've made a few corrections to the legend. This is the one to use pic.twitter.com/0Z8fUlzmHc— GoogleTrends (@GoogleTrends) May 30, 2017 June 1 (UPI) -- Google Trends released a report of the most misspelled words in each state based on search results for the phrase "how to spell." Google released the map of "America's Most Misspelled Words" in honor of the 90th Scripps National Spelling Bee, which began on Wednesday. The map compiled data from Jan. 1 to April 30, 2017 to determine which words Americans most commonly searched how to spell. Residents of California, Minnesota, New York and Kentucky struggled to spell the world "beautiful" and residents of Washington, Alabama, Maine and Michigan had difficulty with "pneumonia," making those the most commonly misspelled words. Other words that plagued people in multiple states included "schedule," "tomorrow," "maintenance" and "hallelujah." People in the state of Wisconsin regularly double-checked the spelling of their state's name, as they most commonly searched for how to spell "Wisconsin." Residents of Massachusetts had the same issue in 2016, but increased the degree of difficulty significantly in 2017 as they most commonly searched for how to spell "supercalifragilisticexpialidocious." Google Trends also experienced a spelling error of its own as the original version of the map misspelled "ninety," the most commonly searched word in Maryland, but later shared a corrected version. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Scripps National Spelling Bee: How to watch School's misspelled 'enterance' sign went unnoticed for months Fourth-grade teacher gives students 'fake' spelling test for April Fools' Day Comments Topics: Google Latest Headlines Squirrels steal Texas veteran's flags to build patriotic nest 9 hours ago ago June 4 (UPI) -- A Texas veteran's heartbreak at having several U.S. flags stolen from his front yard turned to laughter when he discovered the culprits -- squirrels. Police: Papa John's workers delivered cocaine in pizza boxes 10 hours ago ago June 4 (UPI) -- Authorities in Washington state said employees at a Papa John's pizzeria were selling cocaine at the restaurant and delivering the drugs in pizza boxes. Opossum mother-of-the-year carries 12 babies on her back 11 hours ago ago June 4 (UPI) -- A worker at a Wisconsin archery range captured video of an unusual visit from a hard-working opossum mother carrying a dozen babies on her back. Canadian man calmly mows lawn with tornado behind him 15 hours ago ago June 4 (UPI) -- A Canadian man's commitment to lawn care is going viral after his wife snapped a photo of him mowing the grass with a tornado looming behind him. Kentucky authorities rescue dachshund stuck in tree stump 1 day ago ago June 3 (UPI) -- Police in Kentucky helped rescue a dachshund that found itself stuck in a hole in the bottom of a tree in a local cemetery. Trending Stories Canadian man calmly mows lawn with tornado behind him Police: Papa John's workers delivered cocaine in pizza boxes Squirrels steal Texas veteran's flags to build patriotic nest Opossum mother-of-the-year carries 12 babies on her back Nebraska woman finds 'angry' snake in bed Photos Michael Bay honored at Hollywood handprint ceremony Hugh Jackman attends the 'Logan' premiere in Tokyo President Trump visits the Middle East Stars showcase their films at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Kevin Hart, Kristen Schaal attend 'Captain Underpants' premiere in Los Angeles Ringling Bros. performs final shows in New York Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch How Apple may compete with Amazon’s Echo and Google Home The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Hayley Tsukayama By Hayley Tsukayama June 1 Follow @htsuka The Apple logo at a store in San Francisco's Union Square. (Eric Risberg/AP) Speculation over what Apple will do to compete in the home hub market is spinning up ahead of Apple's annual developers conference next week, where many analysts expect the company to confirm the project. And what will be the Apple home hub's distinguishing feature? It may be sound quality, according a report from Bloomberg News. The Siri-infused speaker will really focus on producing quality surround sound and may also have a feature that can measure the room it's in and adjust its sound accordingly, the report said. Although there were no details on how this room-adapting feature works, it sounds similar to one already on Sonos speakers, called Trueplay, that uses the microphone in an iOS device to measure a room. Apple declined to comment on the report. Focusing on sound quality would give Apple an advantage, particularly given its historical strength in music, if it moves to another front in its war against Google and Amazon.com. Both of those companies already have smart speakers on the market that integrate with their services, but they aren't going to challenge Bose or other high-end speaker systems. Still, it will be stiff competition. Both Google and Amazon are continually adding features to their devices and the voice assistants they house. Google, at its own developers conference, announced that its Google Home will work with more devices, thanks to a Bluetooth connection, as well as even deeper integration with its own services. And Amazon on Thursday announced that its Echo line of smart home hubs now lets users further customize their reminders and timers on the device — a small but useful update for two core uses of these devices. (Amazon chief executive Jeffrey P. Bezos is the owner of The Washington Post.) Apart from focusing on sound quality, Apple will also have to find ways to leverage its own ecosystem of services — iTunes, the App Store, HomeKit, Siri and more — to convince potential buyers that its hub is right for them. It's not yet clear how Apple will do this, although Bloomberg reports that there will be “deep integration” with Apple services. However, contrary to prior reports from analysts, the Bloomberg report said Apple's home hub will not have a screen. That could mean it won't compete, as expected, with Amazon's recent Echo Look — a home hub that allows for video calling and potentially threatens Apple's FaceTime. Still, Apple has laid some groundwork in the home hub space before, by allowing some smart home devices such as lightbulbs to be controlled through its Apple TV, and prominently featuring its own apps for the living room. A smart speaker that builds on what Apple TV has offered would give users more flexibility to decide where to place their home hub. business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 10+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. Follow @htsuka 13 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it 2 Michael Bloomberg pledges his own money to help U.N. after Trump pulls out of Paris climate deal 3 Farmers decry Trump plans to cut agriculture subsidies 4 Analysis Trump wanted to preside over an economic boom. What if growth stalls before it starts? 5 Gwen Stefani, Blake Shelton, and calls for better pay: Inside Walmart’s annual shareholder meeting The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA 0.29% NASDAQ 0.94% Get quote Last Update: 06/04/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Sideways Dictionary Created by See More Analogies or Add Your Own Sponsored by Sponsored by Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google can now understand language with 95% accuracy Newsby Edgar Cervantes3 days ago 15 391 14 Mary Meeker’s yearly Internet Trends Report can tell us plenty of what’s going on in the interwebs. Smartphone growth is slowing down, live TV is dying, internet usage is booming in India, and Netflix is all the hype. That is all to be expected, but there is one piece of information that really impressed us. Apparently Google is now able to understand language with a 95% accuracy, rivaling human beings. Google’s jump from 80% in 2013 is credited to the search giant’s algorithms, which allow these services to learn as more users continue to utilize voice actions. Either these statistics are flawed or I am a horrible speaker, but I swear about 30% of the time Google Home has no idea what the heck I’m saying. But hey, I am not here to refute Mary’s arguments. After all, she does have all the numbers. The truth is it is still impressive we can ask a robot to tell us about the weather, traffic or that joke I wake up to on a daily basis. And it can respond intelligently (at least most of the time). See also: Google Home review – the future of the home? November 18, 2016 So let’s assume Google can understand us as well as the next door neighbor. Where do we go from now? Well, we can still tell the digital assistant is… a digital assistant. The next step is fooling humans into thinking they are speaking to another person. Author Ray Kurzweil is working with Google to make chatbots, and he claims artificial intelligence should be able to pass the Turing test by 2029. This means people wouldn’t be able to differentiate it from human speech. Crazy, right? Do hit the comments if you agree with me. Do you think Google can really understand us with a 95% accuracy? I don’t think that’s the case, at least in my experience. News Google Google  KPCB  Recode Edgar Cervantes Edgar Cervantes has over 5 years of experience in tech journalism. Exploring the latest gadgets and constantly studying the industry are part of is daily drive. Regardless of what he is working on, you can be sure he is always trying his best to bring you the best content. He will be dead honest and will bend to nothing. Show 15 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 14 hours ago25 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Digital Trends Home > Computing > Google uses ‘Wonder Woman’ to inspire… Google uses ‘Wonder Woman’ to inspire next generation of female programmers By Adam Ismail — Updated June 1, 2017 6:37 am Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you The tech industry still suffers from an overwhelming lack of diversity, and programs like this one could help change that in the future. A recent study co-published by Google and Gallup states that just 48 percent of girls between seventh and 12th grade are “very confident” they could learn computer science, compared to 65 percent of boys. An International Game Developers Survey from 2014 estimated that although the percentage of female game developers had more than doubled since 2009, women still only represented less than a quarter of the industry. Clearly there’s an imbalance that has pervaded the field. And although tech companies have made strides in terms of representation, there’s still much work ahead. Even Google, it must be said, has come under fire in recent years for failing to do enough to fix the lack of diversity within its walls — especially where equal pay is concerned. And that brings us to this week. On Friday, Wonder Woman hits theaters, and Google is using the opportunity to take action. The company has developed an interactive coding project to introduce girls to the fundamentals of the trade. The experience will allow budding programmers to recreate three unique scenes from the movie. Meanwhile, the DC Legends mobile RPG available through the Play Store has been updated with new missions where gamers can play as Wonder Woman. The coding project is being headed up by Made With Code, Google’s initiative to empower young women to pursue careers in computer science — whether they have some tech know-how or none at all. It will be accompanied by an advance screening of the film, where 100 teen girls from the Los Angeles area will be invited to see Wonder Woman before getting the opportunity to try the programming experience for themselves. Google is hoping that by helping girls become acquainted with the basics, it can chip away at societal norms and stereotypes that push women away from technical industries like computer science. A great deal of the pressure is exerted at home and in schooling — so much so that Made With Code concludes “encouragement from adults and peers is the No. 1 contributor to a teen girl’s decision to pursue computer science.” Those interested can visit Made With Code to explore other projects similar to the Wonder Woman one. Additionally, parents and teachers can use the site’s resources to discover ways to introduce programming to the young women in their lives.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Google is going to launch an ad-blocker inside Chrome, but has a plan to soften the blow Google's ad blocker is reportedly coming next year Google won't suddenly start blocking ads in Chrome It'll give publishers a six month lead to get things in order first, the WSJ says Todd Haselton | @robotodd Thursday, 1 Jun 2017 | 4:05 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Beck Diefenbach | Reuters Google CEO Sundar Pichai takes the stage during the presentation of new Google hardware in San Francisco on Oct. 4, 2016. Google has a plan to block ads inside Chrome, which could mean big problems for media companies, but it has a plan to soften the blow. The company won't just flip a switch and leave publishers out in the cold. Instead, Google will give publishers a 6-month lead time to get things in order, according to The Wall Street Journal. Publishers will have access to a new tool that'll let them know whether or not their ads are deemed unacceptable by the Coalition for Better Ads. The move may end up hurting smaller sites that rely on lower-quality ads the most, since those types of ads are more prevalent on sites that don't generate as much traffic as much larger publishers. The Coalition for Better Ads' website identifies both desktop and mobile web ads that it deems unacceptable for end-user experiences. show chapters Google assistant is ‘definitely useful’, says director    Thursday, 1 Jun 2017 | 4:12 AM ET | 01:44 The unacceptable list includes pop-ups, ads that auto-play with sound, ads that appear before the homepage loads, and large sticky ads on the desktop. On mobile, it expands the unacceptable ads to include full-screen scrollover ads, flashing animated ads and ad density higher than 30 percent. Alphabet relies heavily on Google's ad business, which generated $21.4 billion in revenue during the first quarter of 2017. Google's move is likely to encourage Chrome users to turn off existing ad blockers, allowing a larger percentage of high-quality ads to still present themselves. In turn, that might increase Google's ever-important click-through rate. Google hasn't yet said exactly when the new ad filter will launch in Chrome, but it's expected next year. A Google spokesperson was not immediately available for comment. Watch: Google's upgraded London HQ show chapters Google's HQ in London is getting a brand new $1B upgrade    Thursday, 1 Jun 2017 | 3:23 PM ET | 00:43 Todd HaseltonTechnology Product Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Cities Austin Dallas Houston San Antonio Fort Worth City Guide Events Video Restaurants + Bars Entertainment Arts Society City Life Fashion + Beauty Real Estate Home + Design Innovation Travel Cities Austin Dallas Houston San Antonio Fort Worth GO GO Restaurants + Bars THE LATEST Drive-Thru Gourmet Long John Silver's Homestyle Buttermilk Cod serves up Southern comfort By Ken Hoffman Play With Your Food The best kid-friendly Austin restaurants that parents will love too By Shelley Seale Save La Perla One of East Austin's last cantinas stars in upcoming documentary By Claudia Alarcon SPONSORED BY Entertainment THE LATEST Movie Review Wonder Woman falls prey to paint-by-numbers filmmaking By Alex Bentley Movie Time Austin's only drive-in movie theater debuts saloon and pop-up location By Nicole Raney For the Ladies Austin mayor responds to backlash over women-only movie screening By Nicole Raney SPONSORED BY Arts THE LATEST Anything but Rotten Broadway in Austin’s showstopping season closes with Something Rotten! By Meredith Rainey 12th and Chicon Beloved Austin mural painted over — artist shocked and disappointed By KVUE Public Art International artist Ai Weiwei's stunning sculptures emerge in Austin By Nicole Raney SPONSORED BY Society THE LATEST Battle of the Bands Businesses rock out at record-breaking event for Austin musicians By Nicole Raney Texas Women for the Arts Artsy Texas women converge in Austin for this big affair By Nicole Raney Garden Party Gems Austinites toast artsy icon at colorful garden party By Nicole Raney SPONSORED BY City Guide THE LATEST Entertainment Lake Pflugerville Park Restaurants Banger's Sausage House & Beer Garden Restaurants Carmelo's SPONSORED BY Events THE LATEST 6.5.17 | 9:00 am William Reaves | Sarah Foltz Fine Art presents "Of Texas Rivers and Texas Art" 6.5.17 | 5:00 pm Italic presents Negroni Week Kick-Off Party 6.5.17 | 6:30 pm Hyatt Regency Austin presents Pints and Poses SPONSORED BY Subscribe City Life THE LATEST Hot Headlines Austin restaurant closures shake up this week's most popular stories By Nicole Raney Summer in Austin Here are the most popular places to go in Austin this summer By Nicole Raney Insect Alert See where Austin ranks on the list of worst cities for mosquitoes By John Egan SPONSORED BY Fashion + Beauty THE LATEST Grand Opening Austin jewelry designer debuts new storefront — for limited time only By Paige Turner International Appeal Austin Fashion Week mesmerizes with first show of its kind By Shelley Neuman Style File Austin designer's new collection promotes girl power with every stitch By Paige Turner SPONSORED BY Real Estate THE LATEST Love This Listing Austin philanthropist's jaw-dropping estate hits market for millions By Justine Harrington Homebuyer Blues This is how much millennials need to save to buy a home in Austin By Nicole Raney Real Estate Report Austin housing market poised for another hot summer, says new report By Nicole Raney SPONSORED BY Home + Design THE LATEST Best-kept Secret Austin's best-kept secret hosts spectacular estate sale By Arden Ward Houzz Home Tour Texas builder's country home embraces outdoor living to the fullest By Becky Harris, Houzz Green Thumb 6 expert ways to save on your garden renovation By Lauren Dunec Hoang, Houzz SPONSORED BY Innovation THE LATEST Wheels in Motion New ride-hailing service arrives in Austin — but it’s not like Uber By John Egan Development Update Affordable mixed-use community in East Austin adds innovative partner By Nicole Raney Entrepreneurial Endeavors Coworking giant offers big bucks to budding Austin entrepreneurs By Nicole Raney SPONSORED BY Travel THE LATEST Really, It's True Austin ranks among America's best summer vacation spots By Clifford Pugh Lackluster Landmark? Legendary Texas landmark dissed as worst tourist trap By John Egan Traveling Texas The ultimate guide to the 10 best places to camp across Texas By Lauramay LaChance SPONSORED BY Video CM Events Home » City Life Insect Alert See where Austin ranks on the list of worst cities for mosquitoes On the Road Again Uber and Lyft ready to return to Austin — and it may mean lower rates LATEST NEWS Here are the top 5 things to do in Austin this weekend Summer in Austin Here are the most popular places to go in Austin this summer Here are the most popular places to go in Austin this summer By Nicole Raney 6.1.17 | 2:15 pm Of course The Oasis is Austin's most popular summer restaurant. Photo Courtesy of Oasis Austin Austinites are all about patios, burgers, and outdoor adventures during the summer months. That's according to new data from Google Maps, which shows the top trending summer destinations in the city. Google defines Austin's top trending places as the locations that experienced the highest increase in directions requests during the summertime, from the Friday before Memorial Day through Labor Day. The tech giant provides a breakdown for the most popular bars, restaurants, tourist attractions, and parks in the Capital City. Here they are: Top trending bars: TopGolf Draft Pick Spider House Cafe and Ballroom The Dogwood Rock Rose Mean Eyed Cat Irene's Moontower Saloon Flying Saucer RIO The Highball Top trending restaurants: The Oasis on Lake Travis In-N-Out Burger Hula Hut Shake Shack Hopdoddy Burger Bar Sonic Drive-In The Salt Lick BBQ Verde's Mexican Parilla & Tequileria Chick-fil-A Trudy's Texas Star Top trending tourist attractions: Sculpture Falls Twin Falls Inner Space Cavern Congress Avenue Bridge Statesman Bat Observation Center University of Texas Tower Texas State Capitol Cathedral of Junk Lockout Austin Stevie Ray Vaughan statue Top trending parks: McKinney Falls State Park Auditorium Shores Hippie Hollow Zilker Park Elizabeth Milburn Park & Pool Emma Long Metropolitan Park Barton Creek Greenbelt Bull Creek District Park Southwest Williamson County Regional Park Champion Park Read These Next Austin restaurant closures shake up this week's most popular stories See where Austin ranks on the list of worst cities for mosquitoes Legendary Texas landmark dissed as worst tourist trap Austin restaurant closures shake up this week's most popular stories See where Austin ranks on the list of worst cities for mosquitoes Legendary Texas landmark dissed as worst tourist trap Comments Latest News Trending Now Austin restaurant closures shake up this week's most popular stories Long John Silver's Homestyle Buttermilk Cod serves up Southern comfort Wonder Woman falls prey to paint-by-numbers filmmaking The best kid-friendly Austin restaurants that parents will love too A remodel as pretty and detailed as this Austin home is a rare find - promoted - See All Latest News > Austin restaurant closures shake up this week's most popular stories This is how much millennials need to save to buy a home in Austin The 12 best swimming holes in and around Austin Austin philanthropist's jaw-dropping estate hits market for millions New ride-hailing service arrives in Austin — but it’s not like Uber 5/4 See all the big ways this South Texas casino is welcoming spring 3/28 Win big while escaping to South Texas' premier casino 11/28 This South Texas casino is stuffing your stocking this holiday season 6/2 A remodel as pretty and detailed as this Austin home is a rare find 5/31 Austin meets Old World at this Venetian-inspired villa right on the water 5/24 This Austin Realtor delivers her clients the perfect pairing 5/10 Where to eat in Austin right now: 7 hottest new restaurants for spring 4/21 Where to eat in Austin right now: 10 top dog-friendly eateries 3/13 Where to eat in Austin right now: 11 best restaurants for SXSW dining Home | About Us | News Tips & Suggestions | Submit An Event | Advertise | Jobs | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy © 2017 CultureMap LLC. All Rights Reserved. We will not share or sell your email address Newsletters for exploring your city Please verify your e-mail by following the link we just sent you. Look for an e-mail from CultureMap <mailer@culturemap.co>
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping case by August -sources Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States U.S. Legal News | Thu Jun 1, 2017 | 2:59pm EDT Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping case by August -sources By Foo Yun Chee | BRUSSELS BRUSSELS EU antitrust regulators aim to slap a hefty fine on Alphabet unit Google over its shopping service before the summer break in August, two people familiar with the matter said, setting the stage for two other cases involving the U.S. company. The European Commission's decision will come after a seven-year investigation into the world's most popular internet search engine triggered by scores of complaints from both U.S. and European rivals. The EU competition authority accused Google in April 2015 of distorting internet search results to favour its shopping service, harming both rivals and consumers. The Commission and Google declined to comment. The U.S. company has in the past rejected the charges, saying that regulators ignored competition from online retailers Amazon and eBay Inc. Fines for companies found guilty of breaching EU antitrust rules can reach 10 percent of their global turnover, which in Google's case could be about $9 billion of its 2016 turnover. Apart from the fine, the Commission will tell Google to stop its alleged anti-competitive practices but it is not clear what measures it will order the company to adopt to ensure that rivals get equal treatment in internet shopping results. The regulator could set out general principles or specific instructions for Google to follow, said an observer. The Commission's tough line is in sharp contrast with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission which settled its own web search case with the company in 2013 by requiring Google to stop "scraping" reviews and other data from rival websites for its own products. Google made three unsuccessful attempts to settle the case with the previous European Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia in a bid to stave off a possible fine and a finding of wrongdoing. Almunia's successor Margrethe Vestager, however, has shown no willingness to settle with Google. The company has also been charged with using its Android mobile operating system to squeeze out rivals and with blocking competitors in online search advertising related to its "AdSense for Search" platform. The platform allows Google to act as an intermediary for websites such as online retailers, telecoms operators or newspapers. The Commission has warned of massive fines in both cases. Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In U.S. Legal News Dollar Express sues Dollar Tree for driving it out of business WASHINGTON U.S. discount retailer Dollar Express has filed a lawsuit accusing rival Family Dollar and its parent company Dollar Tree Inc of driving it out of business, the third government-required divestiture to fail in recent years. Former tuna company executive accused of price-fixing WASHINGTON A former tuna company executive faces one charge of conspiring with officials from other tuna companies to fix the price of canned seafood from 2011 to 2013, according to a court filing. Fate of Trump travel ban hinges on emergency U.S. Supreme Court request WASHINGTON President Donald Trump faces an uphill fight convincing the Supreme Court it should grant his emergency request to reinstate his travel ban on people entering the United States from six predominantly Muslim countries. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Gboard v6.3 enables search suggestions in the Google app and widget for some Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/06/01 9:32am PDTJun 1, 2017 39 Plus 1 on G+ 77 Share on Facebook 43 Share on Twitter Total Shares159 Applications News Google dropped a new version of Gboard last night, which includes a number of cool improvements to search. Some people are reporting another interesting feature in the form of Google search suggestions int he Google app and widget. Not everyone seems to have this, though. On older versions of Gboard, the keyboard's suggestion bar disappears when doing a search. That's still what it looks like for myself and most other AP staff after the update to v6.3. However, we've heard from a not insignificant number of people who are seeing the suggestion bar. This appears when searching via the Google widget and within the Google app. It seems to work just like the suggestion bar elsewhere. Start typing, and the keyboard guesses what word you might want to use next based on your typing history and the power of Google's prediction engine. Just grab the new version of Gboard and open a search to see if you've got it. Download QR-Code Gboard - the Google Keyboard Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Thanks: Zachary Kew-Denniss, Kapil Adhikesavalu, and everyone else Tags app updates apps gboard Google search subscribe ... Previous Story Motorola reveals the Moto Z2 Play with a smaller 3,000mAh battery and new Moto Mods ... Next Story Epic Little War Game is the first new title in the series in three years, and it's out today Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Suicide_Note Can confirm i have this on my XL. Also had a nice little dog paw on my spacebar, until a separate update this morning removed it. Artem Russakovskii Yes https://plus.google.com/+ArtemRussakovskii/posts/aYxevnQNXK7 https://plus.google.com/+ArtemRussakovskii/posts/BsXuhKZQbmz F4LL0U7 I got that too, briefly. I think they accidentally pushed out the dogfood version. mike shwilly Somehow the suggestions/corrections bar doesn't even appear for me on menus like that. Anyone got a clue? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fcf5ae1af260f403d6fe67b4a16960601a0f678f624415845c966be49de6c152.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/7db6affa5d2544f41d448de7188c46494be0ca138cb1088830fd557174531b65.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0729dbe9f8f2b6951428091c0dc20c66822aa0bd1fb3d8c8198fba4181bd896a.png Artem Russakovskii That's the mystery - I'm not seeing suggestions either, but many are. mike shwilly I think i had this problem since Nexus 5. It has always been really annoying. Suicide_Note Deftones are a terrible band. Hurricane Andrew I still do not see it on my S7 Edge. I wonder if launcher choice makes a difference. I use Action Launcher. Would be interesting to know what launcher people who are and are not seeing this are using. Yuri Vidal on my s7 it works. are you a beta tester? i also dont use touchwiz launcher. the suggestion bar works for me on chrome, and on google app too. jkl888 I see the suggestions on my phone Artem Russakovskii I'm on the Pixel Launcher, tried both Google app 7.2 and 7.3, and Gboard 6.2 and 6.3, and I don't have this. Reply and post your launcher, Google App version, and Gboard version, and whether you have suggestions or not. Armando Rodriguez Have you notice that the "short" height is shorter than previous versions? abqnm Are you on an S8 or G6? They tweaked some proportions on the odd aspect ratio devices. The S8 doesn't have the hugely tall spacebar anymore, which may be why it seems that way. If you're not on one of those I'm not sure as it seems the same to me. Armando Rodriguez Nexus 5 DPI at 420 Raz Have it. Nova Beta, GBoard 6.3.15.157483061-arm64-v8a, Google app 7.3.19.21.arm64. The new GBoard just asked for access to my SMS to improve the suggestions. Bruno Logerfo wait since when there's a dark theme for the google widget? João Ricardo He problaby has a theme kervation I am using a Google Pixel XL with the stock pixel launcher, running Google app version 7.3.19.21 & Google Gboard version 6.3.15.157483061. I have the suggestion bar for the Google app and also the Chrome beta browser and regular Chrome browser. I also have search suggestions show up when typing in the Google app. JATIN BANSAL I think this is also new. Earlier in dark themes, they used to have a white glow around emoji but now it is gone. I like it now https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c8bcc901c9f60b97c05dc467df6fa4838f96cabcfbf6421714f5ec7189958205.png roberto.elena I wished the keyboard had a dynamic theme that would change automatically based on the app being used, like the status bar does: Youtube = red, WhatsApp = green, Facebook = blue, etc. thegrau There's a third party keyboard that does exactly that. Can't remember the name, but I believe it's based on AOSP Yuri Vidal chroma keyboard Łukasz Ordon There is also Xposed module that can do that... I used to use it but the framework is not available for 7.0+ yet... Adriannacsmith Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dy165c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dy165c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs455DirectDriveGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dy165c:....,...... EmirSc minium has this. thecoolkid Thank god! I hated the glow, not very material design... Lexster Okay, but...when will they put a freaking space after punctuation? It's not that difficult, but after using Swiftkey, I really can't get used to having to put a space after punctuation. catalysto I would NOT want that. Don't need my OCD flaring up with unnecessary spaces. Though, sure, it should probably be an option. Lexster How are spaces after periods of sentences unnecessary? hype67 In acronyms, when the dot doesn't denote the end of a sentence. As decimals. Others situations I can't remember off the top of my head. Lexster USe acronyms with periods a lot, do you? I can't remember the last time I did. It's not generally required for acronyms. You put FBI, not F. B. I. But, yes, it's a little annoying with decimals, but that can generally be programmed to recognize if the space isn't needed. Swiftkey often does. It misses sometimes, sure, but usually works well. If a field needs an IP address, it usually knows this and doesn't put a space. And yes, it can be annoying with website names, but it's much easier to backspace every once in awhile than have to hit space after every single period or question mark. Łukasz Ordon Just press space twice :P It puts full stop AND a space after it... Lexster Yes, but I prefer having the space after punctuation. Doesn't require two taps of the space bar. And it only enters periods. Łukasz Ordon Oh well... You can't make everyone happy... Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Typing URLs and email addresses is a giant pain in SwiftKey. catalysto When it's the last sentence. Lexster Okay? Well, it doesn't add a space until you type a letter, so if it's the last sentence, there wouldn't be a space unless you typed something else. catalysto A period does not always signify the end of a sentence though. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman So glad it doesn't do that. One of the worst things in SwiftKey. Typing URLs and email addresses was such a giant pain in the ass. Hitting space after I type a period isn't a big deal to me AT ALL. Especially since I'm used to typing on a keyboard anyway, so do it automatically. Lexster There some reason it can't be an option? Or do you think because you don't want it that no one should? Jarrett Lennon Kaufman You didn't indicate an option. An option might be okay, although I think it might break enough things as to cause them problems overall. Sometimes options that break the experience are left out to prevent frustration when users forget they're responsible for their own problem. ozzyager I do see suggestions when doing a search. I also recieved the dog bone version first, before being updated again shortly thereafter. Maybe just a coincidence? catalysto Same thing happened to me. It's still working after updating to the non-beta version, too. Though I'm in the beta program for Gboard, so maybe that has something to do with it? My version number is 6.3.15.157483061-arm64-v8a, in case anyone is curious. Łukasz Ordon That Gboard app version with dog paw should not be released publicly. It indicates 'dogfood' version (as googlers call it) which should be tested only inside Google. Dogfood is just debug version of normal app (don't quote me on that tho) ozzyager Correct. This is why I wondered if there was any connection between that version being released by accident to some, like myself, and only some seeing the suggestions when doing a search. Of course it might just be a server side update that is being tested, etc. Łukasz Ordon I've myself got dogfood version but shortly after (like 5 mins later) I've received another update with normal apk... Armv7 version btw :p roberto.elena It also gives suggestions in Chrome while in incognito mode. abqnm While that may be unwanted, it should be pointed out that it now gives suggestions in the Chrome address bar. Period. Previously it did not suggest anything at all in the Chrome address bar, incognito or no. I still don't have it in search though. It does work when typing to Assistant, but it may have done that previously. boop Can someone explain the nav bar in the second pic? Łukasz Ordon It's probably Pixel phone navbar... destinyhud pixel phone if u mean the down arrow then when u click a bar the left become a down arrow boop The color, I mean destinyhud thats probably Gboard's feature. maybe with 6.3 Hurricane Andrew Running Action Launcher 3, Google app version 7.3.19.21, Gboard version 6.3.15.157483061 and do not have the suggestions in the search app. Łukasz Ordon Talking about Google app itself... apparently, cards in Google Now feed have new design now https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5fbd4b5888c4ad6d684f6ab3ba7589a3354607b05f565c0b7aed404237d8d8dc.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ed878edc7fa830f93bf49db1a7d5c8b4267ae6cada762eb9d0e723312cd72c5a.png Łukasz Ordon Aaaaand it's gone... Now cards are normal for me... Take look at football match card (I mean the 'title' of it) https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/150e49575e0870a2a9ca2cf19dd64acd4a3c720df42161667388f2bc104c7a1b.png Federico Rios Im still here with the 5.2.1 version before it called Gboard in Android O DP2 and im SO HAPPY :D whispy_snippet I've never understood why this feature hasn't always existed. Teja The word prediction is the only thing I worry about. Swiftkey is way better than Gboard which made me to switch back to Swiftkey. Michael Oghia Does anyone else experience problems with the spell check feature? Sometimes I misspell a word, it tells me it's misspelled, but then doesn't offer any suggestions. It used to work better a few years ago (when it was still just keyboard or whatever it was called). Vratislav Jindra I would swear I had this yesterday. Today it disappeared. Stephen Diniz Search for emojis by drawing? :D https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/35659ac9a986709c60b979ddb14d2f0a6fb43fca949e34b15c66c9a6976e51d1.png Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 133 queries | 0.521s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google improves art searches with high-resolution images, interactive knowledge panels, and more Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/05/31 8:54am PDTMay 31, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 29 Share on Facebook 43 Share on Twitter Total Shares91 Google News Videos Google says people like art, and it would know. There are more than 500 million art-related searches on Google every month. The team from Google Arts & Culture got together with the search team to make these results more than just a list of images and Wikipedia links. Now, you'll see high-resolution collections, knowledge panels, better indoor Street View experiences, and more. The improvements are split into two distinct parts. If you head over to Google and do a search for an artist or artwork, the search engine will better understand how to help you explore the topic. You get an interactive knowledge panel with information on artists, related works, and more. There are also high-resolution images that you can zoom in to get a better look at. Google Street View is also getting some more art-friendly features. Specifically, the indoor Street View museum experiences. Google used machine learning to scan the walls of participating museums and identify works of art. When wandering through these places on the web and mobile app, you will see handy annotations next to each piece. Clicking on them takes you to a new page with more info and high-resolution images for zooming in close. Both these features are rolling out to users now. Keep an eye out. Source: Google Tags art Google search video subscribe ... Previous Story [Update: It's official] Android Pay is going live in Canada ... Next Story AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Grey I am excited for this. I hope it's also searchable to find new art. abc "more than just a list of images and Wikipedia links" Ha! That's what most Google searches are. Might as well call themselves Wiki search. Portzblitz Cools. I hope to be able to download them as well, when linked to Arts & Culture.. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 107 queries | 0.562s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google is fighting phishing with AI: Gmail update adds machine learning to spot fraudulent emails Includes early phishing detection and click-time warnings for malicious links  AI warns users if they are sending sensitive data to someone outside domain Will also delay messages in order to further investigate if they are compromised  By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 15:12 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 16:27 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail 10 shares 1 View comments Google has revealed its plan to fight phishing with machine learning. The search giant has introduced an update to Gmail with features to tackle fraudulent emails, including early detection, click-time warnings for malicious links and unintended external replies and built-in defenses against new threats. The update, although available to all Gmail customers, is largely geared towards helping companies keep their data secure. Scroll down for video  Google has introduced an update to Gmail with features to tackle fraudulent emails, including early detection, click-time warnings for malicious links and unintended external replies and built-in defenses against new threats GMAIL UPDATE  Google has introduced an update to Gmail with features to tackle fraudulent emails, including early detection, click-time warnings for malicious links and unintended external replies and built-in defenses against new threats.  These new models have combined a variety of techniques such as reputation and similarity analysis on URLs, allowing Google to generate new URL click-time warnings for phishing and malware links. It also selectively delays messages to perform rigorous phishing analysis and further protect user data from compromise. Google has adding unintended external reply warnings to its email service. This feature will prevent users from accidentally sending protected data to someone outside of their company. Google has already harnessed the power of machine learning to block spam and phishing messages - 'with over 99.9 percent accuracy,' Andy Wen, senior product manager at Google claimed in an announcement. He continued to explain that about 50 to 70 percent of messages sent through Gmail are spam. 'We're continuing to improve spam detection accuracy with early phishing detection, a dedicated machine learning model that selectively delays messages (less than 0.05 percent of messages on average) to perform rigorous phishing analysis and further protect user data from compromise,' Wen explained.  The new detection models have integrated with Google Safe Browsing machine learning technologies in order to sniff out and identify potentially dangerous URLS. These new models have combined a variety of techniques such as reputation and similarity analysis on URLs, allowing Google to generate new URL click-time warnings for phishing and malware links. And the more patterns that are found, the faster the models become at finding threats. Additionally, Google is adding unintended external reply warnings to its email service. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Climate change could kill off coastal nesting birds: Study... Women ALWAYS regret one-night stands more than men and... Words With Friends app adds President Trump's 'covfefe' to... Facebook and Google increase efforts to crackdown on hate... Share this article Share This feature will prevent users from accidentally sending protected data to someone outside of their company. For example, if you are set to share a confidential document to someone outside of your domain, a warning will appear underneath the recipient stating 'the recipient does not belong in your organization and is not in your list of contacts. The new detection models have integrated with Google Safe Browsing machine learning technologies in order to sniff out and identify potentially dangerous URLS PHISHING ON GMAIL  Earlier this month, a malicious email wreaked havoc on Gmail. Users were asked to click on the link, which ultimate gives the hackers behind the attack access to the contents of their Google accounts, including email, contacts and documents. Clicking the malicious link takes users to a what looks like a Google-hosted page that presents them with a list of their accounts. The page asks users to select one of their accounts and provide an app called 'Google Docs'. Once you press 'allow', the Google Docs app, which was developed by the cyber trouble makers, can now sift through your emails and contacts, allowing it to continue the infected chain-mail. Although it may seem harmless, experts warn that these hackers now have access to your Google account and any personal information inside.  'Be careful with sensitive information'. However, Wen explained that the AI is capable of decipher between who is or is not someone who you interact with regularly. 'Security threats are constantly evolving and we're always looking for ways to help people protect their data,' Wen explained. Google is adding unintended external reply warnings to its email service. This feature will prevent users from accidentally sending protected data to someone outside of their company 'With new built-in defenses against ransomware and polymorphic malware, Gmail now blocks millions of additional emails that can harm users.' 'We classify new threats by combining thousands of spam, malware and ransomware signals with attachment heuristics (emails that could be threats based on signals) and sender signatures (already marked malware).'    Share or comment on this article e-mail 10 shares Most watched News videos Graphic footage of London attack victim with serious neck injury Shocking dashcam footage shows people fleeing scene of terror attack Hero Londoners try to save victims of city's latest terror attack Bloodied man led to safety through a cordon of armed police Moment gunshots are heard outside a restaurant in London Bridge Police tell drinkers to 'get down immediately' in London bar Exclusive: Armed police order people to the floor in Barking Horrific moment man randomly hits 90-year-old with cane in NYC Shocking moment woman blocks young boy from brutal crash This cat wants out! Owner argues with cat who wants to go outside Theresa May says 'enough is enough' after London terror attack Woman heard crying in fear as police evacuate Borough Market Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as... 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to... Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror... KATIE HOPKINS: You’re right, Theresa. We cannot go on... Armed police arrest 12 - including four women - at East... 'Stay with me, please, I love you': Bystanders rush to... Trump condemns London Mayor after terror attack:... Harrowing dashcam footage reveals trail of devastation on... Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation... Body of Manchester terror victim Eilidh MacLeod, 14, is... 'He's a soldier': Father-of-three stabbed FOUR times by... Desperate families beg for information on 'missing' loved... Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he... ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge... Bystander caught in police crossfire was shot in the head... 'Bit of pain but I'll survive': Australian waitress, 31,... Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am slammed... 'Piece of s***': President Trump comes under fire over... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 1 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Secrets of the Thirty Years' War soldiers exposed: Mass grave of 47 men who died in battle 400 years ago... Shimmering lights spotted near 'Britain's UFO capital' spark rumours of another extra-terrestrial sighting San Diego's Rose Canyon fault is MORE dangerous than thought and could trigger a massive earthquake that... What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a... 'They were hauling a big creature': New footage reveals what Deputy Sheriff said he saw at Roswell, in UFO... MIT scientists say Trump misrepresented their work and didn't check with them when he said Paris climate... The instantly rechargeable battery that could revolutionize electric cars (and mean you'll never have to sit... The 'kill vehicle' that could blast North Korea's missiles out of the sky: Pentagon fast tracks $260m... Siri set to get supercharged as Apple declares war on Amazon's Alexa US Army reveals Cold War Stinger anti aircraft missile will be used to shoot down DRONES in battle against... Want to buy sexy clothes? It might be in your hormones: Women are more inclined to buy raunchy outfits in... LA train tunnel diggers find fossilised hip bone of giant 1,500 pound sloth that roamed the area 11,000... US Navy reveals mini drone that can scour a beach for mines before Marines land What it's like to fly over Jupiter: Astronomers turn just 36 of NASA'S Juno images into a stunning movie Would YOU ride the world's fastest elevator? Chinese skyscraper visitors hit record-breaking speed of 47 mph MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Daddy's not-so-little girl! Danny DeVito is dwarfed by daughter Lucy as they attend Drama Desk Awards in NYC Huge comedy star  'Do not be afraid': Ariana Grande's heroic mother Joan shares empowering message as she joins fans in the crowd at One Love concert in Manchester  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador She looks like a winner! Nominee Kate Walsh sizzles in a satin dress at Drama Desk Awards in NYC The 49-year-old actress wore a silky ivory top 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Pretty little traveler: Make-up free Lucy Hale is casual chic as she dons pink bomber jacket and ripped denim for flight out of LA Has quit alcohol  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  Game Of Thrones fans MIGHT have to wait until 2019 for final season... as HBO cautions there won't be a spin-off any time soon More teasing delays Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting She's a star in stripes! Laura Linney wears wide bright panel dress as she wins top honor at Drama Desk Awards The 53-year-old actress was a star in stripes  Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Australian actor Hugh Sheridan claims he and Rebel Wilson visited a 'secret apartment' in Disneyland after the actress said she was related to Walt Disney Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Do you know how clean water gets to your home? Study finds only 7% of Americans know how the system works - and many attribute it to 'magic' 37 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path BlueApron ChromeAdBlocking EssentialVsGalaxyS8 ParisClimateDeal HighTechCities Menu Home/ News & Analysis/ Rumor: Apple Planning Siri Speaker Rumor: Apple Planning Siri Speaker By Tom Brant June 1, 2017 01:16pm EST 10 Comments A standalone Siri speaker would help Apple better compete against the likes of Google Home and Amazon Echo, according to Bloomberg. Look for it at WWDC next week. Apple is set to bring Siri to a standalone speaker akin to the Google Home or Amazon Echo, according to Bloomberg. Apple could announce the Siri speaker at WWDC next week, although it wouldn't be ready to ship until later this year, Bloomberg reports, citing people familiar with the matter. Although Siri first launched in 2011, long before voice assistants from Google and Amazon, users must currently interact with it via Apple's existing products, including Macs, iPhones, and the Apple TV. Giving Siri its own dedicated speaker would allow Apple to ride the more recent phenomenon of always-listening voice assistants that can perform home automation tasks—via Apple's HomeKit protocol—in addition to looking up sports scores and reading weather reports. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Related With Cortana Speaker, Microsoft Is Again Late to the Party With Cortana Speaker, Microsoft Is Again Late to the Party While the rumored Apple speaker would directly compete with the Echo and Google Home, Siri has had a rudimentary ability to constantly listen and respond to "Hey, Siri" commands since the iPhone 6s was introduced in September 2015. But that experience falls far short of what a dedicated speaker offers, since it relies on your phone's speakers and microphone to do the listening and the talking. Rumors of a Siri speaker raises the question of what Microsoft has in the works to keep its Cortana voice assistant competitive. The Cortana-powered Harman Kardon Invoke speaker is one possibility. Announced last month, the Invoke is scheduled to ship this fall. This week, Microsoft also teased a digital assistant from HP, a small puck-like speaker akin to the Amazon Echo Dot. "The new HP digital assistant featuring Cortana is a standalone personal assistant device that does not need to connect to a Windows 10 PC to provide a complete intelligent speaker experience," Microsoft said in a statement to The Verge. It's unclear when it will go on sale. Back to top Previous : Paul Allen's Massive Stratolaunch Aircraft Emerges From Hang... The Latest Snapchat Rip-Off Is Skype Highlights Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Fix Wi-Fi Troubles With the Samsung Connect Home The new Samsung Connect Home Wi-Fi mesh system is available for pre-order on June 2. It also functio... More » Want a US Visa? Your Twitter Handle, Please A new visa application form requests social media handles, but not passwords, from some applicants. ... More » Qualcomm Quick Charge 4+ Promises Faster, Cooler Charging Dead batteries will become undead 15 percent faster thanks to new Qualcomm tech that monitors chargi... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles How to Protect Your Privacy in Windows 10 Essential PH-1 vs. Galaxy S8: Sleek Flagships Face Off 10 Seriously Bizarre PC Designs The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 14 High-Tech Cities You'll Want to Call Home »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Gboard v6.3 enables search suggestions in the Google app and widget for some Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/06/01 9:32am PDTJun 1, 2017 39 Plus 1 on G+ 77 Share on Facebook 43 Share on Twitter Total Shares159 Applications News Google dropped a new version of Gboard last night, which includes a number of cool improvements to search. Some people are reporting another interesting feature in the form of Google search suggestions int he Google app and widget. Not everyone seems to have this, though. On older versions of Gboard, the keyboard's suggestion bar disappears when doing a search. That's still what it looks like for myself and most other AP staff after the update to v6.3. However, we've heard from a not insignificant number of people who are seeing the suggestion bar. This appears when searching via the Google widget and within the Google app. It seems to work just like the suggestion bar elsewhere. Start typing, and the keyboard guesses what word you might want to use next based on your typing history and the power of Google's prediction engine. Just grab the new version of Gboard and open a search to see if you've got it. Download QR-Code Gboard - the Google Keyboard Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Thanks: Zachary Kew-Denniss, Kapil Adhikesavalu, and everyone else Tags app updates apps gboard Google search subscribe ... Previous Story Motorola reveals the Moto Z2 Play with a smaller 3,000mAh battery and new Moto Mods ... Next Story Epic Little War Game is the first new title in the series in three years, and it's out today Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Suicide_Note Can confirm i have this on my XL. Also had a nice little dog paw on my spacebar, until a separate update this morning removed it. Artem Russakovskii Yes https://plus.google.com/+ArtemRussakovskii/posts/aYxevnQNXK7 https://plus.google.com/+ArtemRussakovskii/posts/BsXuhKZQbmz F4LL0U7 I got that too, briefly. I think they accidentally pushed out the dogfood version. mike shwilly Somehow the suggestions/corrections bar doesn't even appear for me on menus like that. Anyone got a clue? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fcf5ae1af260f403d6fe67b4a16960601a0f678f624415845c966be49de6c152.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/7db6affa5d2544f41d448de7188c46494be0ca138cb1088830fd557174531b65.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0729dbe9f8f2b6951428091c0dc20c66822aa0bd1fb3d8c8198fba4181bd896a.png Artem Russakovskii That's the mystery - I'm not seeing suggestions either, but many are. mike shwilly I think i had this problem since Nexus 5. It has always been really annoying. Suicide_Note Deftones are a terrible band. Hurricane Andrew I still do not see it on my S7 Edge. I wonder if launcher choice makes a difference. I use Action Launcher. Would be interesting to know what launcher people who are and are not seeing this are using. Yuri Vidal on my s7 it works. are you a beta tester? i also dont use touchwiz launcher. the suggestion bar works for me on chrome, and on google app too. jkl888 I see the suggestions on my phone Artem Russakovskii I'm on the Pixel Launcher, tried both Google app 7.2 and 7.3, and Gboard 6.2 and 6.3, and I don't have this. Reply and post your launcher, Google App version, and Gboard version, and whether you have suggestions or not. Armando Rodriguez Have you notice that the "short" height is shorter than previous versions? abqnm Are you on an S8 or G6? They tweaked some proportions on the odd aspect ratio devices. The S8 doesn't have the hugely tall spacebar anymore, which may be why it seems that way. If you're not on one of those I'm not sure as it seems the same to me. Armando Rodriguez Nexus 5 DPI at 420 Raz Have it. Nova Beta, GBoard 6.3.15.157483061-arm64-v8a, Google app 7.3.19.21.arm64. The new GBoard just asked for access to my SMS to improve the suggestions. Bruno Logerfo wait since when there's a dark theme for the google widget? João Ricardo He problaby has a theme kervation I am using a Google Pixel XL with the stock pixel launcher, running Google app version 7.3.19.21 & Google Gboard version 6.3.15.157483061. I have the suggestion bar for the Google app and also the Chrome beta browser and regular Chrome browser. I also have search suggestions show up when typing in the Google app. JATIN BANSAL I think this is also new. Earlier in dark themes, they used to have a white glow around emoji but now it is gone. I like it now https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c8bcc901c9f60b97c05dc467df6fa4838f96cabcfbf6421714f5ec7189958205.png roberto.elena I wished the keyboard had a dynamic theme that would change automatically based on the app being used, like the status bar does: Youtube = red, WhatsApp = green, Facebook = blue, etc. thegrau There's a third party keyboard that does exactly that. Can't remember the name, but I believe it's based on AOSP Yuri Vidal chroma keyboard Łukasz Ordon There is also Xposed module that can do that... I used to use it but the framework is not available for 7.0+ yet... Adriannacsmith Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dy165c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dy165c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs455DirectDriveGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dy165c:....,...... EmirSc minium has this. thecoolkid Thank god! I hated the glow, not very material design... Lexster Okay, but...when will they put a freaking space after punctuation? It's not that difficult, but after using Swiftkey, I really can't get used to having to put a space after punctuation. catalysto I would NOT want that. Don't need my OCD flaring up with unnecessary spaces. Though, sure, it should probably be an option. Lexster How are spaces after periods of sentences unnecessary? hype67 In acronyms, when the dot doesn't denote the end of a sentence. As decimals. Others situations I can't remember off the top of my head. Lexster USe acronyms with periods a lot, do you? I can't remember the last time I did. It's not generally required for acronyms. You put FBI, not F. B. I. But, yes, it's a little annoying with decimals, but that can generally be programmed to recognize if the space isn't needed. Swiftkey often does. It misses sometimes, sure, but usually works well. If a field needs an IP address, it usually knows this and doesn't put a space. And yes, it can be annoying with website names, but it's much easier to backspace every once in awhile than have to hit space after every single period or question mark. Łukasz Ordon Just press space twice :P It puts full stop AND a space after it... Lexster Yes, but I prefer having the space after punctuation. Doesn't require two taps of the space bar. And it only enters periods. Łukasz Ordon Oh well... You can't make everyone happy... Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Typing URLs and email addresses is a giant pain in SwiftKey. catalysto When it's the last sentence. Lexster Okay? Well, it doesn't add a space until you type a letter, so if it's the last sentence, there wouldn't be a space unless you typed something else. catalysto A period does not always signify the end of a sentence though. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman So glad it doesn't do that. One of the worst things in SwiftKey. Typing URLs and email addresses was such a giant pain in the ass. Hitting space after I type a period isn't a big deal to me AT ALL. Especially since I'm used to typing on a keyboard anyway, so do it automatically. Lexster There some reason it can't be an option? Or do you think because you don't want it that no one should? Jarrett Lennon Kaufman You didn't indicate an option. An option might be okay, although I think it might break enough things as to cause them problems overall. Sometimes options that break the experience are left out to prevent frustration when users forget they're responsible for their own problem. ozzyager I do see suggestions when doing a search. I also recieved the dog bone version first, before being updated again shortly thereafter. Maybe just a coincidence? catalysto Same thing happened to me. It's still working after updating to the non-beta version, too. Though I'm in the beta program for Gboard, so maybe that has something to do with it? My version number is 6.3.15.157483061-arm64-v8a, in case anyone is curious. Łukasz Ordon That Gboard app version with dog paw should not be released publicly. It indicates 'dogfood' version (as googlers call it) which should be tested only inside Google. Dogfood is just debug version of normal app (don't quote me on that tho) ozzyager Correct. This is why I wondered if there was any connection between that version being released by accident to some, like myself, and only some seeing the suggestions when doing a search. Of course it might just be a server side update that is being tested, etc. Łukasz Ordon I've myself got dogfood version but shortly after (like 5 mins later) I've received another update with normal apk... Armv7 version btw :p roberto.elena It also gives suggestions in Chrome while in incognito mode. abqnm While that may be unwanted, it should be pointed out that it now gives suggestions in the Chrome address bar. Period. Previously it did not suggest anything at all in the Chrome address bar, incognito or no. I still don't have it in search though. It does work when typing to Assistant, but it may have done that previously. boop Can someone explain the nav bar in the second pic? Łukasz Ordon It's probably Pixel phone navbar... destinyhud pixel phone if u mean the down arrow then when u click a bar the left become a down arrow boop The color, I mean destinyhud thats probably Gboard's feature. maybe with 6.3 Hurricane Andrew Running Action Launcher 3, Google app version 7.3.19.21, Gboard version 6.3.15.157483061 and do not have the suggestions in the search app. Łukasz Ordon Talking about Google app itself... apparently, cards in Google Now feed have new design now https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5fbd4b5888c4ad6d684f6ab3ba7589a3354607b05f565c0b7aed404237d8d8dc.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ed878edc7fa830f93bf49db1a7d5c8b4267ae6cada762eb9d0e723312cd72c5a.png Łukasz Ordon Aaaaand it's gone... Now cards are normal for me... Take look at football match card (I mean the 'title' of it) https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/150e49575e0870a2a9ca2cf19dd64acd4a3c720df42161667388f2bc104c7a1b.png Federico Rios Im still here with the 5.2.1 version before it called Gboard in Android O DP2 and im SO HAPPY :D whispy_snippet I've never understood why this feature hasn't always existed. Teja The word prediction is the only thing I worry about. Swiftkey is way better than Gboard which made me to switch back to Swiftkey. Michael Oghia Does anyone else experience problems with the spell check feature? Sometimes I misspell a word, it tells me it's misspelled, but then doesn't offer any suggestions. It used to work better a few years ago (when it was still just keyboard or whatever it was called). Vratislav Jindra I would swear I had this yesterday. Today it disappeared. Stephen Diniz Search for emojis by drawing? :D https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/35659ac9a986709c60b979ddb14d2f0a6fb43fca949e34b15c66c9a6976e51d1.png Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 133 queries | 0.521s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Best Apps Best iPad apps you should download now! By Lory Gil Thursday, Jun 1, 2017 at 10:00 am EDT 17 Comments Lory is a renaissance woman, writing news, reviews, and how-to guides for iMore. She also fancies herself a bit of a rock star in her town and spends too much time reading comic books.  If she's not typing away at her keyboard, you can probably find her at Disneyland or watching Star Wars (or both). Did you just get your first iPad? Looking for the top apps to download next? Here they are! Updated May 2017: These are still the best apps you can download for your new iPad. We added OneDrive for a cloud storage option that pairs nicely with your PC, as well as Tweetbot 4 for a great social media management service. You just got your brand new iPad. You've set it up. You tried out all the built-in apps. And now you're starting at that big, beautiful screen and wondering — what's next? Well, the App Store! It's home to hundreds of thousands of iPad apps any of which can transform the screen you're holding into a new a wondrous tool or toy. Here are some great ones to get started with! Productivity Streaming media Cloud Storage Reading Writing Social media Art Shopping Music creation Games Productivity 1Password No matter what type of device you own, you are always going to need a way to keep track of the dozens of passwords you collect from apps and websites. 1Password makes it incredibly easy to store information across all of your devices so you only have to remember the one you use to unlock the app. It also works with Touch ID(iPad Pro, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3 or later), so you can keep your passwords ultra secure. Free - Download now iWork Of course, no iPad would be complete without Apple's suite of productivity apps. With Pages, Numbers, and Keynote, you can create and edit the best files and documents around. And, if you are sharing your work with Office users, no problem. iWorks is compatible with Microsoft's counterparts. $9.99 or free on qualified devices Download Pages $9.99 or free on qualified devices Download Numbers $9.99 or free on qualified devices Download Keynote Duet Display If you plan on using your iPad as a companion to your Mac or PC, you can turn the smaller display into a second screen with Duet. Lag time is undetectable because you connect the devices using a Lightning USB cable, instead of over Wi-Fi. When the two are connected, you can drag files, browser tabs, and more to the iPad's screen. Plus, you can use your mouse, trackpad, and even touch screen gestures to interact with anything on the second screen. $ 9.99 - Download now Streaming media Netflix If you can't stream movies and shows on your big screen TV, watching them on your iPad is the next best thing. With a paid subscription to Netflix, you can access thousands of titles. If you are already a subscriber, all of your history, favorites, and queues will be waiting for your on your tablet. $7.99 - $11.99 per month Download now Hulu Similar to Netflix, Hulu gives subscribers access to thousands of TV shows and movies right on their iPad. You can watch current seasons of some of the most popular shows on television the day after they air. Plus, Hulu's exclusive content makes it worth the monthly price. If you already subscribe to Hulu, your history, favorites and queues will be available on your iPad. $7.99 - $11.99 - Download now YouTube To round out the media streaming trifecta, add YouTube for hours of homespun fun. Don't forget to subscribe to iMore to keep up to date on the latest and greatest Apple product reviews. And, of course there's always cat videos. Free - Download now Cloud Storage Dropbox If you've made the plunge into the 256 GB iPad Pro, you probably don't need to worry about storage, but for everyone else, there is Dropbox. Dropbox is a cross-platform cloud storage service that lets you keep photos, videos, documents, and more in one place. You can access your account from anywhere you have Internet access, and you can also share content with others without having to give them your personal account information. Free - Download now Google Drive If you have a Google account, you may want to look into using the Google Drive cloud service. Similar to Dropbox, you can save all manner of files, including videos and pictures. With Google Docs, you can collaborate in real-time with others, too. The only requirement is that you must be signed up with Google. Free - Download now OneDrive Microsoft's cloud storage service is also the best way to transfer data between your iPad and your PC. When you sign up, like iCloud, you get 5GB of free storage. For $2 a month, you can get 50GB, and after that, you can subscribe yearly and also get Office 365 for $70 to $100 per year. With the OneDrive app for iPad, if you have Office, you can get to work on documents right in the app, with the ability to save right in the app. Photos are automatically tagged so that you can find them easily, and you can share everything. You can even access files offline, so that you can get work done when you don't have an internet connection. If you're a PC user, OneDrive is the best cloud storage service for you. Free, subscriptions - Download now Evernote Evernote is like cloud storage extreme (with a capital "E"). Its great for taking notes and making lists, but it is also a place for saving ideas, like something you've seen on your favorite blog (or this best app list). Features include a business card scanner that turns physical contacts into digital ones, voice-to-text dictation, and the ability to collaborate on project ideas. It is your one-stop shop for creativity. Free - Download now Reading Kindle Reader Having the Kindle Reader for iOS is like having a Kindle inside of your iPad. When you purchase a book on Amazon, you can send it to your iPad directly from the website. When you open the app, it will be there, waiting for you to download. Thanks to landscape mode, reading on the iPad feels more natural. Free - Download now Overdrive Did you know that you can check out ebooks from your local library? Overdrive makes it easy to get those books onto your iPad. You can connect your local library number to check out books, read them, and even return them. You can place books on hold and get a notification when they are ready for checkout. All of this, and you don't even have to exit Overdrive. Free - Download now Comics by comiXology Comic book readers will really enjoy getting their weekly fix right on their iPad. Comixology has the largest selection of comics across all distributor including majors and indies, plus get your Manga fix without having to wait for the next Anime convention. You do have to purchase books from the ComiXology website before you can download them. Now that Amazon owns the service, all of your Kindle comics are readable in the Comics app. Free - Download now GoodReader If you have lots of documents, books, pamphlets, comics, or other items already stored on your computer, you can add them to GoodReader to take with you anywhere. You can import files from iCloud Drive, open PDFs from Safari in it, and even connect to a friend's device to share files directly. It is also a document annotator, so if you want to draw mustaches on your magazine models, go right ahead. $4.99 - Download now Writing iA Writer For bloggers and those that use plain text or Markdown to write, iA Writer is a must-have for the iPad. You can concentrate on your work by activating focus mode, use special tools to highlight such things as nouns or conjunctions, and get a preview of what your finished work should look like once it is published. The customizable keyboard lets you select specific functions you use the most, like headers, bullets, or bold font. Documents can be stored and accessed in iCloud or Dropbox for easy access across any device. Oh, and Night mode. $4.99 - Download now Day One 2 Diary + Journal + Notes Every good writer knows that journaling is how you keep your skills sharp. Day One is a streamlined digital journal app for keeping daily notes, musings, and ideas in order. You can add photos and locations to your entries and create multiple journals for different themes. For example, you could keep one journal specifically for writing song lyrics, and another for keeping track of your photography shoots. Bloom Built created an exclusive cloud storage service to keep your journal accessible across all of your devices. But, if you prefer iCloud or Dropbox, you can always use Day One Classic instead. $4.99 - Download now Notability Notability is a note-taking app that lets you handwrite your notes instead of typing them, which is fantastic for new iPad Pro owners that also have the Apple Pencil. In any given note, you can sketch, handwrite, type, cut out a section and paste it back in, and record audio that is saved with that specific note. It features palm detection, so you can write with your hand resting on your screen (the way most people handwrite) without confusing the program. $5.99 - Download now Social media Pinterest Pinterest is a social networking website for crafting, cooking, and building your dream home. It is sort of like a digital scrapbook for anything you are passionate about. The official app looks great on the iPad. You can browse through pins in your feed, search for specific topics, and see who is saving your posts. Your pins are all saved on your personal board for quick access when you want to check a recipe or see if that couch matches your lounge chair. Free - Download now Tweetbot 4 You might think that Twitter's own iOS app is perfect, and if you do, that's totally fine. But if you're a diehard Twitter user, you'll probably want something a little more robust, with better features and ways to view your feed. Tweetbot 4 lets you sync your timeline across all of your devices and puts you in control of what you see. You can mute tweets by certain users, mute hashtags, and even keywords, so that you don't get so frustrated with all the crap flying around that you just up and quit Twitter altogether. You can still do everything like you would normally — DMs, tweet, view lists — as well as a statistics view, a night theme for low-light environments, and more. If you want to keep track of how popular certain tweets are or how many followers you're gaining and losing every day, Tweetbot is invaluable. $9.99 - Download now Art Paper You may recall that iMore Managing Editor Serenity Caldwell reviewed the Apple Pencil entirely in sketch. The go-to app she uses for her amazing art is Paper. It is the perfect app for sketching out ideas, creating graphs, doodling, and more. There are also some impressive tools for taking notes and annotating images. It's an all-around useful app for sparking creativity. Free - Download now Procreate For creating full digital paintings, you'll want to step into Procreate. It has dozens of highly customizable painting and drawing tools with a wide array of color options. You can paint on top of colors and blend shades for a very realistic art experience. It also has additional digitizing features, like adjustable motion and perspective blur, color balance, and more. The project tracking feature lets you record your progress as a time lapse video that you can share with others. $5.99 - Download now Pigment If you aren't really much of an artist, but do love to express yourself with color, Pigment is a coloring book for adults that is the most realistic coloring experience on the iPad. The eight basic coloring tools range from simple crayon to airbrushing. You can freeform color and risk going outside the lines, or lock a section to ensure that your creation looks perfect. The free download comes with dozens of free illustrations, but for a weekly, monthly, or yearly subscription you get new coloring books every month. Free - Download now Shopping Amazon When it comes to online purchases, the iPad is the perfect mobile device for finding what you want. Amazon practically has every single sellable item in its online store and the mobile app makes it easy for you to find what you are looking for. You can add items to your wish list, compare items, check for daily deals, view recommended products, and of course, buy it all. If you shop on Amazon, you'll want this app on your iPad. Just be careful, shopping is so easy you might spend all of your hard-earned cash. Free - Download now eBay For reseller shopping, eBay has practically everything you can think of, plus everything else that Amazon won't sell. On your iPad, you can search for products and filter by price, ending time, and distance. You can also refine your search by sold items, condition, and auction or buy it now. View full screen photos, compare items, and bid on that vintage toy you know you shouldn't buy. Or, add it to your watch list to see just how much you could have gotten it for. Free - Download now Music creation GarageBand Whether you shred on electric guitar or drop beats on a synthesizer, GarageBand makes it easy for you to create music. You can download tracks you've recorded from another program, connect your instrument with an adapter, or capture your inspiration using a microphone. Even if you don't own a single instrument, you can create multi-track songs since GarageBand includes dozens of guitar, bass, keyboard, and drum options that you can use to create realistic sounding digital music. Once recorded, you can export your tracks to Facebook, Youtube, SoundCloud, and more. $4.99 or free on qualified devices Download now Audiobus The iPad is an incredible device for music creation. There are hundreds of apps that all do amazing things. You can lay down beats, clip loops, create synth sounds, and a whole lot more. Audiobus is like a digital pedal board for connecting music apps. You can link up compatible apps, like Animoog and SoundPrism, to combine the music they both make. Audiobus is indispensable for any iPad musician working with multiple programs. $4.99 - Download now Games Gaming is another animal (and another post) altogether! We rounded up the best games for iPad because there were just too many to list here. Check it out: Best games for iPad What do you recommend? This list focuses on a broad spectrum of apps that are a staple of owning an iPad, but there are thousands of great titles in the App Store that become favorites among iPad users. What are some of your favorite apps that you would recommend to someone brand new to the Apple ecosystem? Reader comments Best iPad apps you should download now! 17 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating Moodyz Code Editor: http://www.textasticapp.com/ Markdown: http://omz-software.com/editorial/ Sketching: https://concepts.tophatch.com/ 0 1 year ago Reply Chris Laarman Even though this list may be a good fruit of good intentions, I feel irritated and suspicious by its mere publication. If someone should have bought a new device, then he (or she, of course) will know why. If someone unfamiliar with mobile gear at all should be given his first mobile device, let him first familiarize himself with this world opening up. If someone familiar with another mobile platform should be given an iOS device, let him find the way to productivity (or whatever) here. And then, if that person should start wondering "Can I do this at all on my device?" or "I need some guidance in choosing the right app for this task." - only then would that person be served by some comparison of similar apps. Comparison by features, ease of use, value for money - whatever may seem relevant. And yes, with the amount of apps available and the limitations of the App Store itself (and the tendency of many vendors to delay the purpose and features of their apps until far down in the description field), then such guidance would definitely be welcome. I may seem to suggest some forum-only approach. However, I do discover new (to me) fields of iOS apps after collecting over 3000 of them during over four years, so please do continue pointing me to things not asked. :-) -3 1 year ago Reply phreddyl You know you don't have to read the article if you don't want to- Its called free will... 0 1 year ago Reply Chris Laarman Thanks for the enlightenment! 0 1 year ago Reply smart_burro Who ****** in your Cheerios? Sent from the iMore App 0 1 year ago Reply Ninotschka Depends on what they want to use their new iPad for, doesn't it? For general use I'd agree with Kindle, 1Password, Dropbox, Evernote and Procreate, but would replace GoodReader with PDF Expert, IA Writer with 1Writer, Drafts, Byword or Ulysses and mention MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint as alternative to iWork (many people have, or have to have, Office on their Mac / PC and the iOS apps are actually pretty good). I'd also add Newsify (I wouldn't know what to do without RSS), Instapaper, Pixelmator, VSCO, Scanner Pro, 2Do, Tweetbot and Workflow and drop pretty much everything else. 1 1 year ago Reply Tech198 (umm.. that pic look very similar to... well never-mind...apart from the green R2) I would say Netflix would be mine, Hulu, Dropbox and Lastpass (and for some reason i got Adobe Photoshop elements...) Duet Display looks good 0 1 year ago Reply Uthink I think these lists are always valuable. As long as they're up to date. I remember years ago buying at least 20 different note taking apps. I really wished there was just a database engine that I could plug my desired attributes in and it could generate a short list for me. Those of us who've used iPads for a while, don't get a lot of value out of these. But even if you only see 1 app of use, it's worth the read. My humble suggestions would be...Notes Plus (Awesome note app for people who like to write more than type notes), Infinote (make idea boards with stickies), LinkedIn, OutlineCreate, Toodledo, Post-it Plus (It's like magic), AnyList (I use it for recipe sharing), HBO Go, TWITpad, Lumin, and Waze 0 1 year ago Reply Rahul Krishna1 I would Outlook for email is good Sent from the iMore App 0 1 year ago Reply tjedson "AP Mobile" and "Breaking News" for the latest breaking news notifications. A streaming music app such as "Spotify" or "Amazon Music". "Amazon Video" if you are a prime customer. "Authy" for second factor authentication. 0 1 year ago Reply Hirisky Spark for email is on my iPhone and iPad. Tried a whole bunch of apps but seem to stick to this one. Outlook I guess comes second. Keepass has been my password manager for years. Can't have better security when you database and program are separated. I keep the database file in Dropbox so it sync across all my devices even my dust collecting BB Z30. On a daily basis my most used apps are: Spotify, Netflix, Fantastical, WP office, Paper my Hue app and Safari. 0 1 year ago Reply RupMjee Terrific list. Thanks Lory. Sent from the iMore App 0 1 year ago Reply smart_burro Duet Display is fantastic. Especially with the bigger iPad Pro. I like OneNote better than Evernote since it allows for more levels of nested folders/notebooks and handwritten notes can be added inline with typed text. The OneNote web clipper isn't as good as Evernote, but has improved significantly. Evernote also integrates better with 3rd party apps and services, but OneNote has it beat in many other areas more important to me. It's also free. For a PDF/document reader I prefer PDF Expert over Goodreader. For an Apple Mail replacement I would recommend Spark. Sent from the iMore App 0 1 year ago Reply Samantha Jackson1 The new, as for me are: Mixmatch, provides the lyrics and a great base of the songs, MyAudioStream, a music player and audio streaming application to play all the music library you have collected with the servers like NAS, PCs, MAC ArkMC media streaming application for iOS devices or MCPlayer, a video player app for HD quality movies. Playback or beam any video formats without conversion that you have stored on any UPnP/DLNA server wirelessly and transfer to any wireless media players, like TV. Lidow and VSCO, editor and filter's manager on pics and selfies. 1Password, stores all passwords, logins, and credit card info in one place so you don’t have to keep track of them. Foap, a social photo stock exchange, where you can sell your own photos or buy the pics from others,real lives. 0 1 year ago Reply prgvb FileBrowser... it links all the cloud accounts in one place, even if you have multiple cloud accounts of the same 'brand' It will also link to wifi harddrives. VLC for all sound and vision files Pocket Earth... offline maps A great help when there is no connection to the internet 0 3 days ago Reply toysforever I can't live without Scrivener. Best research and writing tool out there at any price. 0 3 days ago Reply n8ter#AC Scrivener only works if you use Dropbox for your cloud service, which is probably one of the biggest blunders they've made. They should have just revamped their file format to make it work with iCloud. I have it on both macOS and iOS. I never use it, because I'm not using wires to transfer files, and I'm not opening up a Dropbox account just for ONE APP (well, technically two). For research, you can use Microsoft OneNote. Works wonders. Microsoft also has a Researcher app for iOS, which Syncs with Desktop Office's research pane. These things are far better than Scrivener for "research." Scrivener is great for compiling large, complex documents, though. However, for the average person, Ulysses is going to give them a much better UX devoid of Scrivener's overbearing complexity. Hulu and Netflix I find to be redundant if you have a Cable Package, as most Cable Providers are now letting you stream On-Demand content on Mobile Devices and PCs for free. This includes a metric ton of the same stuff available on Hulu, Netflix, and Amazon Video. They're a waste of money if you have cable. At the very least, I'd just subscribe to them for a month here and there to binge watch a few seasons of some "exclusive" series/content, and then turn them right off. All of this can be done for free from a trial account set up on a disposable email account or alias ;-) I had huge battery drain issues with VLC on my iPhone. Not sure how it works on iPad, but it certainly didn't work out too well on my phone. VSCO requires an account. If you deleted an account on your email previously, it won't let you create a new one. Something to keep in mind, for those people who don't want 1,000 internet accounts. Tweetbot won't let you browse Twitter without an account. The app requires an account, so I just use the Twitter website. Would be nice if the app worked without an account, though :-) Microsoft Remote Desktop should have been mentioned. It's free and works well. No mention of Microsoft OneNote, which is pretty much completely free, while Evernote definitely isn't? If you have a Microsoft Account, then Microsoft Outlook is the best email client for that service, IMHO. Athletes and Coaches will want to check out Dartfish Express, Coach's Eye, or Hudl Technique (formerly Ubersense). Almost every athlete and coach at the my training facility uses an iPhone because of how good the video analysis apps are on iOS. It's a corner of the market that is often forgotten, but is a huge driver for iOS adoption around the places I frequent (training facilities, competitions, etc.). Flashcard Hero is nice, and available on both macOS and iOS (iCloud Synchronization). WolframAlpha is cheap, and I believe you can open the full results from Siri direction in the app with a Tap. Pixelmator is probably the best Photo Editor on iOS, though I think Affinity is coming out with a version of their app for iPad in the [near?] future. That will likely rival Pixelmator, which is already "not worth buying" on macOS due to the existence of Affinity Photo. For the gamers out there, there is an Xbox app for iOS, as well as PlayStation , PlayStation Messages, and PlayStation Communities. The Roku App can be useful, as well as its equivalents for other Streaming Box platforms (ChromeCast, Apple TV/iTunes Remote, Amazon Fire TV Remote). Tapatalk, for the forum trolls... Skype... Sorry, but as much as I'd like to replace this, it seems as impossible as replacing iMessage in your circle of iPhone friends at this point. Kindle and Audible... Nothing is worse than having your eBooks and Audiobooks locked to a single vendor's platforms... (the Audiobooks may be available on Windows, though the eBooks are not, and you certainly aren't going to be loading them onto an Android or Windows Mobile device). If a service offers a mobile authenticator (i.e. Battle.net Authenticator from Blizzard), use it. Some of us have learned the heard way just so that we can tell you it's worth it ;-) Firefox Focus - Free Content Blocker. Works well. 0 3 days ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to content To Inform is to Influence IO, SC, PD, what's in a name? Menu About Information Operations Holistic Organizers IO, Cyber, SC, PD Community Calendar Name and Shame, Educating the Media Information operations · Information Warfare · Russia Hybrid Wars: Yandex’s Hidden Threat (Infographic) June 1, 2017 Joel Harding Comment by Inform Napalm, on Facebook: In this small investigation we are going to prove the following three claims: 1.#Yandex is fully controlled by the #Kremlin. 2.Yandex Group is engaged in a very expensive and economically unreasonable expansion in Ukraine. 3.Yandex expansion in #Ukraine is the biggest threat to the national security, even compared to the presence of the Russian social networks. Hybrid Wars: Yandex’s Hidden Threat (Infographic) By vasgri | on 05/31/2017 In a hybrid war, any lull is temporary. In a hybrid war, the instigators never announce their aggression and attack suddenly, from unexpected points, in the first place trying to crush the enemy’s morale – this is why it is called hybrid. Defeated in the first battle and retreating on most of the fronts, Russia is still hoping to conquer Ukraine. And this objective still looks doable – while Ukraine has made headway in terms of energy (gas, coal, nuclear fuel) and technological independence, in the field of informational and political security setbacks come one after the other. The squabble between the Kremlin towers ending in the effective decommissioning of the Humpty-Dumpty project revealed to the public and policymakers the fact long known to the professionals – all the Russian IT majors are closely connected with the Federal Security Service. Yet again the issue of VKontakte, Odnoklassniki, Mail.ru Holding and a number of other Russian services extensively used by Ukrainians came into the spotlight. The standing of Mail.ru has been clear for a long time. The beneficial owner of Mail.ru Group is Alisher Usmanov, Putin’s loyal friend and treasurer , whom he personally awarded with the For Beneficence decoration. The role of Mail.ru in Ukraine has been the topic of discussion for quite some time, and sooner or later it was bound to end in a ban. However, there is another agent of Russian influence in Ukraine right next to this infamous holding which is no less dangerous and sometimes even more so. It is hardly ever mentioned, and this is exactly why it is more dangerous. We are talking about a kraken with enormous resources which are obscure to us and fully controlled by the Russian government. Its tentacles reach all areas of one’s Internet activity, from e-mailing to payments, entertainment and logistics, simultaneously promoting Russian values and pushing individual Ukrainians and mass media outlets into Russia’s bear hug. The name of this kraken is Yandex. In this small investigation we are going to prove the following three claims: Yandex is fully controlled by the Kremlin. Yandex Group is engaged in a very expensive and economically unreasonable expansion in Ukraine. Yandex expansion in Ukraine is the biggest threat to the national security, even compared to the presence of the Russian social networks. We apologize for a large number of links to Russian sources. 1.Yandex is Putin’s business Let’s start with the easy part. It does not take a conspiracy theorist to see Yandex’s full dependency on the Kremlin. Public sources contain enough eloquent information. Russian Yandex is a limited liability company fully owned by the joint-stock company Yandex N.V. (the Netherlands). The Dutch company has two types of shares – A and B. The B-type shares give 10 times more votes and are the tool of effective control over the company. This system intended to protect the company from hostile takeover attempts was developed by Yandex founders, Arkady Volozh and Ilya Segalovich, when Yandex saw the Russian government with its charming night robber’s manners as its biggest threat. A lot has changed since then. Today, Yandex is an amazingly wealthy company with the Russian government as its principal owner and the holder of the golden share. In 2009, Yandex sold one golden share to the state-owned Sberbank of Russia for 1 euro. This share gives broad control over the company’s shareholdings. Since August, 2009, any shareholder who acquired more than 25% of the company’s authorized share capital or votes must request Sberbank’s approval for holding such stake. Thus, an uncooperative shareholder daring to challenge the official policies will not be able even to exit by selling the shares to somebody else, but will be forced to bend the knee or end up like Voronenkov (Ed.: an ex-MP from Russia who defected to Ukraine and was assassinated in Kyiv).   The main important component of the Yandex infrastructure is the Yandex.Money service. Again, 75% of this payment service is owned by the same Sberbank of Russia. It does not operate in Ukraine, however. But not because Yandex does not want to – it has been blocked by the National Bank of Ukraine. If together with these two influence tools, we put into the picture the FSB which is omnipotent in Russia, we will get a corporation fully controlled by the Kremlin in key matters. Actions speak louder than words – the tougher the going gets in Russia, the closer Yandex is leaning towards the Kremlin. This March, the whole Russia witnessed rallies against Medvedev and the government in general convened by the opposition leader Alexey Navalny. The security services managed to hush the event in the printed media. But, the Internet burst with amateur coverage. Yandex responded to the events with a blackout. The news about the rallies never made it to the search results while the latest addresses by Putin and his associates, as well as reports about rich crops and good weather, received extensive coverage. Yandex found itself the target of serious criticism by Russian opposition, and the company’s response sounded rather lame. However, everything is quite clear as it is. Especially in view of the fact that in January, 2017, Yandex’s financial arm started blocking opposition members’ e-wallets at its own discretion. And here Navalny’s role in the Kremlin’s scenario is of little relevance. In any case, Yandex has now the only role – to announce “Dinner is served”. 2.Yandex spares no expenses to infiltrate Ukraine The system with which Yandex can beat the more technologically advanced Google and squeeze it out if the country rests not even on three pillars but on only two – political protection (in China, where Google is suppressed, they develop Baidoo, in Russia, the Kremlin’s anti-Western efforts carved a large niche for Yandex) and, most importantly, a great number of “auxiliary services” (Mail, Navigator, Maps, Money, Jobs, News, Browser) pushing the user into a walled garden of Yandex infrastructure. After getting firm hold of the user, Yandex makes its major profit from its Money, Market and Direct services. Yandex managers, in the spirit of typical Russians chutzpah, recently declared that they were ready to steal Google’s market share in any country. Cool, but not really true. The thing is that Yandex cannot enter any country. It is a very expensive endeavor to surround a foreign citizen with a network of services. However, penetrating Ukraine is coming slightly cheaper for Yandex – there are enough Russian-speaking people and, traditionally, despite Google’s domination, the share of Yandex as a search engine had been higher than one-third before the war. Has something changed after the war began? Nothing. Yandex has not suffered any repressions and is feeling just fine. Moreover, since 2016, it has been very active in capturing the Ukrainian market. It started last summer when Yandex surreptitiously sneaked into Facebook and started expanding its Overton window by pushing its numerous advantages and boasting development plans for Ukraine. It turned out that Ukrainians could tolerate it somehow, while some of them even liked it. After it had expanded its window enough, Yandex used it to push through a new taxi service posting its logos in the Ukrainian cities. It created interesting partnership offers for mass media. Yandex.Direct intensified customer search. Outdoor advertising appeared. Total Yandex expenses on its expansion into Ukraine are estimated in dozens of millions US dollars. In its taxi service only, Yandex now pays the drivers UAH 20 or more as compensation for each journey (this subsidy alone exceeds the profit) and spares no money for marketing. Yandex expenditure budget for such campaigns must be over a hundred million hryvnyas. Where does this money come from? Imagine that Yandex owners were businessmen seeking a business case and trying to manage risks carefully. There is Russia’s aggression against Ukraine. Ukraine responds accordingly – with sanctions and office raids. Any minute, the business in Ukraine can be shut down by the local authorities. Any minute, Putin can start a hot war. In Russia, the law enforcement agencies can start persecuting the company for doing business in an enemy state. The investments in Ukraine are under extremely high risk in any of these scenarios. Success is EXTREMELY UNLIKELY. But what do the Yandex managers do? They invest millions in developing their business in Ukraine. In Russia, there can be only one situation when a business is so careless about the money. It’s when the money comes from the government. Why is Yandex interested in Ukraine? Yandex is very good at pretending to be a “politically independent organization”. It is as good in this as are many “members of the Russian opposition” when they pretend to be “supporters of Ukraine”. Now Yandex managers claim that it is “an independent transnational company”. However, their rhetoric used to be totally different. Yandex founder Ilya Segalovich made an absolutely clear statement: “Yandex is a Russian company. And offering services in the Ukrainian language is a war ruse”. We have already quoted a Yandex developer saying: “We are ready to capture any country, however, it is not necessary right now”. But why then are Ukrainians so special? Why is it necessary to capture this market? Here is the explanation. Yandex has all sorts of possibilities to softly influence Ukraine. Search results manipulation. For millions of Yandex readers, it shows five news at the top. Just five. They determine the country agenda, they represent the most important things. What are now the most important things for Ukrainians according to Yandex? Let’s see: Kyiv News      April 26, Wednesday, 00:18 Russian city flooded with juice following a factory disaster Responsibility claimed for the terrorist attack in St. Petersburg Security Service of Ukraine initiated a criminal case against foreign politicians Scandal in Kyiv about the “Holocaust-Cabaret” sign Putin wants to start military cooperation with Ukraine OK, this must be some mistake. Putin’s false advances, juice flood in Russia, Holocaust scandals in Kyiv, the terrorist attack in St. Petersburg – can these really be the most important news for Ukrainians? Maybe, the problem is that we were searching in the Russian language? Let’s switch to Ukrainian. Kyiv News      April 26, Wednesday, 00:20 Security Service of Ukraine initiated a criminal case against foreign politicians Streets are flooded with tons of juice following a factory disaster in Russia Now we know who is behind the explosions in the Russian subway Putin announced willingness to resume military-technical cooperation with Ukraine: It is essential to create the proper conditions In Kyiv, the sign “Holocaust Cabaret” located opposite the synagogue was taken down So it is intentional. The news Yandex is feeding to Ukrainians is a set deliberately and professionally filtered through the Russian propaganda machine. Since its audience is about one-third of the country (see the infographic), the reach is wider than of any TV channel. At the same time, Russian TV channels are being banned in Ukraine while Yandex is not. Another interesting thing which Yandex can do for the Russian government is its invaluable help in espionage. Today, many Ukrainians believe that Yandex has great Maps and Navigator services. In addition, it has an equally great Mail service, all linked together with monitoring of search queries and matching them to the user’s account. This is how it happens that an elderly lady, Oksana Ivanenko, recently wrote to her brother telling him how her son was serving in the Ukrainian Army (“such a folly”) and where he was assigned and what he was doing there and who his companions were. Also we can see a government official, Fedir Petrenko, looking up Ulysse Nardin watches, making multiple searches related to military equipment and often visiting Ukroboronprom (Ukrainian state-owned defense conglomerate). We can see a lot of different things if we are Yandex in Ukraine. And we pass them on. This is far better than VKontakte or Odnoklassniki with their scraps of photos, geolocations mixed together with some gibberish text. This thing is very much like the Dark Lord’s all-seeing eye. And the feeble ban for the use of non-Ukrainian mail servers (only to government officials! and only for job-related correspondence!) issued by the Ukrainian government in 2015, is not going to make a lot of difference. If only because the most interesting things are in private correspondence, geotargeting and search statistics. And finally: Yandex is not only doing all this in Ukraine. It also makes money and engages Ukrainian businessmen and media into its system. Yandex.Direct, an intermediary between the advertising customer and Internet media, is the main source of the company revenue. Besides, the search engine can include news into its results and enter into agreements with media. Yandex has already hooked the media on package cooperation deals, just like Ukr.Net used to do in its own time. Certain most patriotic Ukrainian mass media receive up to 20% views from Yandex! Then they run Ukrainian customers’ advertizing, and the money again goes to Yandex. Ukrainian money. Part of it is spent on arms for the terrorists in Donbas. We are not exaggerating now, as Yandex and its shareholders must pay taxes in Russia. The prospects are rather gloomy. Yandex’s further expansion in Ukraine should be regarded as nothing else but a time bomb. In an opportune moment, it will be able to either stir the crowds (“Away with the Junta! The people want to be friends with Russia!”) or dampen down the protest wave (“Calm down, if the government makes pro-Russian actions, it’s all right”). And in-between, it will be creating the informational background advantageous for Putin, spy and make more money. It is not so easy to stop this process. Ukraine has no own regulator with sweeping powers like Roscomnadzor (Russian Federal Service for Supervision in the Sphere of Telecom, Information Technologies and Mass Communications), so it cannot block applications, Internet search engines, browser use etc. The only thing which can thwart Yandex’s plans is putting it on the sanction list. If Yandex is unable to trade in Ukraine and engage Ukrainian companies and citizens (run advertising, advertise itself, hire people…), if its office is frequently visited by the law enforcement agencies of all sorts, if it is ridiculed by the civil society, all this will make the expansion too expensive, even for Putin. The publication has been prepared by Andrii Lysovskyi and Mykhailo Makaruk especially for the international intelligence community InformNapalm. Translated by InformNapalm English Source: https://informnapalm.org/en/hybrid-wars-yandex-s-hidden-threat-infographic/ Advertisements Share this: Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Google Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Print Like this: Like Loading... Related Share this: Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Google Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Print Like this: Like Loading... information operations information warfare Russia Post navigation Previous Post Top Defense Contractor Left Sensitive Pentagon Files on Amazon Server With No Password Next Post How Moscow hijacked the history of Kyivan Rus’ One thought on “Hybrid Wars: Yandex’s Hidden Threat (Infographic)” Pingback: Russia / Strategy Media Update – 2 June 2017 – To Inform is to Influence Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Blogroll Big-Eye News Compilation What do you do? Commercial IOTA Propaganda and Counter-Terrorism RSS Feeds  RSS - Posts  RSS - Comments Search for: My Tweets Putin Threatens Sweden toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/06/04/put… https://t.co/QZJvCj7lwF 5 hours ago Russia actively stoking discord in Macedonia since 2008, intel files say toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/06/04/rus… 7 hours ago Russian Air Defense Officer Found Exactly Where Putin Said He Was Not toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/06/04/rus… https://t.co/IpqTy8U9pP 7 hours ago Centralized Guidance, Decentralized Execution, Russian Propaganda? No, Weekly Standard Editor To “Media” toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/06/04/cen… 9 hours ago Putin’s Russian Guard is True ‘Heir to the NKVD,’ Its Deputy Commander Says toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/06/04/put… https://t.co/qxYqOUBeye 9 hours ago Follow @joel_harding Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this: %d bloggers like this:
Myce.com Home News Reviews Forum About Contact Home News Reviews Forum About Contact 0 0 Go Lexar Tough 128GB Jumpdrive review Seagate Barracuda 2TB hard drive review Micron 5100 ECO 1920GB SATA Enterprise SSD Review Ballistix sport LT 2666MHZ DDR4 RAM review Toshiba X300 6TB High Performance HDD Review Micron 5100 MAX 960GB SATA Enterprise SSD Review Corsair Force MP500 NVMe SSD review Samsung 960 EVO 250GB M.2 NVMe SSD Review Lexar C20c 64GB flash drive review – The three in one solution Crucial MX300 2TB SSD Review ADATA Ultimate SU800 256GB SSD review HyperX Predator 480GB PCIe SSD Home News Google improves Gmail anti-phishing and anti-spam technology Posted 01 June 2017 17:42 CEST by Jan Willem Aldershoff The majority of the emails sent to Gmail users is spam, according to Google. The search giant claims that about 50-70% of all emails is spam but that it is able to block 99.9% of all spam mails. This means the email service rejects hundreds of millions emails every day. Gmail logo Google has developed a new method to protect users against spam mails with malicious attachments. In a blog the company explains that it now, “correlate[s] spam signals with attachment and sender heuristics, to predict messages containing new and unseen malware variants.” Messages that are potentially dangerous are also additionally analyzed which could cause a delay of about 4 minutes. During those minutes Google’s Safe Browsing technology will scan the mails. About 0.05% of all emails would require the extra analyzing, according to Google. “These protections enable Gmail to better protect our users from zero-day threats, ransomware and polymorphic malware,” according to Sri Somanchi, Product Manager of Gmail. “In addition, we block use of file types that carry a high potential for security risks including executable and javascript files,” he added. The technology is rolled out right now and it can up to 3 days before all Gmail users make use of it.   Related Forum: Related Tags: security google gmail Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. You've got to read this! Parents asked to destroy smart doll that can be used to eavesdrop on children Fri 17 Feb 05:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff The German regulatory office for telecommunications has asked parents to destroy the ... Micron 5100 MAX 960GB SATA Enterprise SSD Review Tue 21 Feb 02:02 by JReynolds &nbsp; &nbsp; Review: Micron 5100 MAX Reviewed ... Microsoft silently extends support of original Windows 10 with 2 months Thu 16 Feb 05:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff Microsoft has decided to extend support of the original version of Windows 10 with 2 month... Google and Bing voluntarily reduce visibility of copyright infringing websites in the United Kingdom Mon 20 Feb 06:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff Google and Microsoft's Bing will voluntarily reduce the visibility of copyright infringing... European privacy watchdogs concerned about Windows 10's data collection methods Tue 21 Feb 07:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff A group of European privacy watchdogs is going to investigate whether Windows 10 properly ... Latest Comments Quote: Originally Posted by... Now, apart from very resourceful actors in the scene of surveillance and... Quote: Originally Posted by... Your Smart Phone gives out more then Windows could ever possible do. Hope this SSD will not be too bad for a Samsung computer. I will check it... Hello, thanks for your nice SSD review and recently, I do have purchased a... Censorship and copy-wrong.... “reflect our commitment to the protection of user... Myce.com settings Several settings at Myce.com can be changed, they are stored in cookies, which means they will be reset if you clear Myce.com cookies Background Change the background to a plain color or trianglified image (similar to the default image) None / Default White Black Grey Artic Blue Indian Summer Gorgeous Green Salmon On Fire Purple Rain Grey Pink Baby No tracking features At Myce most social media feature are done server side and impose no privacy risk to the visitor when not used. Several features use Javascript with you can turn off here Remove Facebook / Google Plus tracking Remove advertisements Layout Switch to the List layout for an index with chronologycally listed news items or Grid layout for a block based layout. To see the change you need to reload the page Grid(default) List Submit Back to default × Content News Reviews Forum Hardware Forums SSD and HDD Blu-ray Burners General Hardware Blank Media Memory Cards Software Forums Video Edit Burning Software Movie Copy Windows 10 Android Legal Privacy policy Terms Cookie policy About About Brand & Award guidelines Advertising Contact Powered by Philaeum Hosted by GetFlyWheel Follow us
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Cleveland Scene Home News Music Movies Eat Arts Slideshows Calendar Special Issues Best Of Giveaways Scene Events Browse News e-Edition Local Job Listings Scene & Heard Tweet Email Print Favorite Saving… Share Wednesday, May 31, 2017 Scene & Heard Ohio is Bad at Spelling the Word 'Beautiful,' Google Finds Posted By Laura Morrison on Wed, May 31, 2017 at 12:58 PM click to enlarge Infographic via Google Trends/Twitter In honor of this week's National Spelling Bee, Google broke down which words cause people in each state the most trouble. In Ohio's case, we seem to have the most trouble spelling "beautiful." America's most misspelled words data was gathered by Google by mining the top searched "How to spell ___" analytics from each state in 2017. In most cases, like Ohio, folks searched most often for help spelling words with between six and 10 letters. But two states, West Virginia and Connecticut, sought out help with a 20-letter problem. Before you go thinking those states are extra smart, that word was the Mary Poppins' favorite: "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious." It turns out the citizens of New York, California, Kentucky and Minnesota also don't know how to spell "beautiful." What that says about all of us is unclear. But at least we're not Rhode Island, who apparently doesn't know how to spell the word "liar." And "college"? Come on, South Dakota. Learn more about America's terrible spelling habits right here. Tags: Google trends, Ohio spelling, beautiful, spelling bee, Image Jump to comments (1) Tweet Email Print Favorite Saving… Share « Attorney General Mike DeWine Sues F…  |  The Biggest Q Deal Sweetener is Hug… » Scene and Heard: Scene's News Blog Archives | RSS Comments Showing 1-1 of 1 Add a comment   Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Showing 1-1 of 1 Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread Most Popular Most Read Most Commented This Issue Singer-Songwriter Jack Johnson's Laid-Back Vibe Goes Over Well at Blossom Read More Cleveland Man Accused of Running a Brothel Out of His Apartment Read More Carmine "The Bull" Agnello Will Avoid Jail, Fork Over a Hefty Fine in Plea Deal on Racketeering and Conspiracy Charges From 2015 in Cleveland Read More City Girl Donuts to Bring Scratch-Made Confections to Rocky River Read More Suspended County Jail Supervisor Indicted on Felony Charge for Allegedly Misusing Police Database to Track Down Ex-Wife's Boyfriend Read More SNL's Weekend Update Used Chief Wahoo as the Obvious (and Right) Punchline for a Joke About Racism in MLB 16 Read More Vermilion Police Find Nothing Wrong in Investigation of Woman Who Threw Her Dog into Lake Erie: UPDATE 13 Read More Sabrina Parr Fired From WKNR After Claiming Jabril Peppers is on Drugs 12 Read More City Council President Kevin Kelley is on Trial, Whether He Likes it or Not 11 Read More Scientists, Business Leaders Urge Amazon's Jeff Bezos to Save Ohio's Nuclear Power Plants 10 Read More May 31- 6, 2017  All  in Articles & Posts  in Events  in Locations Newsletters Never miss a beat Sign Up Now Subscribe now to get the latest news delivered right to your inbox. Calendar Events Music Movies Dining Today Tomorrow This Weekend SPOTLIGHT: Christine Mauersberger  Read More The 1980s: An Age of Excess  Read More A Unique Dinner  Read More Amy Black's Memphis Music Revue/Anita Herczog  Read More Admission Essay  Read More Today Tomorrow This Weekend Amy Black's Memphis Music Revue/Anita Herczog  Read More Bowled Over by Poetry  Read More Gorguts/Defeated Sanity/Exist  Read More Cheap Clone  Read More Two-Set Tuesday featuring Jerry Popiel (in the Wine Bar)  Read More Today Tomorrow This Weekend Pride Month Film Series  Read More Deconstructing the Beatles' Revolver  Read More Hospital  Read More Academy Tavern  Read More Tremont Tap House  Read More Market Garden Brewery  Read More -All Categories- African/Ethiopian/Eritrean American Asian Asian/Indian/Middle Eastern Bakery Barbecue Brazilian Breakfast Brunch Buffet Cafes, Coffee Shops & Bakeries Cajun/Creole California cuisine Cambodian Caribbean Central American Central European Chinese Coffeehouse/Cafe Contemporary Continental Cuban Deli Dessert Destinations Diner Eastern European Eclectic English/Irish European/Mediterranean French Global Greek Hawaiian Home Cooking Indian/Pakistani Italian Italian/Pizza Japanese/Sushi Mexican Middle Eastern Moroccan New American Pizza Pub Fare/Breweries Pubs/Wine & Martini Bars Puerto Rican Quick Casual Restaurant Seafood Soup Kitchen South American South Indian South of the Border Southern/Soul Food Southwestern Spanish Steakhouse Steaks & Seafood Subs/Sandwich Shop Sushi Tea Room Tex-Mex Thai Vegetarian Vietnamese Wine/Martini Bar -All Neighborhoods- DOWNTOWN   Downtown/Flats/Warehouse District   West Side/Ohio City/Tremont/Detroit Shoreway EAST   East Side/University Circle/Little Italy   Eastern OH   Eastern Suburbs   Mentor/Lake County   Northern OH WEST   Western OH   Western Suburbs SOUTH   Akron/Summit County   Canton/Stark County   Kent/Portage County   Medina County   Southern OH   Southern Suburbs CENTRAL OH   Central OH Newest Slideshows Special Issues Flavor The People Issue Summer Guide Best of Cleveland More... Cleveland Scene 737 Bolivar Rd., Suite 4100 Cleveland, OH, 44115 Main: (216) 241-7550 Advertising: (216) 802-7241 Contact CleveScene Advertise National Advertising Work Here All parts of this site Copyright © 2017 Cleveland Scene. RSS Feeds Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in / Create Account News News Home Features Cover Story Scene & Heard: Scene's News Blog e-Edition Local Job Listings Music Music Home Features Music Lead CD Reviews Band of the Week Concert Listings Club Listings Music Venues Submit a Concert Listing Movies Film Home Page Film Lead Features Movie Theaters Eat Drink Up Dining Home Page Dining Review Food Features Patio Spotlight Drink Features Happy Hour Guide Dining Guide Restaurant Menus Wineries/Breweries Arts Arts Home Page Theater Reviews Art Reviews Galleries Museums Theraters Other Arts Venues Get Out Trails of Terror Events Home Page Event Calendar Concert Listings Submit an Event Special Sections Flavor Cleveland People City Guide Best of Cleveland Classifieds Local Job Listings Personals Personals Search Social Media Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Plus About CleveScene Privacy Policy Media Kit Advertising Info Contact Jobs © 2017 Cleveland Scene: 737 Bolivar Rd., Suite 4100, Cleveland, OH 44115, (216) 241-7550 Logos and trademarks on this site are property of their respective owners. Website powered by Foundation
GadgetHelpline Toggle navigation Twitter Facebook YouTube Tumblr Instagram Home News Categories Apple Android Blackberry Gaming General Gadgets Digital Cameras TV’s Internet PC’s Laptops Sat Navs & GPS Home Entertainment Smart Home IoT How to Interactive Guides Lifestyle Lifestyle News Lifestyle Guides Lifestyle How To What is Gadgethelpline Lifestyle Gadget Helpline Membership Benefits Join our club Refer a friend Contact Search Join our club Home » General Gadgets » The Future is Looking Simulated The Future is Looking Simulated Facebook Twitter Google+ Print E-mail Posted by: Morgan Walker on 1 June, 2017 7:02 PM Simulated experiences have been popular for a while. Leonardo Da Vinci, known to simulate birds wings as he envisioned human flight, was an early adopter of this practise. Flash forward to 2017. Humans are still simulating experiences, only this time anyone can jump in and try them out. With the developments in Virtual Reality, headset competition, AI and cloud based computing, dropping into a world-sized simulation becomes very possible. Google daydream with worldsense Among a host of other announcements, Google mentioned their WorldSense tech at Google IO last week. Standalone Daydream headsets will include WorldSense, a new technology based on Tango. Worldsense enables the headset to track your precise movements in space, without any extra sensors. This means a lot less hassle to jump straight into your very own escapist paradise. Improbable SpatialOS Taking the industry by storm, Improbable have been grabbing the headlines recently. Famed as a high valued startup, Improbable created SpatialOS, a cloud computing platform. This platform allows game engines to be stitched together seamlessly to create massive world environments. It will allow a lot of smaller software companies to rise without the need of serious computing power for test-beds:  The SpatialOS Games Innovation Program in partnership with Google Cloud, is now live and looking to support up to 100 eligible studios via reduced costs and co-marketing opportunities. The Matrix Possibility Although the jury is out on whether this cult sci-fi classic will be rebooted, the theory behind it is creeping towards reality.  Previously the Head of Sony VR division, David Ranyard is now CEO of Dream Reality Interactive and also has a PhD in AI. The core team at DRI previously worked at Sony’s London Studio where they developed the best-seller ‘PlayStation VR Worlds’, featuring the critically acclaimed ‘The London Heist’ and ‘The Deep’. Based in King’s Cross, London. Dream Reality Interactive aim to create compelling VR experiences that focus on natural interaction, believable worlds and AI. Mr Ranyard believes there will be a merging of VR and AI very soon. The main reason for this belief is that VR would be the perfect medium to meet an AI face to face. Go back a decade and VR was only a plaything for the rich. Nowadays you can grab a VR headset and have change from £600. As technology improves, prices will drop and so too will the size of the unit itself. Ranyard guesses that eventually we will just be wearing something similar to shades.   Facebook Twitter Google+ Print E-mail Tags: AI, Daydream, google, improbable, matrix, ranyard, simulation, Tango, VR, worldsense Post a comment Cancel reply Your comment * Your email address will not be shared or made public. Name * Email * Please enter an answer in digits: three − one = Related News Image Within Image Search Now On Bing Posted by Morgan Walker on 2 June, 2017 Mixer – Microsoft’ New Name For Beam Posted by Morgan Walker on 26 May, 2017 Google Assistant Cometh Posted by Morgan Walker on 24 May, 2017 Lens & Home Updates – Google IO 2017 Posted by Morgan Walker on 19 May, 2017 The Witcher Coming To Netflix Posted by Morgan Walker on 18 May, 2017 Article categories: Gadget News, Gaming, General Gadgets, Home Entertainment, Virtual Reality Join our club! We are a unique technical support helpline covering the top selling gadgets in the UK. Sign up now Membership benefits Refer a friend Support and contact Cancellations Follow Gadget Helpline Tweets by @Gadget_Helpline Sponsored Link Gadget Helpline is part of the TMTI group of companies.© Copyright TMTI Ltd 2011, all rights reserved. Home Contact Gadget Helpline Terms and Conditions This site uses cookies: Find out more.Okay, thanks
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      IT Unmasked      Google Moves To Make Public Cloud Platform More Flexible Related Content Topic :  IBM Looks to Redefine Industry Standard Servers  The Power Series team at IBM is making big moves on price and performance. Blog :  Loosely Defining the Software-Defined Data Center Article :  IT Business Edge 2016 Editorial Calendar Google Moves to Make Public Cloud Platform More Flexible Mike Vizard |   IT Unmasked   |   Posted 01 Jun, 2017          |         |     Share As part of an ongoing effort to allow IT organizations to consume only the exact amount of public cloud computing resources they need, Google this week announced it has removed the memory caps attached to any virtual machine. In addition, Google claims it has become the first public cloud provider to make the latest generation of Intel Xeon processors, codenamed Skylake, generally available via the Google Cloud Platform (GCP). Paul Nash, group product manager for GCP, says Google is taking pains to enable IT organizations to consume the virtual machines without requiring them to commit to specific sizes on even an hourly amount of time that ultimately winds up forcing them to pay for unused resources. A Skylake instance of an Intel processor can now be configured with up to 455GB of RAM. Rather than setting specific memory limits, Nash says IT organizations can now determine how much memory they want to allocate to a virtual CPU instance. That approach is intended to be especially appealing to IT organizations aiming to deploy, for example, in-memory computing databases on a public cloud. “We’re starting to see more deployments of applications such as SAP HANA databases or analytics applications by enterprise customers,” says Nash. At the same time, via a new Minimum CPU Platform feature, Google is now allowing IT organizations to select a specific CPU platform for VMs in any given zone. GCP will always schedule a virtual machine to run on that class of CPU family or better. It’s clear that Google is now spending a lot more time and energy courting enterprise customers. While public clouds have been around for 10 years, most enterprise IT organizations are just now making public clouds a standard deployment option for their applications. That doesn’t mean everything will be moving into a public cloud. But it does mean that before making any substantial commitments, many enterprise IT organizations are likely to be very particular about the terms and conditions offered by a public cloud service provider. Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE            |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping case by August: Sources Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping case by August: Sources EU antitrust regulators aim to slap a hefty fine on Alphabet unit Google over its shopping service before the summer break in August, two people familiar with the matter said, setting the stage for two other cases involving the US company. By: Reuters | Brussels | Published: June 2, 2017 12:08 AM   The European Commission’s decision will come after a seven-year investigation into the world’s most popular internet search engine triggered by scores of complaints from both US and European rivals. (Reuters) EU antitrust regulators aim to slap a hefty fine on Alphabet unit Google over its shopping service before the summer break in August, two people familiar with the matter said, setting the stage for two other cases involving the US company. The European Commission’s decision will come after a seven-year investigation into the world’s most popular internet search engine triggered by scores of complaints from both US and European rivals. The EU competition authority accused Google in April 2015 of distorting internet search results to favour its shopping service, harming both rivals and consumers. The Commission and Google declined to comment. The US company has in the past rejected the charges, saying that regulators ignored competition from online retailers Amazon and eBay Inc. Fines for companies found guilty of breaching EU antitrust rules can reach 10 percent of their global turnover, which in Google’s case could be about $9 billion of its 2016 turnover. Apart from the fine, the Commission will tell Google to stop its alleged anti-competitive practices but it is not clear what measures it will order the company to adopt to ensure that rivals get equal treatment in internet shopping results. The regulator could set out general principles or specific instructions for Google to follow, said an observer. The Commission’s tough line is in sharp contrast with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission which settled its own web search case with the company in 2013 by requiring Google to stop “scraping” reviews and other data from rival websites for its own products. Watch this also: Google made three unsuccessful attempts to settle the case with the previous European Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia in a bid to stave off a possible fine and a finding of wrongdoing. Almunia’s successor Margrethe Vestager, however, has shown no willingness to settle with Google. The company has also been charged with using its Android mobile operating system to squeeze out rivals and with blocking competitors in online search advertising related to its “AdSense for Search” platform. The platform allows Google to act as an intermediary for websites such as online retailers, telecoms operators or newspapers. The Commission has warned of massive fines in both cases. No Comments. Don't Miss ISRO GSAT-19 satellite launch on GSLV MkIII: Here are 5 amazing facts about India's monster rocket engine With property prices crashing, is it a good thing to buy a house or go for rent? After NTPC's Rs 28,000 cr capex plan revealed, Centre waives buyback offer that could have netted it Rs 8,000 cr Good news: Under GST regime, your clothes bill unlikely to rise Saudi, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut ties with Qatar for supporting terror ISRO to launch India's heaviest satellite GSLV Mk III today; here's what Chinese media is saying Bandipora attack: Four terrorists killed as security forces foil suicide attack on CRPF camp at Sumbal in Jammu and Kashmir Yogi Adityanath government to install statues of OBC, upper caste icons in Mayawati parks in UP IT industry layoffs: For employees, here's what is the need of the hour Uttar Pradesh bus accident: 22 dead, several injured after collision with truck on Bareilly national highway Business Gallery India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy: Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh power India to a strong total; check pics London terror attack: 7 people killed at London Bridge and Borough Street; cops gun down 3 terrorists Narendra Modi France visit: From terrorism to climate change, here is what’s on PM’s agenda Narendra Modi in Russia: PM invites Russian companies to invest in India, top 5 quotes Narendra Modi Russia visit: PM meets Vladimir Putin, pays homage at the Piskarovskoye Cemetery; check out photos Technology Gallery China’s solar powered unmanned plane Caihong can stay in air for months; here’s how it looks like Gigantic Stratolaunch makes first rollout to conduct aircraft fueling tests; 7 things to know SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know Hindi News योगी आदित्य नाथ सरकार का फैसला- मायावती के बनाए दलित पार्कों में ओबीसी और अगड़ी जातियों की विभूतियां भी होंगी विराजमान कश्मीर: सीआरपीएफ कैंप पर हमला, जवाबी कार्रवाई में चार आतंकवादी मारे गए सिपाही ने किया पीसीआर को फोन- अरविंद केजरीवाल की हत्या कर दूंगा, दिल्ली सीएम के घर पर सुरक्षा बढ़ी Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Woods Cross, UTAH Reason #1 Why Financially Supporting the Local .Well-Beyond. ‘Marketing Network (#WellBeyond) Product May Be a Bad Investment Idea Woods Cross, UT — (SBWIRE) — 06/01/2017 — Examples of Apps: Some apps exist in all three forms and are available as not only mobile apps but also desktop and web apps. The Adobe Photoshop image editor is a full software program that runs on your computer, but Adobe Photoshop Sketch is a mobile app that lets you draw and paint from a portable device. It’s more of a condensed version of the desktop application. The same is true with the web app called Adobe Photoshop Express Editor. Another example is Microsoft Word. It’s available for computers in its most advanced form but also on the web and via a mobile app. Those two examples are of apps that exist in all three app forms, but that isn’t always the case. For example, you can get to your Gmail messages through the official Gmail.com website and Gmail mobile app but there isn’t a desktop program from Google that lets you access your mail. In this case, Gmail is both a mobile and web app but not a desktop app. Others (usually games) are similar in that there are both mobile and web versions of the same game but maybe not a desktop app. Or, there might be a desktop version of the game but it’s not available as a web or mobile app. Can APPS that go „Well-Beyond” really make apps that spread health? Can APPS that go „Well-Beyond” really make apps that spread happiness? Do you truly believe that APPS can be tools to help you live a better life? If You Do, then Contact Us Today! g3president@comcast.net 801-809-7766 G3 Develops Customs APPS. G3’s latest APP Technology is called: Well-Beyond-Period (i.e. Well-Beyond.) What the APP? The word „app” is an abbreviation for „application.” It’s a piece of software that can run through a web browser or even offline on your computer, phone, tablet or any other electronic device. Apps may or may not have a connection to the internet. App is a modern take on the word software or application. This is why you probably only hear it in reference to a mobile app or a small piece of software that’s running on a website. It’s typically used to describe anything that isn’t a full-fledged software program. Types of Apps: There are three main types of apps: (1) Desktop, (2) Mobile and (3) Web. Desktop apps, like mentioned above, are usually much „fuller” and are comprised of all the features of a program, whereas the mobile or app equivalent is a simpler and easier-to-use version. This makes sense when you consider that most desktop and web apps are built to be used with a mouse and keyboard along with a much larger display, but mobile apps are intended to be accessed with a finger or stylus on a small screen. Web apps might be full of features too but they have to leverage the capabilities of the internet connection and web browser program, so while some are heavy duty and can perform really well like mobile or desktop programs, most web apps are lightweight for a reason. If an app is a mix between a web app and desktop app, they might be called hybrid apps. These are apps that have an offline, desktop interface and direct access to hardware and other connected devices, but also an always-on connection to the internet for quicker updates and access to internet resources. http://www.g3-development.co/ Why An App Is Important Now that we’ve got that figured out, the next question you’re probably asking is „why should I care about apps?”  Two good reasons: (1) Web apps or online apps can be a faster, cheaper, more efficient way of deploying software in your business.  Rather than buying a software license, having to install it on your servers or local computers, keeping up with updates — all of which can be expensive and take time — you can simply go online and sign up for an account.  In a few minutes you are using the software.  And typically you pay a monthly fee, meaning that you don’t have to pay license fee up front.   For more on what you can do with Web applications, read:  How Small Businesses Use Web Apps – and What to Look For. (2) Mobile apps extend the reach and productivity of your business.  Once you equip your mobile device and/or your employees’ mobile devices with apps, then you and they can perform all sorts of business functions while out of the office traveling, on sales calls, making service calls, etc.  A mobile app usually enables you to do something specific, like accessing your bank account in the case of a banking app, or run payroll with a payroll mobile app.  Check out: 10 Ways to Use Mobile Devices to Run Your Business.   So the next time someone bandies about the term „app” you’ll be in the know. More importantly, perhaps you’ll be in a position to say, „Oh sure, we use all sorts of apps to run our business better.” By 2004, search engines had incorporated a wide range of undisclosed factors in their ranking algorithms to reduce the impact of link manipulation. In June 2007, The New York Times’ Saul Hansell stated Google ranks sites using more than 200 different signals. The leading search engines, Google, Bing, and Yahoo, do not disclose the algorithms they use to rank pages. Some SEO practitioners have studied different approaches to search engine optimization, and have shared their personal opinions.  Patents related to search engines can provide information to better understand search engines. In 2005, Google began personalizing search results for each user. Depending on their history of previous searches, Google crafted results for logged in users. In 2008, Bruce Clay said that „ranking is dead” because of personalized search. He opined that it would become meaningless to discuss how a website ranked, because its rank would potentially be different for each user and each search. In December 2009, Google announced it would be using the web search history of all its users in order to populate search results. Google Instant, real-time-search, was introduced in late 2010 in an attempt to make search results more timely and relevant. Historically site administrators have spent months or even years optimizing a website to increase search rankings. With the growth in popularity of social media sites and blogs the leading engines made changes to their algorithms to allow fresh content to rank quickly within the search results. In February 2011, Google announced the Panda update, which penalizes websites containing content duplicated from other websites and sources. Historically websites have copied content from one another and benefited in search engine rankings by engaging in this practice, however Google implemented a new system which punishes sites whose content is not unique.  In April 2012, Google launched the Google Penguin update the goal of which was to penalize websites that used manipulative techniques to improve their rankings on the search engine. The Real Reasons Why To Use Social Media: 1. If ones business can’t be found — they are not engaging with the „True Market.” 2. Social Media (YouTube) is 64% more effective — than traditional advertising. 3. Ones „True Competition” — is guaranteed to be engaged in Social Media. 4. One will find customers — 15 times faster with Social Media. 5. One can reach the „True Market” — by simply engaging the right people. 6. By ignoring this Social Media Market, they are not creating opportunities – while the competition is. 7. Social Media saves massive amounts of time— if one uses it right. Site owners started to recognize the value of having their sites highly ranked and visible in search engine results, creating an opportunity for both white hat and black hat SEO practitioners. According to industry analyst Danny Sullivan, the phrase „search engine optimization” probably came into use in 1997. The first documented use of the term Search Engine Optimization was John Audette and his company Multimedia Marketing Group as documented by a web page from the MMG site from August, 1997. Early versions of search algorithms relied on webmaster-provided information such as the keyword meta tag, or index files in engines like ALIWEB. Meta tags provide a guide to each page’s content. Using meta data to index pages was found to be less than reliable, however, because the webmaster’s choice of keywords in the meta tag could potentially be an inaccurate representation of the site’s actual content. Inaccurate, incomplete, and inconsistent data in meta tags could and did cause pages to rank for irrelevant searches.  Web content providers also manipulated a number of attributes within the HTML source of a page in an attempt to rank well in search engines. About G3 Development G3 Development is set out to proactively serve the business community by providing solutions in entrepreneurialism, business development, social media and venture capitalism. To provide leadership in establishing strength with our client’s international businesses, being built on a foundation of innovation, advocacy, technology and business integrity https://youtu.be/RvgYOIHtWDA https://youtu.be/61e2ZIw1mKo http://www.g3-development.co/ 1-877-229-9183 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Agricultural Machinery Market Financial Review: Fast Facts of You Should Know About Agricultural Machinery Industry Analysis 2020 Next PostNext Orca Gold Reports Voting Results from Annual Meeting and Provides Highlights of Presentation Given on Revised PEA Search Recent Posts Industrial Turbochargers Market Size, Share, Analysis, Industry Demand and Forecasts Report to 2017 Focused Ion Beam Market Expected to Reach $4.9 billion, Globally, by 2022 2021: Global Automotive Release lever Market Value & Volume Analytics with Growth Analysis Latest News: World Gross Product of Automotive Pressure Plate Industry is forecast to Expand by 2.7 per cent in 2017 and 2.9 per cent in 2018 National Australia Bank and OurCrowd – An Australian First Collaboration Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google improves art searches with interactive knowledge panels, hi-res imagery By Rei Padla - June 1, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Google Search isn’t just about typing keywords and waiting for the search engine results pages to show you a bunch of links. The search giant has evolved immensely the past decade by providing more information and more related results. Google Image Search is always updated while the mobile app is also receiving a bunch of new features and enhancements from time to time. The latest update will benefit those art aficionados who are relying on Google for their search. Google knows how often you’ve been searching for art and how much you want to be an art expert so it’s now showing more relevant results. Google has added new features that will make searching for art easier. For one, it has included a feature in Street View that will offer information about any artworks when you are visiting a virtual museum. The Google Search engineers teamed up with the Google Arts & Culture group to work on the enhancements. When you search for an artist, you can now see and interactive knowledge panel where more information and artworks are shown. High-resolution images are also included so you can appreciate the art more. If you still haven’t tried this feature, start exploring the virtual museums on Google Maps and Google Arts & Culture. Over 15,000 masterpieces have been tagged and scanned for you to explore and study. SOURCE: The Keyword Story Timeline Google Search now lets you play solitaire and tic tac toe Google Search, Maps helps you navigate crowds this holiday season Google Search to add Offline and Lite search modes plus Recent tab Google Search now gives fun trivia at the top of your search results Google Search now has better shortcuts for your information need TAGS Android Google google search Rei Padla Must Read HTC U11 Hands-on: squeezing every last measure available BlackBerry KEYone Review Samsung Galaxy S8 Review Community 922.6klikes 478.3kfollowers 85.9kcomments / Free WordPress Plugins and WordPress Themes by Silicon Themes. Join us right now! Latest Devices ZTE nubia Z17 Motorola Moto Z2 Play Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise RSS Feed © 2008 - 2017 Android Community
The Toy Book The Leading Trade Publication for the Toy Industry New Products Toy Report Editorial Calendar Articles Commentary About Us Contact Animal Jam—Play Wild! Named Best App for Kids June 1, 2017 By Maddie Michalik Leave a Comment WildWorks‘ Animal Jam—Play Wild! was named “Best App for Kids” at the Google Play Awards at Google I/O 2017, which highlighted the year’s best app and games across twelve categories. With more than 85 billion apps and games downloaded on Google Play over the past year, Animal Jam was chosen from the five nominated kid-focused apps for its family-friendly design that encourages creativity, exploration and education for kids. The twelve winners were selected by cross-functional teams throughout Google who work hand-in-hand with the relevant categories and product areas. Each category had its own specific criteria, but met common requirements for all chosen apps including high star ratings, freshness, and technical performance. In Animal Jam–Play Wild!, players can chat with friends, play games, and learn about the natural world around them from in-game videos, animal facts, and downloadable e-books. The app has garnered over 5.5 million lifetime downloads and has consistently been among the top three most-downloaded apps for iOS and Android devices in the Kids and Family categories in the U.S. The app is available for free in the Amazon App Store, Apple App Store, and Google Play Store. Jazwares is the master toy partner for the the Animal Jam brand. The line includes figures, play sets, and plush items. Filed Under: Uncategorized Tagged With: Animal Jam, best app for kids, Google Play, Jazwares Speak Your Mind Cancel reply Name * Email * Website New Products Colorific to Launch Products in North America May 31, 2017 By Casey Holland Leave a Comment Australian global developer and kids’ products marketer Colorific will bring its toy brands and activity kits to North America. Colorific’s products include activity kits, youth electronics, vehicles, and preschool products, and other items. The company entered a partnership with Perpetual Play Group Ltd and has engaged ChizComm Ltd. to be its agency of record. ChizComm Ltd. [...] ThinkGeek Launches Mystery Collectible Subscription Box Service May 24, 2017 By Casey Holland Leave a Comment ThinkGeek is set to launch the ThinkGeek Capsule, a limited edition service that delivers different “geeky” items to its customers’ doors every month. The subscription service will include three Capsules with ThinkGeek merchandise valued at more than $50. Merchandise will include T-Shirts, pins, desktop replicas, household essentials, art prints, and more. Items are from fandoms [...] Mattel Introduces New Mega Construx Despicable Me Construction Line May 23, 2017 By Maddie Michalik Leave a Comment Mattel’s Mega Construx brand released new construction sets based on Despicable Me 3, ahead of the movie’s release next month. The new products include the Mega Construx Micro Action Figure Series, Despicable Me 3 Cheese Festival Assortment, Mini Vehicle Assortment, Agnes and Minion Feature Pack Assortments, Gru’s Water Motorbike, Family Luau Party, and Dru’s Transforming Vehicle. [...] The Jim Henson Co., McFarlane Toys Partner for Figures Inspired by Labyrinth, The Dark Crystal May 22, 2017 By Stephanie Grassullo Leave a Comment The Jim Henson Co. partnered with McFarlane Toys to create figures based on characters from two of Henson’s features, Labyrinth and The Dark Crystal. McFarlane Toys will produce fully-articulated action figures that are replicas of their on-screen characters. The toys will feature a 7-inch figure of Labyrinth’s Jareth the Goblin King, as well as Jen [...] Jay@Play Launches Flip Zee Girls May 18, 2017 By Maddie Michalik Jay@Play, creators of the two-in-one FlipaZoo plush, launched Flip Zee Girls Dolls. Kids can flip the plush dolls from baby to girls. The line now features six styles to collect, each with its own personality and pets: Zara Flower, Zabrina Ballerina, Zandy Candy, Zana Strawberry, and Zuri Cat. The dolls are outfitted in dresses and [...] More Posts from this Category Come Tweet with Us #ICYMI: Have one of YOUR designs come to love with the @surprizamals design contest! https://t.co/HSsBvLnqTW https://t.co/Jge1y6NNGQ about 15 hours ago from Hootsuite ReplyRetweetFavorite .@SonyPictures Entertainment consumer product division establishes first china-based licensing arm: https://t.co/TJ5T61dXW7 10:00:56 AM June 03, 2017 from Hootsuite ReplyRetweetFavorite .@AnimalJam—Play Wild! is named best app for kids: https://t.co/ulJgjB30Cy 12:01:19 PM June 02, 2017 from Hootsuite ReplyRetweetFavorite @toybook    TOY Digital Subscribe to The Toy Report Terms of Use Archives Select Month June 2017  (4) May 2017  (87) April 2017  (51) March 2017  (57) February 2017  (78) January 2017  (57) December 2016  (36) November 2016  (56) October 2016  (70) September 2016  (70) August 2016  (46) July 2016  (53) June 2016  (64) May 2016  (52) April 2016  (44) March 2016  (43) February 2016  (94) January 2016  (45) December 2015  (27) November 2015  (27) October 2015  (55) September 2015  (74) August 2015  (111) July 2015  (97) June 2015  (84) May 2015  (78) April 2015  (80) March 2015  (95) February 2015  (100) January 2015  (69) December 2014  (80) November 2014  (98) October 2014  (102) September 2014  (97) August 2014  (82) July 2014  (79) June 2014  (85) May 2014  (75) April 2014  (92) March 2014  (98) February 2014  (67) January 2014  (35) December 2013  (92) November 2013  (92) October 2013  (106) September 2013  (88) August 2013  (101) July 2013  (87) June 2013  (94) May 2013  (76) April 2013  (79) March 2013  (71) February 2013  (75) January 2013  (67) December 2012  (70) November 2012  (86) October 2012  (94) September 2012  (86) August 2012  (103) July 2012  (79) June 2012  (79) May 2012  (13) April 2012  (31) March 2012  (18) February 2012  (31) January 2012  (15) December 2011  (30) November 2011  (34) October 2011  (51) September 2011  (35) August 2011  (16) July 2011  (41) June 2011  (78) May 2011  (31) April 2011  (14) March 2011  (33) February 2011  (26) January 2011  (20) December 2010  (16) November 2010  (28) October 2010  (53) September 2010  (20) August 2010  (85) July 2010  (83) June 2010  (134) May 2010  (45) April 2010  (66) March 2010  (59) February 2010  (70) January 2010  (30) December 2009  (36) November 2009  (67) October 2009  (47) September 2009  (3) Return to top of page Copyright © 2017 · Customization by Jula Studio on the Genesis Framework · Log in
Login Learn more about Thomson Reuters Foundation Sign up for our Newsletter Home Women's Rights Climate Trafficking Property Rights Humanitarian Food Videos Search EXCLUSIVE-Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping case by August -sources by Reuters Thursday, 1 June 2017 17:50 GMT Share: Newsletter sign up: Most Popular Former Yazidi sex slave makes tearful return to her Iraqi village Activists occupy former British women's prison to protest cuts Tanzania to protect cities from climate threats with urban plan 'Historic mistake' by Trump - but climate action will go on One in five twins dies under age 5 in sub-Saharan Africa - Lancet (Adds details, observer's comments) By Foo Yun Chee BRUSSELS, June 1 (Reuters) - EU antitrust regulators aim to slap a hefty fine on Alphabet unit Google over its shopping service before the summer break in August, two people familiar with the matter said, setting the stage for two other cases involving the U.S. company. The European Commission's decision will come after a seven-year investigation into the world's most popular internet search engine triggered by scores of complaints from both U.S. and European rivals. The EU competition authority accused Google in April 2015 of distorting internet search results to favour its shopping service, harming both rivals and consumers. The Commission and Google declined to comment. The U.S. company has in the past rejected the charges, saying that regulators ignored competition from online retailers Amazon and eBay Inc. Fines for companies found guilty of breaching EU antitrust rules can reach 10 percent of their global turnover, which in Google's case could be about $9 billion of its 2016 turnover. Apart from the fine, the Commission will tell Google to stop its alleged anti-competitive practices but it is not clear what measures it will order the company to adopt to ensure that rivals get equal treatment in internet shopping results. The regulator could set out general principles or specific instructions for Google to follow, said an observer. The Commission's tough line is in sharp contrast with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission which settled its own web search case with the company in 2013 by requiring Google to stop "scraping" reviews and other data from rival websites for its own products. Google made three unsuccessful attempts to settle the case with the previous European Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia in a bid to stave off a possible fine and a finding of wrongdoing. Almunia's successor Margrethe Vestager, however, has shown no willingness to settle with Google. The company has also been charged with using its Android mobile operating system to squeeze out rivals and with blocking competitors in online search advertising related to its "AdSense for Search" platform. The platform allows Google to act as an intermediary for websites such as online retailers, telecoms operators or newspapers. The Commission has warned of massive fines in both cases. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Susan Fenton and David Evans) Share Tweet Share Email EXPLORE MORE NEWS Original With a bit of 'time travel', Malians prepare farms of the future Iraqi Shi'ite paramilitaries take Baaj town west of Mosul from Islamic State -army FACTBOX-Cosby trial puts U.S. states' sex-crime prosecution laws in focus U.S.-backed Syrian forces seize dam west of Raqqa from Islamic State -SDF About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of almost 40 journalists and 100 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Copyright © 2017 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) Latest News With a bit of 'time travel', Malians prepare farms of the future Activists occupy former British women's prison in protest against cuts From menstruation to masturbation, Indian soap draws 400 million viewers INTERVIEW - Red Cross flags violence as top humanitarian priority in Latin America Tanzania seeks to protect cities from climate threats with urban plan Lack of 'safe' jobs keeping educated women from work in India Child brides are on the rise in India's towns and cities - report Malaysia holds contest on how to 'prevent' homosexuality 'Historic mistake' by Trump - but climate action will go on, experts say One in five twins dies under age 5 in sub-Saharan Africa - Lancet Join Us
LATEST NEWS: May 28, 2017Read the PIGB as passed by Senate (business, economy, featured) May 22, 2017Why work has not started on Apapa roads - Fashola (featured, news) May 22, 2017Coach excited as FC Ifeanyi Ubah wallop 3SC in Ibadan + Match Day 20 results (football, sport) May 22, 2017Acting President to hold interactive session on new Executive Orders (business, economy, featured) 05. June 2017 LAGOS STATE26°C+234 809 400 0057 PRIVACY POLICYADVERT RATESSUBMIT NEWS     Home News Sport Politics Columns Business Life & Style Crime R&D Health Diet and Fitness Intimacy Entertainment Photos Fashion Movies Music Advert Rates NANJune 1, 20174min0 Biafra Democracy Day google Google Searh Paul Pogba Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade Related Articles News Group presses for Yoruba unity on restructuring News Cameroonian soldiers block highway, call for wages to be paid News FG vows to prosecute purveyors of fake news News My mother was a disciplinarian, a firm believer in education – Obanikoro News Nepotism charges against Osinbajo unfair – Aide BusinessEconomyNews N5 fuel levy: We don’t intend to further burden Nigerians – Senate News Corruption: Cape Verde, Zambia battle Nigeria at African court over SERAP’s case News Biafra, Democracy Day dominate Google search Google’s Spokesman Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade, made the announcement in Lagos on Thursday Nigerians took to Google during the week to know more about Biafra and the history of democracy in Africa’s most populous nation. Google’s Spokesman Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade, made the announcement in Lagos on Thursday. Kola-Ogunlade, who is Google’s Communications and Public Affairs Manager for Anglophone West Africa, said the searches were apparently to know more about Biafra. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that some groups observed a sit-at-home protest on May 30, to commemorate the 50th anniversary since the Biafra uprising ended. Kola-Ogunlade said that Nigerians searched for Democracy Day, Biafra News, Biafra Day, Tiger Woods, Ernesto Valverde and Paul Pogba in the search engine. According to him, a group, the Muslim Rights Concern has rejected May 29 as Nigeria’s Democracy Day, describing it as fraudulent, unrealistic and escapist. KolaOgunlade said: “The group asked the Federal Government to declare June 12 as Democracy Day instead. “May 29 was chosen by the last military regime of General Abdul Salaam Abubakar. “Nigerian researched more on the topic on Google search using the terms: when is democracy day in Nigeria.” The spokesman said that Nigerians also searched for: “why do we celebrate democracy day in Nigeria” and “history of democracy day in Nigeria and democracy day 2017”. The searches commenced on May 25 and ended on May 31. Kola-Ogunlade said there was total shutdown in Nigeria’s South East on May 30, following the Indigenous People of Biafra’s sit-at-home order. He said that the order was to mark the 50th anniversary of the declaration of the defunct Republic of Biafra and also to honour heroes and heroines of the liberation struggle. The Google chief said that the sit-at-home order was totally complied with in the five states in the South East. Kola-Ogunlade explained that people searched Google using terms such as ‘Biafra news today’, ‘Biafra latest news’, ‘radio Biafra news’ and ‘radio Biafra’. The spokesman said that Golf superstar, Tiger Woods’ arrest and charge for driving under the influence by the police in Florida on May 29 also trended on Google. He said that the former golf world number one had to deal with a fresh blow as he struggled to resurrect his career. “Nigerians went on Google to search for ‘Tiger Woods net worth’, ‘Tiger Woods arrested’, ‘Tiger Woods news’, ‘DUI’ and ‘Serena Williams’. The Google chief said that Barcelona FC President, Josep Bartomeu, on May 29 officially confirmed the appointment of Ernesto Valverde as the club’s new head coach, replacing Luis Enrique. Kola-Ogunlade said that sports fanatics Googled ‘Ernesto Valverde profile’, ‘Barcelona’, ‘Who is Ernesto Valverde’ and ‘Barcelona new coach’. He also said that Paul Pogba’s visit to Mecca to give thanks for a good season trended on Google. He said: “Paul Pogba visited Islam’s holiest city, Mecca this week to pray and offer his appreciation for a successful season with Manchester United and to mark the beginning of Ramadan. “Nigerians visited Google to search ‘Paul Pogba religion’, ‘Is Paul pogba a Muslim’, ‘Paul Pogba profile’ and ‘Paul Pogba biography’.” Google Trends launched in May, 2006, allows one to see how popular search terms and their demography have been overtime on the search engine. ADVERT How I Increased my Manhood Size & Stopped Premature Ejaculation That Scattered My Relationship.. Click HERE For Details. Share this: WhatsApp Telegram Email Related previousUS partners Lagos on ports administration, infrastructure development nextLagos street sweeper charged with theft of Christ Embassy’s Plasma TV Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment * Name * Email * Website Post Comment Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Recent Posts Trump attacks London mayor after attack FIRS introduces six online tax solutions Suspect sponsors false N10b allegations against EFCC official Oshodi crisis: NURTW, RTEAN leaders arrested + photos of operation NNPC pledges support for legislation to stop gas flaring Senate to meet with CBN over high interest rate Gov. Aregbesola seeks restructuring of Police Force Group presses for Yoruba unity on restructuring Administrator raises alarm over imminent collapse of Ajaokuta Steel Company Lagos LG poll: We’ve concluded process for choosing candidates – APC RCCG donates ICU equipment to LASUTH Cameroonian soldiers block highway, call for wages to be paid Looking to seriously shed those unwanted fat... Let's help out. * Sweet 16, figure 18 * Life begins at 40 * flat tummy, Sexy shape, hubby's choice. * just want to be Healthy? Time to get in touch is now, no more delays. Call/WhatsApp: 08023324727 Most Popular Video of alleged bomb blast in Oshodi mischievous - Lagos police Six killed as terrorists attack London again Police uncover new robbery strategy, offer advice Nigerian singer arrested in US for fraud speaks on Twitter How we'll raise N5 from imported products for road maintenance - Senate + Template Excitement in FUTA as Birds 1 Satellite is successfully launched Breaking: Ronaldo hands Real Madrid Champions League trophy, sets record Breaking: Shakeup in FRSC, 71 senior officers redeployed Criticisms trail N1,500 sale of T-shirt for Moji Olaiya’s burial About us The Eagle Online is published by Premium Eagle Media Limited 27, Joseph Odunlami Street, off Thomas Salako Street, Ogba, Lagos. Email: info@theeagleonline.com.ng, dotunoladipo@theeagleonline.com.ng Phone: 08023145962, 08094000057 Whatsapp: 08094000057 SEND US A MESSAGE Latest posts Breaking: Shakeup in FRSC, 71 senior officers redeployed Six killed as terrorists attack London again How we’ll raise N5 from imported products for road maintenance – Senate + Template Newsletter Email * Categories HOME PRIVACY POLICY ADVERT RATES SUBMIT NEWS CONTACT US © Copyright by The Eagle Online 2012 – 2017. All rights reserved. HOME PRIVACY POLICY ADVERT RATES SUBMIT NEWS CONTACT US ADVERT How I Increased my Manhood Size & Stopped Premature Ejaculation That Scattered My Relationship.. Click HERE For Details. Share this: WhatsApp Telegram Email Related Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
About US Contact US Registration Sunday June 4th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Analysis-Reportage MIL Analysis-Reportage Security-Intel-Police Security Intelligence Cyber Security Defence Economics Environment There’s no better time to get Verizon unlimited with amazing deals on phones running on the best network By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  June 2, 2017  /  Comments Off on There’s no better time to get Verizon unlimited with amazing deals on phones running on the best network       Print       Email MIL OSI Economics – Source: Verizon Headline: There’s no better time to get Verizon unlimited with amazing deals on phones running on the best network People love Verizon unlimited, and with savings of hundreds of dollars on the hottest phones this summer, the best network in the land and even more benefits with Total Mobile Protection, now is the best time to be on Verizon. Get the must-have phones for $15 a month with trade-in Treat yourself – or the dad or grad in your life – beginning June 1 with great deals sure to make everyone happy. For a limited time, when you switch to Verizon and sign up for unlimited, you can get the hottest phones including Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Moto Z Droid, Moto Z Droid Force, Samsung Galaxy S8, Samsung Galaxy S8+ or LG G6 for as low as $15 per month on device payment when you trade in an eligible phone.* In addition, you’ll get a $100 Amazon gift card when you switch to Verizon or sign up for an additional line of service.** If you’re already on the best network and interested in upgrading, you can get Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL for as low as $15 a month too. Get a free Google Home with Pixel or Pixel XL purchase For a limited time, purchase a Google Pixel or Pixel XL and get a Google Home for free after mail-in rebate. That’s a $129.99 value. Unlimited on the best network – only from Verizon We anticipated the popularity of Verizon unlimited, so we built our network for the future, not just for today. With Verizon unlimited, you get HD video streaming, Mobile Hotspot, calling and texting to Mexico and Canada and up to 500 MB/day of 4G LTE roaming in Mexico and Canada, but we’re not limiting you to a single plan. If you don’t need unlimited data, we still have 5 GB, S, M, and L Verizon plans to help you get the plan that fits you best. Any phone is only as good as the network it’s on – don’t be fooled by discount networks that may leave you disconnected when it matters most. Verizon’s 4G LTE covers over 2.4 million square miles or nearly 800 million more square miles than the discount guys. In fact, according to the RootMetrics Second-Half 2016 US Mobile Network Performance special report, “Based on our testing, Verizon is the undisputed leader in terms of coverage and network reliability. Indeed, Verizon’s network reliability results were the strongest among all carriers at the metro, state, and national levels in the second half of 2016.” The study is RootMetrics’ most recent, gathering input from the four national wireless companies over the exact same period of time. Defend against cracked screens, now for less Once you choose a new phone, it’s now even easier to defend against cracked screens and save money at the same time. With Total Mobile Protection from Verizon, you’ll be covered in case of loss, theft or damage for just $11 for a single line. Cracked screen repairs are available in most U.S. cities and the deductible for repairing cracked screens recently dropped from $79 to $49.*** Whether you drop your new phone on the pool deck, at a concert or while waiting for ice cream this summer, with Total Mobile Protection we’ve got your back.  *Eligible trade-ins include Apple: iPhone 7, 7 Plus, 6S, 6S Plus, 6, 6 Plus, SE; Samsung: Galaxy S8, S8+, S7, S7 edge, S6, S6 edge, S6 edge+, S5, Note 4 / 5; Google: Pixel, Pixel XL; Motorola: Z Droid, Z Force, Turbo 2, Z Play; LG: G6, G5, G4, V20, V10; HTC: 10, M9. **Submit proof of purchase to vzw.com/digitalrebatecenter within 30 days of purchase. Limited time offer. ****Cracked screen repair is available in select markets for certain smartphones.   For full TMP program terms visit www.phoneclaim.com/verizon.     Print       Email Published: 3 days ago on June 2, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: June 2, 2017 @ 5:14 am Filed Under: Banking and Finance, Business, Computer Technologies, Economics, English, Global Economy, MIL OSI, MIL OSI Economics, Open Source Intel, Trade, Verizon NEXT ARTICLE → Q&A with SAP CEO Bill McDermott: Market Dynamics and SAP Strategy ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE 6/1/17: Verizon Board declares quarterly dividend About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Pope Francis: homily for Pentecost, 2017 Pope Francis: prayers for victims of London terror attacks ‘Real Sentiment Behind World Environment Day Must Pervade Every Moment of the Day’: Dr Harsh Vardhan Canada hosts World Environment Day Celebration Strikes Continue in Effort to Defeat ISIS in Syria, Iraq © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Will Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Die by Ad Blocker? A Chrome ad blocker would seem to be a self-sustained shot to the foot, but GOOGL stock won't notice a thing By Brian Wu, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Jun 1, 2017, 9:25 am EDT Get AMZN alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: Is Elon Musk Right About Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock? Is International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Stock All Out of Air? Will Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Die by Ad Blocker? Recent Posts: Is International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Stock All Out of Air? Will Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Die by Ad Blocker? Can Bitcoin Become Better at Being Gold Than Gold? View All Posts Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) tacked on roughly 7% in gains for May to clock in just under $990, and is rapidly closing in on the $1,000 psychological mark. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) touched their first, but there’s little doubt that a clean break of the four-digit figure would mean big things for GOOGL stock. Source: Shutterstock Alphabet has its impressive Q1 earnings beat in April 27 to thank for the strong momentum. Not even news that its search division, Google, will soon bring an ad-blocking feature to both the desktop and mobile versions of its popular Chrome browser have dampened the mood at the bull camp. The headline received very little attention at the time, but with GOOGL stock at all-time highs, it’s worth diving into potential threats. Alphabet Is Protecting the Gravy Train The last time anything of those seismic proportions happened in the advertising industry was back in 2015 when Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) made good its threat to allow third-party ad-blocking extensions on iOS 9 and future operating systems. At the time, GOOGL stock tanked nearly 5% in response. The ad blocking feature looks like Google is shooting itself in the foot, at first glance. Though it’s far from clear what shape or form Google’s ad-blocking tool will take. One option though would be to block  all ads from any site that carried even a single offending ad. The company could work with the Coalition for Better Ads to determine which ads don’t meet the cut, meaning most pop-up ads, auto-play videos and some countdown ads including YouTube’s pre-roll ads would likely be cut off. Google says it’s still ironing out the details regarding whether the feature will be enabled by default — if it ever comes to pass. There are two key reasons why GOOGL would want to take such a controversial move: To create a good user experience To preempt the proliferation of third-party ad-blocking tools. This will not be the first time that Google will be going to extreme lengths to protect its advertising gravy train. Anybody remember the AdSense Conspiracy? Maybe you don’t, but the long and short of it is that a couple of years ago Google literally banned thousands of publishers from its lucrative AdSense program in a bid to get rid of publishers who were gaming the system through illegal practices such as click fraud. Google says it found it necessary to weed out the bad actors, including those who were buying lots of low quality traffic (read: clicks that convert poorly and offer little returns to advertisers) in a bid to preserve the integrity of its display network. Is Ad Blocking Really a Threat to GOOGL Stock? Basically, it’s the same script here, but with a different cast. Google is well-aware that too many offending or irrelevent ads create a bad experience for end-users and lead to poor ROI for advertisers — all of which can badly backfire on the company. We saw that in March when giant brands and advertisers including AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T), the British government, PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) pulled their advertising dollars from Google after their ads were featured on YouTube videos posted by extremists. Alphabet ostensibly wants to avoid a repeat of the same, and also to make sure extremists don’t get paid in the future. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/will-alphabet-inc-googl-stock-die-by-ad-blocker/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks to Buy and Hold for the Next 5 Years 7 Dividend Stock Picks That Make the Grade 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High WWDC: 10 Biggest Apple Reveals Ever 10 High-Tech Gifts Dad Will Love ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High 4 Coal Stocks That Are in Danger, With or Without Trump Most Popular 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 7 Stocks to Buy That Wall Street Got Dead Wrong 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
MAGAZINE EVENTS PAPERS TOPICS GOVTECH 100 NAVIGATOR SEARCH Applications 7 in 10 Smartphone Apps Share Your Data With Third-Party Services Once an app has permission to collect that information, it can share your data with anyone the app’s developer wants to – letting third-party companies track where you are, how fast you’re moving and what you’re doing. by Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez, University of California, Berkeley and Srikanth Sundaresan, Princeton University / June 1, 2017 Shutterstock Our mobile phones can reveal a lot about ourselves: where we live and work; who our family, friends and acquaintances are; how (and even what) we communicate with them; and our personal habits. With all the information stored on them, it isn’t surprising that mobile device users take steps to protect their privacy, like using PINs or passcodes to unlock their phones. The research that we and our colleagues are doing identifies and explores a significant threat that most people miss: More than 70 percent of smartphone apps are reporting personal data to third-party tracking companies like Google Analytics, the Facebook Graph API or Crashlytics. When people install a new Android or iOS app, it asks the user’s permission before accessing personal information. Generally speaking, this is positive. And some of the information these apps are collecting are necessary for them to work properly: A map app wouldn’t be nearly as useful if it couldn’t use GPS data to get a location. RELATEDIndependent ISPs Take Aim at SF Internet Access OrdinanceFCC Approves Waiver to Allow N.Y. North Country ISP to Operate Under Rural DesignationFederal Court to Rehear Case Exempting ISPs from Privacy Regulations But once an app has permission to collect that information, it can share your data with anyone the app’s developer wants to – letting third-party companies track where you are, how fast you’re moving and what you’re doing. The help, and hazard, of code libraries An app doesn’t just collect data to use on the phone itself. Mapping apps, for example, send your location to a server run by the app’s developer to calculate directions from where you are to a desired destination. The app can send data elsewhere, too. As with websites, many mobile apps are written by combining various functions, precoded by other developers and companies, in what are called third-party libraries. These libraries help developers track user engagement, connect with social media and earn money by displaying ads and other features, without having to write them from scratch. However, in addition to their valuable help, most libraries also collect sensitive data and send it to their online servers – or to another company altogether. Successful library authors may be able to develop detailed digital profiles of users. For example, a person might give one app permission to know their location, and another app access to their contacts. These are initially separate permissions, one to each app. But if both apps used the same third-party library and shared different pieces of information, the library’s developer could link the pieces together. Users would never know, because apps aren’t required to tell users what software libraries they use. And only very few apps make public their policies on user privacy; if they do, it’s usually in long legal documents a regular person won’t read, much less understand. Developing Lumen Our research seeks to reveal how much data are potentially being collected without users’ knowledge, and to give users more control over their data. To get a picture of what data are being collected and transmitted from people’s smartphones, we developed a free Android app of our own, called the Lumen Privacy Monitor. It analyzes the traffic apps send out, to report which applications and online services actively harvest personal data. Because Lumen is about transparency, a phone user can see the information installed apps collect in real time and with whom they share these data. We try to show the details of apps’ hidden behavior in an easy-to-understand way. It’s about research, too, so we ask users if they’ll allow us to collect some data about what Lumen observes their apps are doing – but that doesn’t include any personal or privacy-sensitive data. This unique access to data allows us to study how mobile apps collect users’ personal data and with whom they share data at an unprecedented scale. In particular, Lumen keeps track of which apps are running on users’ devices, whether they are sending privacy-sensitive data out of the phone, what internet sites they send data to, the network protocol they use and what types of personal information each app sends to each site. Lumen analyzes apps traffic locally on the device, and anonymizes these data before sending them to us for study: If Google Maps registers a user’s GPS location and sends that specific address to maps.google.com, Lumen tells us, “Google Maps got a GPS location and sent it to maps.google.com” – not where that person actually is. Trackers are everywhere Lumen’s user interface, showing the data leakages and their privacy risks, found for a mobile Android game called ‘Odd Socks.’ ICSI, CC BY-ND More than 1,600 people who have used Lumen since October 2015 allowed us to analyze more than 5,000 apps. We discovered 598 internet sites likely to be tracking users for advertising purposes, including social media services like Facebook, large internet companies like Google and Yahoo, and online marketing companies under the umbrella of internet service providers like Verizon Wireless. We found that more than 70 percent of the apps we studied connected to at least one tracker, and 15 percent of them connected to five or more trackers. One in every four trackers harvested at least one unique device identifier, such as the phone number or its device-specific unique 15-digit IMEI number. Unique identifiers are crucial for online tracking services because they can connect different types of personal data provided by different apps to a single person or device. Most users, even privacy-savvy ones, are unaware of those hidden practices. More than just a mobile problem Tracking users on their mobile devices is just part of a larger problem. More than half of the app-trackers we identified also track users through websites. Thanks to this technique, called “cross-device” tracking, these services can build a much more complete profile of your online persona. And individual tracking sites are not necessarily independent of others. Some of them are owned by the same corporate entity – and others could be swallowed up in future mergers. For example, Alphabet, Google’s parent company, owns several of the tracking domains that we studied, including Google Analytics, DoubleClick or AdMob, and through them collects data from more than 48 percent of the apps we studied. Data transfers observed between locations of Lumen users (left) and third-party server locations (right). Traffic frequently crosses international boundaries. ICSI, CC BY-ND   Users’ online identities are not protected by their home country’s laws. We found data being shipped across national borders, often ending up in countries with questionable privacy laws. More than 60 percent of connections to tracking sites are made to servers in the U.S., U.K., France, Singapore, China and South Korea – six countries that have deployed mass surveillance technologies. Government agencies in those places could potentially have access to these data, even if the users are in countries with stronger privacy laws such as Germany, Switzerland or Spain. Connecting a device’s MAC address to a physical address (belonging to ICSI) using Wigle. ICSI, CC BY-ND   Even more disturbingly, we have observed trackers in apps targeted to children. By testing 111 kids’ apps in our lab, we observed that 11 of them leaked a unique identifier, the MAC address, of the Wi-Fi router it was connected to. This is a problem, because it is easy to search online for physical locations associated with particular MAC addresses. Collecting private information about children, including their location, accounts and other unique identifiers, potentially violates the Federal Trade Commission’s rules protecting children’s privacy. Just a small look Although our data include many of the most popular Android apps, it is a small sample of users and apps, and therefore likely a small set of all possible trackers. Our findings may be merely scratching the surface of what is likely to be a much larger problem that spans across regulatory jurisdictions, devices and platforms. It’s hard to know what users might do about this. Blocking sensitive information from leaving the phone may impair app performance or user experience: An app may refuse to function if it cannot load ads. Actually, blocking ads hurts app developers by denying them a source of revenue to support their work on apps, which are usually free to users. If people were more willing to pay developers for apps, that may help, though it’s not a complete solution. We found that while paid apps tend to contact fewer tracking sites, they still do track users and connect with third-party tracking services. Transparency, education and strong regulatory frameworks are the key. Users need to know what information about them is being collected, by whom, and what it’s being used for. Only then can we as a society decide what privacy protections are appropriate, and put them in place. Our findings, and those of many other researchers, can help turn the tables and track the trackers themselves. Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez, Research Assistant Professor, IMDEA Networks Institute, Madrid, Spain; Research Scientist, Networking and Security, International Computer Science Institute based at, University of California, Berkeley and Srikanth Sundaresan, Research Fellow in Computer Science, Princeton University This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. RELATED Independent ISPs Take Aim at SF Internet Access Ordinance FCC Approves Waiver to Allow N.Y. North Country ISP to Operate Under Rural Designation Federal Court to Rehear Case Exempting ISPs from Privacy Regulations DISCUSS We invite you to discuss and comment on this article using social media. MORE FROM Applications You may also like Independent ISPs Take Aim at SF Internet Access Ordinance MAGAZINE Government Technology June 2017 Read now Subscribe NEWSLETTER Scan the day’s headlines, as well as original and breaking technology news for state and local government readers. Subscribe PAPER Case study: City of LA Integrates Real-Time Security Intelligence Sharing Across 40+ City Agencies Download Latest Issue SUBSCRIBE Our Network CENTER FOR DIGITAL EDUCATION CENTER FOR DIGITAL GOVERNMENT DIGITAL COMMUNITIES EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT FUTURESTRUCTURE PUBLIC CIO GOVTECH NAVIGATOR Social © 2017 All rights reserved. e.Republic ABOUT PRIVACY CONTACT ADVERTISE
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Gboard v6.3 enables search suggestions in the Google app and widget for some Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/06/01 9:32am PDTJun 1, 2017 39 Plus 1 on G+ 77 Share on Facebook 43 Share on Twitter Total Shares159 Applications News Google dropped a new version of Gboard last night, which includes a number of cool improvements to search. Some people are reporting another interesting feature in the form of Google search suggestions int he Google app and widget. Not everyone seems to have this, though. On older versions of Gboard, the keyboard's suggestion bar disappears when doing a search. That's still what it looks like for myself and most other AP staff after the update to v6.3. However, we've heard from a not insignificant number of people who are seeing the suggestion bar. This appears when searching via the Google widget and within the Google app. It seems to work just like the suggestion bar elsewhere. Start typing, and the keyboard guesses what word you might want to use next based on your typing history and the power of Google's prediction engine. Just grab the new version of Gboard and open a search to see if you've got it. Download QR-Code Gboard - the Google Keyboard Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Thanks: Zachary Kew-Denniss, Kapil Adhikesavalu, and everyone else Tags app updates apps gboard Google search subscribe ... Previous Story Motorola reveals the Moto Z2 Play with a smaller 3,000mAh battery and new Moto Mods ... Next Story Epic Little War Game is the first new title in the series in three years, and it's out today Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Suicide_Note Can confirm i have this on my XL. Also had a nice little dog paw on my spacebar, until a separate update this morning removed it. Artem Russakovskii Yes https://plus.google.com/+ArtemRussakovskii/posts/aYxevnQNXK7 https://plus.google.com/+ArtemRussakovskii/posts/BsXuhKZQbmz F4LL0U7 I got that too, briefly. I think they accidentally pushed out the dogfood version. mike shwilly Somehow the suggestions/corrections bar doesn't even appear for me on menus like that. Anyone got a clue? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fcf5ae1af260f403d6fe67b4a16960601a0f678f624415845c966be49de6c152.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/7db6affa5d2544f41d448de7188c46494be0ca138cb1088830fd557174531b65.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0729dbe9f8f2b6951428091c0dc20c66822aa0bd1fb3d8c8198fba4181bd896a.png Artem Russakovskii That's the mystery - I'm not seeing suggestions either, but many are. mike shwilly I think i had this problem since Nexus 5. It has always been really annoying. Suicide_Note Deftones are a terrible band. Hurricane Andrew I still do not see it on my S7 Edge. I wonder if launcher choice makes a difference. I use Action Launcher. Would be interesting to know what launcher people who are and are not seeing this are using. Yuri Vidal on my s7 it works. are you a beta tester? i also dont use touchwiz launcher. the suggestion bar works for me on chrome, and on google app too. jkl888 I see the suggestions on my phone Artem Russakovskii I'm on the Pixel Launcher, tried both Google app 7.2 and 7.3, and Gboard 6.2 and 6.3, and I don't have this. Reply and post your launcher, Google App version, and Gboard version, and whether you have suggestions or not. Armando Rodriguez Have you notice that the "short" height is shorter than previous versions? abqnm Are you on an S8 or G6? They tweaked some proportions on the odd aspect ratio devices. The S8 doesn't have the hugely tall spacebar anymore, which may be why it seems that way. If you're not on one of those I'm not sure as it seems the same to me. Armando Rodriguez Nexus 5 DPI at 420 Raz Have it. Nova Beta, GBoard 6.3.15.157483061-arm64-v8a, Google app 7.3.19.21.arm64. The new GBoard just asked for access to my SMS to improve the suggestions. Bruno Logerfo wait since when there's a dark theme for the google widget? João Ricardo He problaby has a theme kervation I am using a Google Pixel XL with the stock pixel launcher, running Google app version 7.3.19.21 & Google Gboard version 6.3.15.157483061. I have the suggestion bar for the Google app and also the Chrome beta browser and regular Chrome browser. I also have search suggestions show up when typing in the Google app. JATIN BANSAL I think this is also new. Earlier in dark themes, they used to have a white glow around emoji but now it is gone. I like it now https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c8bcc901c9f60b97c05dc467df6fa4838f96cabcfbf6421714f5ec7189958205.png roberto.elena I wished the keyboard had a dynamic theme that would change automatically based on the app being used, like the status bar does: Youtube = red, WhatsApp = green, Facebook = blue, etc. thegrau There's a third party keyboard that does exactly that. Can't remember the name, but I believe it's based on AOSP Yuri Vidal chroma keyboard Łukasz Ordon There is also Xposed module that can do that... I used to use it but the framework is not available for 7.0+ yet... Adriannacsmith Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dy165c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dy165c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs455DirectDriveGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dy165c:....,...... EmirSc minium has this. thecoolkid Thank god! I hated the glow, not very material design... Lexster Okay, but...when will they put a freaking space after punctuation? It's not that difficult, but after using Swiftkey, I really can't get used to having to put a space after punctuation. catalysto I would NOT want that. Don't need my OCD flaring up with unnecessary spaces. Though, sure, it should probably be an option. Lexster How are spaces after periods of sentences unnecessary? hype67 In acronyms, when the dot doesn't denote the end of a sentence. As decimals. Others situations I can't remember off the top of my head. Lexster USe acronyms with periods a lot, do you? I can't remember the last time I did. It's not generally required for acronyms. You put FBI, not F. B. I. But, yes, it's a little annoying with decimals, but that can generally be programmed to recognize if the space isn't needed. Swiftkey often does. It misses sometimes, sure, but usually works well. If a field needs an IP address, it usually knows this and doesn't put a space. And yes, it can be annoying with website names, but it's much easier to backspace every once in awhile than have to hit space after every single period or question mark. Łukasz Ordon Just press space twice :P It puts full stop AND a space after it... Lexster Yes, but I prefer having the space after punctuation. Doesn't require two taps of the space bar. And it only enters periods. Łukasz Ordon Oh well... You can't make everyone happy... Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Typing URLs and email addresses is a giant pain in SwiftKey. catalysto When it's the last sentence. Lexster Okay? Well, it doesn't add a space until you type a letter, so if it's the last sentence, there wouldn't be a space unless you typed something else. catalysto A period does not always signify the end of a sentence though. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman So glad it doesn't do that. One of the worst things in SwiftKey. Typing URLs and email addresses was such a giant pain in the ass. Hitting space after I type a period isn't a big deal to me AT ALL. Especially since I'm used to typing on a keyboard anyway, so do it automatically. Lexster There some reason it can't be an option? Or do you think because you don't want it that no one should? Jarrett Lennon Kaufman You didn't indicate an option. An option might be okay, although I think it might break enough things as to cause them problems overall. Sometimes options that break the experience are left out to prevent frustration when users forget they're responsible for their own problem. ozzyager I do see suggestions when doing a search. I also recieved the dog bone version first, before being updated again shortly thereafter. Maybe just a coincidence? catalysto Same thing happened to me. It's still working after updating to the non-beta version, too. Though I'm in the beta program for Gboard, so maybe that has something to do with it? My version number is 6.3.15.157483061-arm64-v8a, in case anyone is curious. Łukasz Ordon That Gboard app version with dog paw should not be released publicly. It indicates 'dogfood' version (as googlers call it) which should be tested only inside Google. Dogfood is just debug version of normal app (don't quote me on that tho) ozzyager Correct. This is why I wondered if there was any connection between that version being released by accident to some, like myself, and only some seeing the suggestions when doing a search. Of course it might just be a server side update that is being tested, etc. Łukasz Ordon I've myself got dogfood version but shortly after (like 5 mins later) I've received another update with normal apk... Armv7 version btw :p roberto.elena It also gives suggestions in Chrome while in incognito mode. abqnm While that may be unwanted, it should be pointed out that it now gives suggestions in the Chrome address bar. Period. Previously it did not suggest anything at all in the Chrome address bar, incognito or no. I still don't have it in search though. It does work when typing to Assistant, but it may have done that previously. boop Can someone explain the nav bar in the second pic? Łukasz Ordon It's probably Pixel phone navbar... destinyhud pixel phone if u mean the down arrow then when u click a bar the left become a down arrow boop The color, I mean destinyhud thats probably Gboard's feature. maybe with 6.3 Hurricane Andrew Running Action Launcher 3, Google app version 7.3.19.21, Gboard version 6.3.15.157483061 and do not have the suggestions in the search app. Łukasz Ordon Talking about Google app itself... apparently, cards in Google Now feed have new design now https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5fbd4b5888c4ad6d684f6ab3ba7589a3354607b05f565c0b7aed404237d8d8dc.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ed878edc7fa830f93bf49db1a7d5c8b4267ae6cada762eb9d0e723312cd72c5a.png Łukasz Ordon Aaaaand it's gone... Now cards are normal for me... Take look at football match card (I mean the 'title' of it) https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/150e49575e0870a2a9ca2cf19dd64acd4a3c720df42161667388f2bc104c7a1b.png Federico Rios Im still here with the 5.2.1 version before it called Gboard in Android O DP2 and im SO HAPPY :D whispy_snippet I've never understood why this feature hasn't always existed. Teja The word prediction is the only thing I worry about. Swiftkey is way better than Gboard which made me to switch back to Swiftkey. Michael Oghia Does anyone else experience problems with the spell check feature? Sometimes I misspell a word, it tells me it's misspelled, but then doesn't offer any suggestions. It used to work better a few years ago (when it was still just keyboard or whatever it was called). Vratislav Jindra I would swear I had this yesterday. Today it disappeared. Stephen Diniz Search for emojis by drawing? :D https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/35659ac9a986709c60b979ddb14d2f0a6fb43fca949e34b15c66c9a6976e51d1.png Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 133 queries | 0.521s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Photos Videos Topics Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Technology News Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping service case Shares3 Fri, 2 Jun 2017-11:22am , Reuters EU antitrust regulators aim to slap a hefty fine on Alphabet unit Google over its shopping service before the summer break in August, two people familiar with the matter said, setting the stage for two other cases involving the U.S. company. The European Commission's decision will come after a seven-year investigation into the world's most popular internet search engine triggered by scores of complaints from both U.S. and European rivals. The EU competition authority accused Google in April 2015 of distorting internet search results to favour its shopping service, harming both rivals and consumers. The Commission and Google declined to comment. The U.S. company has in the past rejected the charges, saying that regulators ignored competition from online retailers Amazon and eBay Inc. Fines for companies found guilty of breaching EU antitrust rules can reach 10 percent of their global turnover, which in Google's case could be about $9 billion of its 2016 turnover. Apart from the fine, the Commission will tell Google to stop its alleged anti-competitive practices but it is not clear what measures it will order the company to adopt to ensure that rivals get equal treatment in internet shopping results. The regulator could set out general principles or specific instructions for Google to follow, said an observer. The Commission's tough line is in sharp contrast with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission which settled its own web search case with the company in 2013 by requiring Google to stop "scraping" reviews and other data from rival websites for its own products. Google made three unsuccessful attempts to settle the case with the previous European Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia in a bid to stave off a possible fine and a finding of wrongdoing. Almunia's successor Margrethe Vestager, however, has shown no willingness to settle with Google. The company has also been charged with using its Android mobile operating system to squeeze out rivals and with blocking competitors in online search advertising related to its "AdSense for Search" platform. The platform allows Google to act as an intermediary for websites such as online retailers, telecoms operators or newspapers. The Commission has warned of massive fines in both cases. TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Technology ISRO's GSAT-19, GSAT-11 satellites to revolutionise communications in region Social Media WATCH| Soon, magical pub to open for Harry Potter fans Science Playing a musical instrument can be good for brain, claims research Science China plans to launch space telescope to understand Milky Way pulsars Science Russian and French astronauts end 196-day mission on ISS, land on Earth Technology Microsoft is paying users to search with Bing over Google Related Apple readying Siri-powered home assistant: Report Google marks ICC Champions Trophy with its addictive doodle India e-education market to be worth $1.96 billion by 2021: Report Video WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma View all Tags Google European Commission Margrethe Vestager EU U. S. Joaquin Almunia U. S. Federal Trade Commission Amazon eBay Inc SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Case registered against NDTV co-founder Prannoy Roy for causing loss to bank INSIGHT-Canada beats US in pork sales to China - feet, elbows and all As Russia probe grinds on, Trump struggles to gain traction on agenda Comey to be pressed on whether Trump interfered with Russia probe US Secretary of State Tillerson says China needs to step on N. Korea Sport Soccer-Hazard to miss Belgium matches after fracturing ankle Rugby-O'Driscoll incident back in focus at Blues team naming NBA-James struggles to find any positives after another big defeat Dominic Thiem demolishes Zeballos to march into French Open quarters Rugby-Patience needed for Australia's rookie coaches, says Byrne Entertainment 'Wonder Woman' soars with $100.5 million, 'Pirates 5' fizzles out at US box office Ariana Grande gets emotional as she closes One Love Manchester concert Tight security and tears at benefit concert for Manchester bomb victims Ariana, others perform in Manchester as tribute to attack victims Ariana Grande returns to Manchester stage for benefit show Money China stocks fall even as IPO pace cools; Hong Kong also eases Goldman, Nomura heeded warnings before Venezuela bond deal FOREX-Dollar edges away from lows hit on downbeat US jobs data, sterling slips South Korea draws up $10 billion extra budget to create jobs Sensex slips 41 points on profit-booking, mixed Asian cues Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Gmail takes on spam and phishing messages with new security features Newsby Mitja Rutnik3 days ago 128 17 Google has added a bunch of new security features to Gmail including early phishing detection that uses machine learning, click-time warnings for malicious links, unintended external reply warnings, and built-in defenses against new threats. According to Google, machine learning already helps Gmail block spam as well as phishing emails with an accuracy of over 99.9 percent. The online search giant wants to further improve the spam protection accuracy with early phishing detection, which basically delays certain messages (less than 0.05 percent on average) and performs what Google describes as a rigorous phishing analysis. It works together with the Google Safe Browsing tech that looks for and flags URLs that are considered phishy. See also: Gmail SMTP settings and Gmail setup – a quick guide 6 days ago Google has also added unintended external reply warnings to Gmail. Whenever you send an email to someone outside of your company domain, a warning will pop up asking you if you really want to send it. Thankfully, if you’re sending the email to an existing contact or someone who you’re communicating with on a regular basis, the warning won’t be displayed. That’s an important factor, as it could get quite annoying if the warning would appear every single time you wanted to send an email, right? Google also claims that the new built-in defenses against ransomware and polymorphic malware now help Gmail block a lot more emails that have the potential to harm users in some way. Threats are classified by combining a bunch of spam, malware, and ransomware signals with attachment heuristics (emails that could be threats based on signals) and sender signatures (already marked malware). News Google, Gmail Gmail, Google  Google Mitja Rutnik Leave a comment The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 15 hours ago25 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars CLOUD Ok Google Sheets, make me a chart Blair Hanley Frank@Belril June 1, 2017 10:26 AM Above: Google Sheets. Image Credit: Screenshot It’s now easier to create charts from data stored in Google Sheets, thanks to a new feature added Thursday. Users can open up the Explore tab and type in the sort of chart they want, and the software will produce it for them. For example, typing “bar chart of revenue and profit” is supposed to generate exactly that. The feature uses machine learning to parse a user’s text input and translate that into a chart. It’s designed to make it faster for people to create visuals based on their data, without requiring them to wade through a set of menus using trial and error in order to get the right result. Above: An animated GIF shows Google’s new chart generation feature. That builds on Google’s existing investments in using machine intelligence to simplify the creation and analysis of data in its spreadsheet software. The company launched the Explore tab in Sheets in 2015, which automatically generated charts for users based on the content of a spreadsheet. Google is locked in a battle with Microsoft over which tech titan will provide productivity software to modern workers, and these intelligent capabilities can help the company compete. In addition, Sheets gained some capabilities that are aimed directly at addressing the needs of legacy Excel users. Users can now set their own custom keyboard shortcuts for particular functions, so that they can use the same keybindings they’re used to from Excel. Google also updated Sheets’ printing functionality, so that users have more control over how a spreadsheet looks on paper. Sheets’ chart editing capabilities got an upgrade, too. Users can select custom colors for their diagrams, add multiple trendlines, and create 3D charts. Users who have iPhones and iPads can also edit charts on their mobile devices, something that wasn’t previously possible. Google’s spreadsheet software also now supports syncing data in tables between Sheets, Docs, and Slides. Users can copy data from a spreadsheet and paste it into a document or presentation, then click the update button to get the latest version of the information. That feature builds on support for live-updating charts that Google added last year. VB Recommendations IBM Research creates a groundbreaking 5-nanometer chip Why shortcuts for Google Home are a total waste of time Are chatbots just another fad?
MyNewMarkets.com Claims Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management Featured Stories New Captive Law in Tennessee Illinois Workers’ Comp Measure News Markets Jobs Front Page National International Most Popular Magazine Forums Blogs Videos/Podcasts Newsletters News Most Popular National International East Midwest South Central Southeast West Topics P&C Companies Agents & Brokers Government Markets/Coverages Operations Claims More Topics Magazines East Midwest South Central Southeast West Subscribe Research Directories Jobs Sales Marketing Management Finance Claims Underwriting Other Features Events Forums Buyers Guide Insurance Twitter Market Directories Ad Showcase Quotes Polls Subscribe Google’s Paid Carpooling Service Being Expanded Across California By Michael Liedtke | June 1, 2017 Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Article Comments Google is expanding its paid carpool service throughout California, building on an effort to get more traffic-weary drivers to share their rides to work, and to collect data that could be useful for future transportation services. The Wednesday move by Google’s Waze unit, best known for its navigation and traffic monitoring app, extends the year-old carpooling service outside its initial markets of northern California and Israel. Waze will now be pairing up drivers and passengers across a wider expanse that includes heavily congested highways in Los Angeles and other parts of southern California. Waze connects drivers and riders with similar commutes based on their home and work addresses. Riders request carpool rides in advance, but aren’t guaranteed matches. Drivers can only pick up one rider; they also get to review the profiles of potential riders in advance and to select the ones they prefer. Riders can only request two rides a day. The service is primarily focused on rush-hour commutes, when the odds of successfully matching drivers and riders are highest. Waze said tens of thousands of drivers and passengers have registered for carpooling in northern California. It won’t begin booking carpooling requests outside northern California until June 6 to give interested drivers and riders a chance to sign up for the program. Since signing up for Waze’s carpooling service in February, Lesley Watson says she gets paid $3.50 to $5.50 every time she gives someone a ride on her morning commute from her home in Oakland to her job at an advertising agency in San Francisco. Sometimes, she also picks up a passenger on her evening commute home, although she usually drives solo on her return trip. “It has helped me offset my commute costs for gas, tolls and parking,” Watson, 28, says. It also has given her a chance to make new friends among the five or six people she regularly picks up through the Waze app. Although the expansion could pose a threat to Uber and Lyft, most people who use ride-hailing services don’t rely on them to get to work, according to survey data. Instead, most people use Uber and Lyft for recreational or social reasons, particularly between 10 p.m. and 4 a.m. when public transit shuts down in many places. That’s according to a survey of 4,500 people conducted last year by the Shared-Use Mobility Center, a group that focuses on public transit and ways to reduce the number of cars on the road. Only 21 percent of the respondents summoned a raid-hailing service to commute to work, and then did so sporadically, the study found. Cost could easily be a factor. For instance, commuting to downtown San Francisco from the suburb of Lafayette via Uber could cost between $30 and $40 each way using the service’s own carpool option, according to Uber’s fare estimator . On Waze, that 22-mile ride would cost no more than $12.42. Unlike ridesharing services, Waze’s carpooling service isn’t designed to provide drivers with a major source of income. It tries to calculate a price that’s most likely to encourage two people to carpool instead of driving separately. At most, drivers are paid 54 cents per mile, the rate that Internal Revenue Service allows to account for gasoline, insurance and maintenance for a vehicle used on business. “We want the ride to be affordable enough for riders so they use it frequently and we want drivers to be rewarded for taking a detour to fill an extra seat,” said Josh Fried, head of business development for the carpooling service. The service also doesn’t make much money for Google, which derives most of its income from digital advertising. But the company will be amassing data on commuters and their travel habits. That could be useful to Google for a variety of purposes, including targeted advertising and planning potential future transport services, including any involving the self-driving cars one of its spinoffs, Waymo, is currently testing. While carpooling has been around for decades, it’s never been particularly popular. “People don’t want to get tied to something that requires them to ride with the same people and be in a certain place at a certain time,” said Sharon Feigon, executive director for the Shared-Use Mobility Center. Using technology to match drivers and passengers on days they want to participate in a carpool offers more flexibility that may get more people to try it out, and discover they like it, Feigon said. But it’s not an easy business. Lyft ended its carpool service nine months ago, citing a shortage of drivers willing to meet the demand. It’s currently experimenting with another commute-hour option called Shuttle that makes designated stops on routes in two test markets, San Francisco and Chicago. The expansion makes it more likely that Waze will offer carpooling in other urban regions, although Fried declined to comment on that possibility. So far, the only other market that Waze has confirmed is Brazil, where the carpooling service will begin operating later this year. Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. About Michael Liedtke AP Technology Writer More from Michael Liedtke Interested in Ridesharing? Get automatic alerts for this topic. Subscribe Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Categories: West News Topics: California, Google, Lyft, rideshare, ridesharing, Uber, Waze Have a hot lead? Email us at newsdesk@insurancejournal.com Advertisers See Comments (0)Add a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Comment Notify me of comments via e-mail More News Growing Number of Municipal Suits Over Opioids Face Uphill Battle According to the Computer, You’ll Be Dead in 5 Years Florida Youth Activist Urges Industry to Step Up Fight Against Climate Change 12 States Have Advanced Tougher Distracted Driving Bills This Year Will U.S. Go or Will It Stay in Paris Climate Accord? Trump Gets Conflicting Advice Look on the Bright Side of Transition to Autonomous Driving Trump Expected to End U.S. Participation in Paris Climate Pact Willis Towers Watson, Tech Firm Roost to Form Home Telematics Testing ConsortiumMore News Features Most Popular Now This Week Commented According to the Computer, You'll Be Dead in 5 Years States May Seize U.S. Climate Change Leadership Following Trump's Paris Exit Trump Hands Climate Leadership Role to China to Dismay of Global Leaders High Agency Valuations 'Not a Fad,' MarshBerry Exec Tells Conference AmTrust Gets $300M Boost from CEO's Family AmTrust Gets $300M Boost from CEO's Family Insurer USAA Caught in Hannity TV Advertising Controversy High Agency Valuations 'Not a Fad,' MarshBerry Exec Tells Conference Why 27% of U.S. Firms Have No Plans to Buy Cyber Insurance According to the Computer, You'll Be Dead in 5 Years Insurer USAA Caught in Hannity TV Advertising Controversy | Comments (65) Trump Expected to End U.S. Participation in Paris Climate Pact | Comments (60) Trump Hands Climate Leadership Role to China to Dismay of Global Leaders | Comments (41) Will U.S. Go or Will It Stay in Paris Climate Accord? Trump Gets Conflicting Advice | Comments (23) 3 Fossil Fuel Groups Drop Bid to Join Teens' Climate Change Lawsuit | Comments (13) More Top Stories RIMS 2017 Why Cyber Should Be Treated as Standalone Insurance Firms Value Cyber Assets Highly Until Time for Insurance Risk Managers in Denial Over Disruptive Technologies PotashCorp’s Seaman Takes Helm as 2017 RIMS President St. Joseph’s Team Wins Spencer-RIMS Risk Management Challenge Research and White Papers Free Newsletters Sign up to receive insurance news alerts! Daily Headlines Most Popular This Week MyNewMarkets.com Daily Insurance Jobs Newsletter (weekly) Carrier Management (new) Have a news tip? Tell us. Current Issue Read Online Download PDF Subscribe Available on the iPad Featured Videos Insurance Association Director Talks About Autonomous Vehicle RegulationsListen Now Travelers' Drone Program Changes the Way Its Claims Reps Do BusinessWatch Now Editors and Contributors Elizabeth Blosfield The Graham Company Becomes 100% Employee Owned Stephanie K. Jones Iowa GOP's Workers' Comp Bill Signed by Governor Don Jergler Golden Bear Claims Manager Addresses Agency Fraud Randy Schwantz The Wedge: Top 7 Agency, Producers Problems Owners Should Solve Quote of Note We think this is really an important coverage for the state of California. More Quotes Partner Center Reader Poll Who stands to gain the most from shifting more flood insurance business to the private sector? Insurance Jobs Property and Casualty Licensed Insurance Agent - Manhattan Beach, 90266 SIU Case Manager – Liability - Chicago IL Sales Operations Analyst - Chicago IL Senior Placement Specialist / Team Leader - Chicago, IL Property & Casualty Client Coordinator - Deer Park IL Top 10 Technical Fouls to Avoid When Filing Environmental Claims Report: Agency Organic Growth Under Pressure What to Know About Underwriting Restaurants & Bars Carriers Turn to Agents As Auto Insurance Sales Stagnate: J.D. Power Selfies Add to Museum Hazards TWIA Says its Financially Sound for 2017 Hurricane Season Seacoast Roads Under New Threat From Rising Sea Level Massive Big Sur Landslide Added 13 Acres to Coast Jun 22 Your Work Comp Audit is Wrong - Welcome to the Club Jul 20 Certificate of Insurance: You Can't Always Get What You Want Aug 24 Hope I Die Before I Get Old Else Medicare is Going to Knock me Cold Sep 14 Are Water Damage Claims Drowning Your Profits? Insurance News News by Region News by Topic Yesterday Site Search Features Insurance Markets Directory Forums A.M. Best Company Ratings Industry Events Agencies Wanted / For Sale Buyers Guide Newswire Ad Showcase Insurance Jobs Connect with us Email Newsletters Magazine Subscriptions For Your Website RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Insurance Journal Submit News Advertise Subscribe Reprints Link to Us Contact Us Wells Media Group Network Insurance Journal Online MyNewMarkets.com Claims Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management © 2017 by Wells Media Group, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map
Insurance Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance MyNewMarkets.com Carrier Management Featured Stories Liability Insurance Law Restatement Hail Damage Claims Jumped 48% in 2016 IAIABC Workers' Comp Talks Highlight ... High Court Limits Injury Suit Venue Shopping Front Page Most Popular Topics Workers' Comp Property Liability Auto Adjusters Fraud Claims and Costs Loss Control More Topics Jobs Events Resources Research Buyers Guide Disaster Guide Forensics Guide All Guides CE Requirements Weather Map Blogs Videos/Podcasts Newsletters Nest Focuses on Adding Facial Recognition to Home Security Cameras By MICHAEL LIEDTKE | June 1, 2017 Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Article Comments Nest Labs is adding Google’s facial recognition technology to a high-resolution home-security camera, offering a glimpse of a future in which increasingly intelligent, internet-connected computers can see and understand what’s going on in people’s homes. The Nest Cam IQ, unveiled Wednesday, will be Nest’s first device to draw upon the same human-like skills that Google has been programming into its computers – for instance, to identify people in images via its widely used photo app. Facebook deploys similar technology to automatically recognize and recommend tags of people in photos posted on its social network. THE COST OF FACIAL RECOGNITION The new camera will set you back almost $300, and you’ll also have to pay $10 a month for a plan that includes facial recognition technology. The same plan will also include other features, such as alerts generated by particular sounds – barking dogs, say – that occur out of the camera’s visual range. The camera will only identify people you select through Nest’s app for iPhones and Android devices. For instance, you could program the device to recognize a child, friend or neighbor, after which it will send you a notifications about that person being in the home. It won’t try to recognize anyone that an owner hasn’t tagged. Even if a Nest Cam IQ video spies a burglar in a home, law enforcement officials will have to identify the suspect through their own investigation and analysis, according to Nest. PRIVACY CONCERNS Facial recognition is becoming much more common on home-security cameras. Netatmo, for instance, introduced a security camera touting a similar facial recognition system in 2015. That camera sells for $100 less than the Nest Cam IQ. The way that the Nest and Netatmo cameras are being used doesn’t raise serious privacy concerns because they are only verifying familiar faces, not those of complete strangers, said Jennifer Lynch, who specializes in biometrics as a senior staff attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital advocacy group. But Lynch believes privacy issues are bound to crop up as the resolution and zoom capabilities of home security cameras improve, and as engineers develop more sophisticated ways of identifying people even when an image is moving or only a part of a face is visible. Storing home-security videos in remote data centers also raises security concerns about the imagery being stolen by computer hackers. “It definitely could become a slippery slope,” Lynch said. The privacy issues already are thorny enough that Nest decided against offering the facial recognition technology in Illinois, where state law forbids the collection and retention of an individual’s biometric information without prior notification and written permission from a person. FURTHER DETAILS Nest’s $10 monthly subscription plans includes video storage for 10 days. Video can be stored for a maximum of 30 days with an upgrade to a subscription plan costing $30 per month. The high-end camera supplements lower-resolution indoor and outdoor cameras that Nest will continue to sell for almost $200. Neither of the lower-end cameras is equipped for facial recognition. Nest can tap into Google’s expertise in artificial intelligence because both companies are owned by the same parent company, Alphabet Inc. Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Categories: National News Topics: connected homes, facial recognition, home security, Nest Have a news tip? Email us at newsdesk@claimsjournal.com « Previous articleAbove Normal Atlantic Hurricane Season Predicted This Year Next article »People News: MEMIC, TrueMotion, Chubb Advertisers See Comments (0)Add a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Notify me of comments via e-mail More News Selfies Add to Museum Hazards CoreLogic: 6.9M Homes at Risk for Hurricane Storm Surge Damage in 2017 Texas Coast on Alert Due to Rising Sea, Hurricane Threat Private Insurers Could Gain Access to Federal Flood Program California Landslide Adds to $1B Highway Damage Earthquake Models Continue to Evolve Organizational Changes at Work Lead to Employee Skepticism, Distrust South Highest, Northeast Lowest for Child Auto FatalitiesMore News Features Sign up to get news! Follow Claims Journal Most Popular Now This Week Commented Selfies Add to Museum Hazards Imputed Contributory Negligence: Maximizing Auto Property Subrogation When Permissive User Driving High Court Limits Where Injury Lawsuits Against Firms Can Be Filed Massive Big Sur Landslide Added 13 Acres to Coast NICB: Texas Leads Nation as Hail Damage Claims Jumped 48% in 2016 NICB: Texas Leads Nation as Hail Damage Claims Jumped 48% in 2016 Zurich Uses Robots for Personal Injury Claims Document Review High Court Limits Where Injury Lawsuits Against Firms Can Be Filed $95.6M Awarded to Philadelphia Building Collapse Survivor Texas Coast on Alert Due to Rising Sea, Hurricane Threat More Top Stories Research and White Papers Have a news tip? Tell us. Claims Weather Map Claims Videos and Podcasts Why Building Codes Benefit InsurersListen Now Stakeholder Discussions Open Dialogue on Workers’ Comp IssuesListen Now Reader Poll Insurance Journal Books Claims News Latest News Most Popular News News by Topic Yesterday Site Search Features Claims Jobs Industry Events Buyers Guide Newswire Connect with us Email Newsletters For Your Website RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Claims Journal Submit News Advertise Subscribe Contact Us Link to Us Magazines Wells Media Group Network Insurance Journal MyNewMarkets.com Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management © 2017 by Wells Media Group, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Google announces new Gmail features to make email safer Listen | Print By James Walker     Jun 1, 2017 in Technology Google has detailed its latest progress in its ongoing work to make email more secure. The company claimed its automated systems can now detect and filter out 99.9 percent of phishing emails. The statement comes after a recent high-profile Gmail scam. In May, thousands of Gmail users were duped into falling for a phishing scam when attackers distributed an extremely widespread email purporting to be from Google Docs. The message made it through Google's spam filters and into inboxes worldwide, causing outcry on social media. Although Google responded rapidly to the situation, it wasn't enough to combat the days of negative publicity that followed. In the weeks since the campaign, Google has released a series of blog posts explaining how it is working to make Gmail safer and prevent similar emails from being spread again. In its latest post, it revealed that it now blocks phishing emails with "over 99.9 percent accuracy." It identifies scams using a network of machine learning models that constantly assess emails flowing through its network. The company's new early phishing detection model is now being introduced to take its systems a step further. The new neutral network performs selective analysis on a tiny subset of Gmail messages. In total, an average of less than 0.05 percent of all messages will be selected by the system. They'll be slightly delayed from reaching their recipient so they can be processed by advanced phishing analysis tools. READ MORE: Chinese 'Fireball' malware could cause 'global catastrophe' This preventative approach should help to stop future phishing campaigns before they have a chance to get established. Google is fighting an uphill battle though: the company said that between 50 and 70 percent of the Gmail messages received each day are spam. With this volume of messages to isolate and destroy, staying on top of the situation isn't an easy matter. "Security threats are constantly evolving and we’re always looking for ways to help people protect their data," Google said. "With new built-in defenses against ransomware and polymorphic malware, Gmail now blocks millions of additional emails that can harm users. We classify new threats by combining thousands of spam, malware and ransomware signals with attachment heuristics (emails that could be threats based on signals) and sender signatures (already marked malware)." Google also announced a new mechanism it's launching for Gmail customers who use the web app as part of their work. The company is debuting a system that's designed to alert you to potential sensitivity issues if you're addressing an email to somebody outside of your organisation. When you draft an email that's to an address on a different domain, Gmail will show a reminder not to send private information. It's designed to prevent you inadvertently sharing business files with external contacts you could have mistakenly selected. Even if you are intentionally messaging someone in a different firm, the prompt could remind you to think twice about what you're including in the email. More about Google, Gmail, Phishing, Scam, Email   Google Gmail Phishing Scam Email Latest News Top News Review: Hattie Webb's sublime new release To The Bone Special Chinese skinny-dippers defy public morals on nudity Jihadists occupy civilian homes as Mosul battle rages Mutant bacteria biofilms could be big problem for space travelers Beyond kebabs: Turkish cuisine seeks place at the table Jailed Venezuela opposition leader urges more anti-Maduro protests Trump agenda imperiled in distracted US Congress Low-cost and ultra-stable perovskite solar cell developed Review: Elizabeth Lyons back with upbeat and fun new single 'Champagne' Special Outrage as Trump targets London mayor after attacks Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
subscribe Vogue fashionbeautycultureliving runway videoshop Most Shared Culture > Books Catherine Lacey's Dating Dystopia The Answers Is This Summer's Must-Read Novel June 1, 2017 5:34 PM by Megan O'Grady Catherine Lacey's second novel, The Answers, will be released on June 6, 2017.Photo: Antoine Doyen/ Courtesy of Leemage “I’ll probably spend the rest of my life wanting these verifiable answers that just aren’t there,” says Catherine Lacey, midway through a Negroni at a Chicago bar. Recently named one of Granta’s Best Young American Novelists, the 32-year-old author, who has large, clear eyes and tattoos of paper clips on the insides of her arms, is talking about her second novel, The Answers (Farrar, Straus and Giroux), a darkly funny, tartly feminist look at the tender state of our bodies and souls in the Information Age. Though more ambitious than her sleeper-hit debut, Nobody Is Ever Missing, Lacey’s sophomore effort is, like its predecessor, grounded in the perspective of a young woman who is searching and a little strange; lacking a certain social coding, she seems almost dangerously porous. Mary, who suffers from an undiagnosed but debilitating illness, responds to a Craigslist ad for an “income generating experience” to pay for her expensive New Age energy therapy (“neuro-physio-chi bodywork”). Soon she’s embroiled in a bizarre experiment led by a famous actor she’s never heard of, Kurt Sky, who is on a quest to perfect the mechanisms of romantic love. Her job, as Kurt’s Emotional Girlfriend (there’s also an Anger Girlfriend and an Erotic Girlfriend, among others), is to listen, ask questions, and touch the actor’s hand at appropriate intervals. After five weeks, they will exchange keys; after two to four months, they will say “I love you” after “an emotionally intimate moment.” Mary turns out to be unusually well-suited for the role but also especially vulnerable to it, and if her backstory is a little makeshift—an off-the-grid childhood with a religious zealot for a father—she’s an ideal mouthpiece for the author’s sharp observations of an era in which there’s much to believe in but little to depend on. The novel, Lacey explains over drinks, came to be when two short stories unexpectedly merged, and was inspired in part by an encounter with an eerily perceptive therapist the author met while undergoing bodywork for scoliosis. “You can Google anything, but you can’t Google your body,” she says. “We’re so used now to being able to get accurate information very, very quickly, but you can’t get it about this meat thing that you’re dragging around,” she says, looking at me penetratingly. “You don’t know if you have cancer right now.” Lacey, whose work manages to be both conceptual and human, socially aware and mordant—think DeLillo for millennials—captures the absurdity of a culture that persists in thinking that enlightenment is a matter of the right purchase, hashtag, or Google search. Many of the novel’s memorable scenes could be described as surreal if they weren’t so real. Near the climax of the novel, Mary stops in a store, thirsty, and the following exchange ensues: "I’d like a water. Totally, what kind? Of water? We have coconut water, aloe water, ginger water, vegetable water, herb-infused water, yellow watermelon juice-enhanced water, turmeric water, and deionized apple-cider-vinegar agave water. A heavy dread overtook her." All of our waters, Lacey suggests, have only made us thirstier for things that can’t be bottled. “It’s like you’re five cleanses away from your insides being made of crystal,” says Lacey, with a laugh, “and I’ve been through all the therapy and I have a great relationship with everyone in my family now and I know where all my problems came from and I’m blissed out on a hilltop, tweeting about it.” As Kurt and Mary grow more attached, his experiment does little to illuminate the delicate matters of the heart, and instead, of course, complicates them hopelessly. “Love is a compromise for only getting to be one person,” Mary muses aloud to Kurt early in their relationship—a line that sounds more romantic than it turns out to be, especially after Kurt repurposes it later in the novel. (Lacey says she thought of the line while on MDMA.) For Mary and Kurt, love is less of an opportunity for mutual empathy and a relief from solitude than a challenge to identity. In an era of dating algorithms, to what extent can we trust our emotions, much less another person’s? “I don’t know if anyone can really fall in love under that level of scrutiny,” says the author, and it’s true that Kurt’s experiment is somewhat reminiscent of the television reality dating show The Bachelor in its efforts to atomize romance, only to kill off any humanity in it. “Could it ever be authentic? Anyway, I feel like at the beginning of any relationship, you’re observing yourself having it, there’s a degree of remove, and that’s why you have to stay with somebody long enough in order for that to kind of wear off. So then you’re not observing yourself being so thrilled, you’re just left with what actually is the feeling, not looking at it.” Lacey, who recently moved to Chicago to be with her partner (the author and fellow Best Young Novelist Jesse Ball), grew up in Tupelo, Mississippi, in a Methodist family—her father owns a hardware store that’s been in the family for almost a century—and she has a former Southerner’s distrust of the status quo. “I don’t know that I have much in common with the person I was when I was 14,” she says. “Even the person who wrote Nobody Is Ever Missing, I can’t really speak on her behalf anymore. The text is kind of what’s left of that person, and that person doesn’t exist anymore. It both makes me very uncomfortable and very relaxed, because who you are and what you think that you’re attached to vanishes very quickly.” After studying art at Loyola University New Orleans, she turned to writing, interested in essayistic journalism along the lines of Nick Flynn and Eula Biss. She was working on her MFA in nonfiction at Columbia University when she took a seminar on first person narrative fiction taught by Heidi Julavits. “I was trying to write about Mississippi for a long time, and about religion and religiosity, and I really should have been writing fiction,” says Lacey. “I was just spinning my wheels for years, trying to write something that just needed to be in a different form.” If love is one compromise for being only one person, literature is another. (A recent trip to Japan has Lacey reading Tanizaki’s The Makioka Sisters and Ishiguro’s A Pale View of Hills.) After a book tour for The Answers, there awaits a temporary return to her home state, where she’ll serve as the University of Mississippi’s John Grisham Writer in Residence through 2018. A short story collection is due out next year, and she’s finishing a “short, strange novel that began as a joke and ended up pretty serious.” At a time when any discussion of art inevitably bends to politics, it’s encouraging to find a novelist like Lacey asking questions that more subtly unnerve. “I don’t have to write a political book or a social novel in order to subtly change the way people perceive their immediate environment,” she says. “It’s much more about getting people to continue to think, period.” Recommended For You Vogue Fashion Beauty Culture Living Runway Magazine City Guides Videos Subscribe Vogue App Vogue Shop Promotions Vogue Archive Masthead Vogue Podcast Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Sign up for Newsletter Contact Press Accessibility Help Subscriptions Digital Editions Vogue Worldwide UK India Italy Mexico Australia Germany Korea Spain Taiwan Russia France Brazil Japan Portugal Ukraine Turkey China Reprints/Permissions Media Kits Careers Condé Nast Digital Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Magazine Customer Service Sitemap © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/2014) and Privacy Policy (Effective 1/2/2014). Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached, or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 27° | Max. 35° Air Quality: PSI 33-53 We set you thinking Monday 5 June 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore Restaurant in Safra Toa Payoh clubhouse suspended for rodent infestation, selling expired food 1496637840 Business BHP CEO says he has not met with Elliott since Barcelona 1496638120 World Mexico ruling party seen scraping to victory in key state vote 1496634440 World India's Petronet: no impact on Qatar LNG as Saudi, others cut ties 1496637146 World Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE sever ties to Qatar over 'terrorism' 1496637815 Business Oil jumps on Mideast tensions, London attacks hurt sterling; stocks subdued 1496636920 World India shows off space prowess with launch of mega rocket 1496636526 World China says 31 nationals detained in Zambia for illegal mining 1496635174 Business Herbalife raises profit forecast, tops key FTC threshold 1496635263 Business Foxconn says Apple, Amazon to join its bid for Toshiba chip business: Nikkei 1496634464 Singapore Netizen who drew flak for Traffic Police FB post charged with shoplifting 1496633280 Singapore Public sector to cut water and electricity usage by 2020 1496632860 World China hits back at Taiwan leader's offer of help on democracy 1496633021 World Russia's Putin denies having compromising information on Trump 1496627501 World Saudi Arabia cuts ties to Qatar, cites 'terrorism' 1496632191 World Egypt cuts ties with Qatar, cites support for 'terrorist' groups 1496632235 World London cops adjust to new terror reality with guns, helicopters 1496632627 Voices S’pore football should not rely on Foreign Talent Scheme 1496632620 World Bahrain cuts ties with Qatar for meddling in internal affairs 1496632263 World Mattis fails to ease Asia’s concerns about Trump 1496630820 Business Airlines' standoff in Venezuela getting worse as crisis deepens - IATA 1496630308 Business Fresh safety concerns hang over global airlines conference 1496630308 World "Enough is enough" PM May says after London attackers kill seven 1496606663 World Islamic State jihadists claim London stabbing rampage 1496629800 World In shadow of deadly attacks, British election campaign resumes 1496629165 World On social media, Cambodia’s Buddhist monks double as election correspondents 1496629323 World Trump criticized for tweet on London mayor after bridge attacks 1496628054 World Trump’s off-the-cuff tweets strain foreign ties 1496627520 Business IMF warns U.S. fiscal uncertainty, China's credit growth risk to Asia 1496626507 World China upset at Mattis' 'irresponsible remarks' on South China Sea 1496622240 World Blast hits petrochemical plant in China, damage unknown: Xinhua 1496623993 Singapore Thomas Chua, netizen criticised for FB post on Traffic Police officer, arrested for shoplifting 1496589300 World Hiring quotas seen as one option to bolster womenomics in Japan 1496623625 Business Finnair says its A350 deliveries getting back on track 1496622851 World Music stars unite in Manchester as fans face down fears 1496622727 Voices Food security: Vertical farming may be the answer 1496606520 Business Silk Road hub or tax haven? China's new border trade zone may be less than it seems 1496618716 World British police will name London Bridge attackers when "operationally possible" 1496617874 Singapore TODAY's morning brief for Monday, June 5 1496615400 China&India Singapore ‘very happy’ with China’s contributions to Shangri-La Dialogue 1496606520 Singapore Singapore must play its part in the war against terror: Ng Eng Hen 1496587440 Singapore State intervention ‘keeps extremism at bay, fosters integration’: Shanmugam 1496606520 Singapore Loved ones of those radicalised have a duty to report them: Shanmugam 1496590140 World Islamic State claims responsibility for London attack 1496614149 World 'Oi, cowards!': Londoners fought back as killers rampaged 1496612112 World UAE warns citizens against traveling to UK after London attacks 1496603857 World Some Palestinian ex-prisoners in Gaza say their salaries withheld 1496607491 World Venezuela eyes assembly vote in July; man set ablaze dies 1496605897 Business Coke, Cargill enter fray as sugar dispute threatens Mexico trade 1496608549 Business Saudi Aramco warned by lawyers on New York IPO litigation risks: FT 1496607390 Business Exclusive: Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping case by August - sources FILE PHOTO: A Google logo is seen in a store in Los Angeles. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 1:00 AM, June 2, 2017 Updated: 5:35 AM, June 2, 2017 BRUSSELS - EU antitrust regulators aim to slap a hefty fine on Alphabet <GOOGL.O> unit Google over its shopping service before the summer break in August, two people familiar with the matter said, setting the stage for two other cases involving the U.S. company. The European Commission's decision will come after a seven-year investigation into the world's most popular internet search engine triggered by scores of complaints from both U.S. and European rivals. The EU competition authority accused Google in April 2015 of distorting internet search results to favour its shopping service, harming both rivals and consumers. The Commission and Google declined to comment. The U.S. company has in the past rejected the charges, saying that regulators ignored competition from online retailers Amazon <AMZN.O> and eBay Inc <EBAY.O>. Fines for companies found guilty of breaching EU antitrust rules can reach 10 percent of their global turnover, which in Google's case could be about $9 billion of its 2016 turnover. Apart from the fine, the Commission will tell Google to stop its alleged anti-competitive practices but it is not clear what measures it will order the company to adopt to ensure that rivals get equal treatment in internet shopping results. The regulator could set out general principles or specific instructions for Google to follow, said an observer. The Commission's tough line is in sharp contrast with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission which settled its own web search case with the company in 2013 by requiring Google to stop "scraping" reviews and other data from rival websites for its own products. Google made three unsuccessful attempts to settle the case with the previous European Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia in a bid to stave off a possible fine and a finding of wrongdoing. Almunia's successor Margrethe Vestager, however, has shown no willingness to settle with Google. The company has also been charged with using its Android mobile operating system to squeeze out rivals and with blocking competitors in online search advertising related to its "AdSense for Search" platform. The platform allows Google to act as an intermediary for websites such as online retailers, telecoms operators or newspapers. The Commission has warned of massive fines in both cases. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble With flights back in the skies, British Airways must now repair damaged reputation Wild swings, lack of liquidity keeping U.S. funds out of bitcoin When economic data goes from great to good What's truly Italian? Food fight foils 'Made in Italy' plan Waymo working on self-driving trucks Wall Street slips as energy, financials lose ground Wall Street rises as data points to accelerating economy Wall Street little changed as financials drop, defensive stocks gain Wal-Mart tests delivery of online packages by store workers Wal-Mart reassures employees as it touts tech investments Inside Today World Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE sever ties to Qatar over 'terrorism' India's Petronet: no impact on Qatar LNG as Saudi, others cut ties India shows off space prowess with launch of mega rocket China says 31 nationals detained in Zambia for illegal mining Mexico ruling party seen scraping to victory in key state vote Business BHP CEO says he has not met with Elliott since Barcelona Oil jumps on Mideast tensions, London attacks hurt sterling; stocks subdued Herbalife raises profit forecast, tops key FTC threshold Foxconn says Apple, Amazon to join its bid for Toshiba chip business: Nikkei Fresh safety concerns hang over global airlines conference Sports S’pore football should not rely on Foreign Talent Scheme Busy Mok on track for KL SEA Games Horse-racing: Quechua wins QEII Cup on third attempt Singapore’s giant-killing run in Darts World Cup ends with narrow q-final loss New ActiveSG club launched for ultimate frisbee Entertainment Once-censored, Cubans now rock to the Beatles at Havana tribute concert Al Gore’s Inconvenient Truth sequel to include Trump’s exit from Paris Accord Actor who posted about Ah Boys to Men 4 audition questioned by cops Wonder Woman sets out on her quest to transform Hollywood Ariana Grande to return to Manchester for star-studded benefit gig About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Breaking News Search Search Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Google unveils plans for 1m sq ft London headquarters By Allyssia Alleyne, CNN Updated 10:08 PM ET, Sun June 4, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. Photos: Google's plans for new London HQ Google has submitted plans to build a new London headquarters, designed by Thomas Heatherwick and Bjarke Ingels. Hide Caption 1 of 6 Photos: Google's plans for new London HQ The proposed 11-story building would total 1 million square feet and include a landscaped rooftop garden. Hide Caption 2 of 6 Photos: Google's plans for new London HQ It would also have a swimming pool, cafe and athletic facilities. Hide Caption 3 of 6 Photos: Google's plans for new London HQ Ground-floor retail space has been factored into the design. Hide Caption 4 of 6 Photos: Google's plans for new London HQ The building would be near King's Cross railway station in London. Hide Caption 5 of 6 Photos: Google's plans for new London HQ If Google's application is approved, construction could start in 2018. Hide Caption 6 of 6 Story highlights Landscaped rooftop garden among plans for the 11-story, 1 million-square-foot building Construction will start next year if Google's plans are approved (CNN)Google has released designs for a new 11-story, 1 million-square-foot headquarters in London near King's Cross railway station, complete with a sprawling, landscaped rooftop garden. The facilities will include a cafe, gym and pool as well as a rooftop track and ground-floor retail spaces, according to the company's application for permission to build. The campus has been designed by an all-star team that includes Thomas Heatherwick, the British designer behind London's 2012 Olympic cauldron, and Danish architect Bjarke Ingels' BIG firm. The two are also collaborating on Google's Mountain View campus in California. Diplomatic design: New US embassies make an architectural statement The current designs seem characteristic of the two men. Heatherwick was the mastermind behind the recently scrapped garden bridge in London, and last year, Ingels opened what he calls a "courtscraper" -- a structure that combines a communal courtyard with the density of a skyscraper -- in New York. How tech revolutionizes architecture Read More "Our design for the new Google campus at King's Cross is rooted in the local character of the area, taking advantage of the contextually defined building envelope while creating continuously cascading work environments that will connect Googlers across multiple floors," Ingels said in a statement. Photos: London architecture in the 21st century King's Cross Station by John McAslan + Partners – John McAslan transformed London's King's Cross Station by removing the tunnel-like glass roof and adding a bow-shaped, 81,000-square-foot Western Concourse with a steel canopy. Hide Caption 1 of 12 Photos: London architecture in the 21st century ONE New Change by Ateliers Jean Nouvel – The 554,340-square-foot building, designed by Ateliers Jean Nouvel, provides a telescopic view of historic St Paul's Cathedral and is adorned with 6,500 triple-glazed glass panels. Hide Caption 2 of 12 Photos: London architecture in the 21st century Tate Modern Switch House by Herzog & de Meuron – Herzog & de Neuron extended the Tate Modern with over 220,000 square feet of new exhibition space. Reminiscent of a twisted pyramid, the building is lined with parallel strips of bricks. Hide Caption 3 of 12 Photos: London architecture in the 21st century Canaletto by UNStudio – UNStudio's Canaletto, which recalls Le Corbusier's vertical city, has layers of arching parentheses covering its exterior. Hide Caption 4 of 12 Photos: London architecture in the 21st century WILLIS Headquarters by Foster + Partners – Willis headquarters in Central London, designed by Norman Foster and his team, comprises two connected buildings arching outward. The concave facade is finished with reflective mica to minimize solar gain. Hide Caption 5 of 12 Photos: London architecture in the 21st century London Aquatic Centre by Zaha Hadid Architects – The London Aquatics Centre, designed by Zaha Hadid Architects, has a 11,200-square-foot steel roof in the shape of a wave. Two colossal glass walls maximumize natural light inside and offer views of the Olympic Park. Hide Caption 6 of 12 Photos: London architecture in the 21st century The Crystal by Wilkinson Eyre Architects – Located on the edge of East London's Royal Docks, the Crystal is an information center for sustainable design and renewable energy. Built with over 2,500 interconnected sustainable technologies, it is the first building to achieve both LEED Platinum and BREEAM Outstanding certifications. Hide Caption 7 of 12 Photos: London architecture in the 21st century New Court Rothchild Bank by OMA – The 10-story building, OMA's first project in London, is a glass cube with inserted steel columns. Hide Caption 8 of 12 Photos: London architecture in the 21st century Emirates Air Line by Wilkinson Eyre Architects – Rising nearly 300 feet above the river, the Emirates Air Line is London's newest form of transportation. Streams of cable cars can move across the Thames in under ten minutes. Hide Caption 9 of 12 Photos: London architecture in the 21st century LSE Saw Swee Hock Student Centre by O'Donnell + Tuomey Architects – London School of Economics' Saw Swee Hock Student Centre, designed by O'Donnell + Tuomey Architects, is a brick building with Flemish bond pattern that filters sunlight into the space, creating a geometric shadow on the floor. Hide Caption 10 of 12 Photos: London architecture in the 21st century Trinity Laban Conservatoire of Music and Dance by Herzog & de Meuron – Trinity Laban Conservatoire of Music and Dance, designed by Herzog & de Meuron in collaboration with artist Michael Craig-Martin, was awarded the RIBA Stirling Prize in 2003. At night, the concave building illuminates in color. Hide Caption 11 of 12 Photos: London architecture in the 21st century Town Hall Hotel by RARE Architecture – Singaporean hotelier Loh Lik Peng purchased former Bethnal Green Town Hall, a Grade II historically preserved structure, in 2007 and commissioned RARE Architecture to transform it into a luxury hotel. A patterned aluminum skin was added to the original structure. Hide Caption 12 of 12 "By opening up the ground floor and activating the roofscape, the light and airy workspaces are sandwiched between the terraced gardens on the roof -- and market halls, auditoria and shops on the ground." Heatherwick, whose studio is based in King's Cross, added: "We have treated this new building for Google like a piece of infrastructure too, made from a family of interchangeable elements which ensure that the building and its workspace will stay flexible for years to come." The company currently has a smaller headquarters in the area, along with another nearby building. Google had submitted designs for a new headquarters in 2013, but they were later scrapped. If the new application is approved by Camden Council, construction will start next year. Content by LendingTree Mortgage rates just plummeted. Lock in now! Veterans hit the jackpot in 2017 Crush your debt by refinancing to a 15 year fixed loan Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Rates now at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) Do you qualify? Paid Partner Content Consumers rush to jaw-dropping savings rates Bankrate $55 & up: Greater Fort Lauderdale summer stays, save 30% Travelzoo Mark Cuban predicts world's first trillionaire The Motley Fool Hidden hotspots in NYC that only locals know Time Lifestyle Buffett reveals big bet on Apple as rumors swirl The Motley Fool About Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Blogs Video NBA NHL MLB UFC NFL CFB Recruiting Soccer CBB Features Radio NASCAR Fantasy Golf Shop Tennis Cycling Boxing Horse Racing Podcasts Running Water Polo Wrestling Outsports Odds StubHub More Blogs Video NBA All NBA Atlanta Hawks Boston Celtics Brooklyn Nets Charlotte Hornets Chicago Bulls Cleveland Cavaliers Dallas Mavericks Denver Nuggets Detroit Pistons Golden State Warriors Houston Rockets Indiana Pacers Los Angeles Clippers Los Angeles Lakers Memphis Grizzlies Miami Heat Milwaukee Bucks Minnesota Timberwolves New Orleans Pelicans New York Knicks Oklahoma City Thunder Orlando Magic Philadelphia 76ers Phoenix Suns Portland Trail Blazers Sacramento Kings San Antonio Spurs Sonics Rising Toronto Raptors Utah Jazz Washington Wizards D-League and International NBA Odds WNBA and NCAA WBB NHL All NHL Anaheim Ducks Arizona Coyotes Boston Bruins Buffalo Sabres Calgary Flames Carolina Hurricanes Chicago Blackhawks Colorado Avalanche Columbus Blue Jackets Dallas Stars Detroit Red Wings Edmonton Oilers Florida Panthers Kings, Sharks, & Ducks Los Angeles Kings Minnesota Wild Montreal Canadiens Nashville Predators New Jersey Devils New York Islanders New York Rangers Ottawa Senators Philadelphia Flyers Pittsburgh Penguins San Jose Sharks St. Louis Blues Tampa Bay Lightning Toronto Maple Leafs Vancouver Canucks Washington Capitals Winnipeg Jets Fantasy Hockey NHL Odds MLB All MLB Arizona Diamondbacks Atlanta Braves Baltimore Orioles Boston Red Sox Chicago Cubs Chicago White Sox Cincinnati Reds Cleveland Indians Colorado Rockies Detroit Tigers Houston Astros Kansas City Royals Los Angeles Angels Los Angeles Dodgers Miami Marlins Milwaukee Brewers Minnesota Twins New York Mets New York Yankees Oakland Athletics Philadelphia Phillies Pittsburgh Pirates San Diego Padres San Francisco Giants Seattle Mariners St. Louis Cardinals Tampa Bay Rays Texas Rangers Toronto Blue Jays Washington Nationals Fake Teams MLB Odds MLB Trade Rumors Minor League / Rookies / Prospects Sabermetrics UFC MMA Fighting Bloody Elbow MMA Fighters MMA Fight Schedule MMA Mania MMA Rankings NFL All NFL Arizona Cardinals Atlanta Falcons Baltimore Ravens Buffalo Bills Carolina Panthers Chicago Bears Cincinnati Bengals Cleveland Browns Daily Fantasy Football Advice Dallas Cowboys Denver Broncos Detroit Lions Green Bay Packers Houston Texans Indianapolis Colts Jacksonville Jaguars Kansas City Chiefs Los Angeles Rams Miami Dolphins Minnesota Vikings New England Patriots New Orleans Saints New York Giants New York Jets Oakland Raiders Philadelphia Eagles Pittsburgh Steelers San Diego Chargers San Francisco 49ers Seattle Seahawks Tampa Bay Buccaneers Tennessee Titans Washington Redskins Fantasy Football NFL Mock Draft NFL Odds CFB All CFB Advanced College Football Stats College Football Odds College Football Recruiting Every Day Should Be Saturday View team list Recruiting Soccer All Soccer German Bundesliga English Premier League Italian Serie A MLS NWSL Odds Spanish La Liga View team list CBB All CBB Bracketology College Basketball Odds View team list Features Radio About SB Nation Radio Listen Live NASCAR Fantasy Golf Shop College Shop MLB Shop NASCAR Shop NBA Shop NFL Shop NHL Shop Soccer Shop UFC Shop Tennis Cycling Boxing Horse Racing Podcasts Running Water Polo Wrestling Outsports Odds StubHub ✕ #Lookit #NFL #LOL Why does Google think the Jaguars' official site is satire? The Jaguars may be trying to tell us something. by Adam Stites Jun 1, 2017, 1:22pm EDT tweet share pin Rec For a while now, Google news search results have labeled the Jacksonville Jaguars' official site as "satire." The team is a decade removed from its last winning season, so it feels accurate to call the franchise a joke. But what’s worse is that the mistake is probably the fault of Jaguars.com and not Google. How did it happen? The best guess is that someone at Jaguars.com accidentally applied the satire tag when setting up the site in the Google News Publisher Center. That has meant that for about a year, all links to Jaguars.com have been listed as comedy: Presumably, this will get fixed eventually. But I like to imagine that the Jaguars are secretly telling us that the team has been satirical performance art all along. Blake Bortles threw interceptions that bounced off his receivers’ feet in consecutive weeks during the 2016 season. Earlier in the season, he also made the comical mistake of running well past the line of scrimmage before throwing a pass. Then he made the SAME EXACT MISTAKE. All of this would make much more sense if Bortles was secretly playing the role of slapstick quarterback to provide us with football bloopers. We’re on to you, Jaguars. Next Up In NFL Jeremy Maclin could once again play alongside LeSean McCoy What was the best move each NFL team made this offseason? The tension in the Seahawks locker room isn’t that unusual after all Saints teammates are already raving about Adrian Peterson 5 NFL free agents who could still land with the right team A running list of everything William Hayes does and does not believe in Trending WWE Extreme Rules 2017 results: A contender is crowned Brock Lesnar finally knows who is coming for his title. LeBron James is tragically helpless against the Warriors The Warriors bring too much to the hardwood for even LeBron James to defeat by himself. His teammates have to do more. The Warriors absorbed the Cavaliers' best punch and still won by 19 Kevin Durant, Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson combined for 87 points to take a 2-0 series lead to Cleveland. This Article has a component height of 12. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Have a News Tip? Community Guidelines Masthead Browse Blogs About SBN Company Blog Blog Openings Guiding Principles All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Sports data © STATS 2016 tweet share
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu WHO AM I? Microsoft thinks blockchain tech could solve one of the internet’s toughest problems: digital identities Written by Joon Ian Wong Obsession Future of Finance June 01, 2017 Easier on a blockchain. (Reuters/Beawiharta) Share Written by Joon Ian Wong Obsession Future of Finance June 01, 2017 When swathes of the internet were taken offline for hours last year, it was because Internet of Things devices had been hijacked by a malicious botnet, known as “Mirai,” that overwhelmed parts of the global network with streams of data. The Mirai attacks were made possible by easily discovered passwords hard-coded into the cheap devices, which were mainly internet connected cameras. The cameras in turn were able to direct floods of traffic at targets because it’s easy to fake internet addresses. The vulnerabilities go to a core problem with the way the internet is designed: There isn’t a foolproof way to identify people or machines online. “The Mirai botnet is a direct result of the fact that we didn’t think about identity originally,” says Dan Elitzer, who leads work on blockchain technology and digital identity at the research and development unit of design consultancy Ideo. “Now it’s time to say we had some fundamentally flawed assumptions at the time.” Elitzer isn’t alone in his thinking. His firm is part of a group, including Microsoft, Accenture, and several startups, that launched the Decentralized Identity Foundation at the Consensus blockchain tech conference in New York May 30, with the goal of developing a system to reliably identify things on the internet. They think they’ll succeed because they’ll use blockchain technology, that same system catching the imagination of banks, corporations, and libertarians. Blockstack, one of the foundation’s startup members, has released a set of programming tools and a handful of pre-made apps that would create a decentralized internet. Greater decentralization of the internet would place more control in the hands of the user—or more specifically, the user’s devices, instead of relying on clouds operated by the likes of Google or Amazon. “Every character you type is literally going to Google,” says Muneeb Ali, Blockstack’s co-founder. “But your device is almost like a supercomputer. We just need to upgrade the internet infrastructure to be more user-friendly.” Among the apps Blockstack released at the conference is one for decentralized storage called Gaia that lets users keep files on existing, centralized services like Dropbox or Google Drive, while splitting up the contents and keeping them encrypted from the service operators. This turns the cloud services into “dumb drives,” Blockstack explained in a blog post. Blockstack faces an uphill climb. In order for its vision to succeed, the company must first convince developers to build things on top of the infrastructure it has designed. Those developers must then create compelling applications, which attract hoards of users. And that’s not taking into account competition from the internet giants they’re trying to disrupt. Even the inventor of the web, Tim Berners-Lee, is working to solve the same problem with his Solid project, which he hopes will “re-decentralize” the web—but with little evidence that his efforts are paying off. Microsoft’s involvement in the Decentralized Identity Foundation gives hope that the project’s quixotic goal may one day be realized. Microsoft is on the back foot when it comes to internet identities today, crowded out by widespread use of Gmail accounts or Facebook logins among consumers. “With Microsoft, it’s the Android play,” says Elitzer, referring to the Android operating system’s open-source nature, which allowed Google to rapidly grab market share in the smartphone sector. Daniel Buchner, who runs decentralised identity projects at Microsoft, sees the comparison to Android differently. “We’d want a fully open-source, unencumbered model where your data and your identifiers are yours, and not necessarily lock you in to an eco-system that is specific to us.” Big banks and corporates who think a blockchain might be a panacea for the problem of digital identity have some support. In the Netherlands, the ministry of economic affairs has started the Dutch Blockchain Coalition, getting government agencies and corporations to work on digital identities using the technology. Djuri Baars, a blockchain specialist at the big Dutch bank Rabobank, imagines a system that allows users to control what pieces of private information they wish to share with banks, the tax agency, or even a supermarket when buying a bottle of wine. “Because everyone can use the blockchain, everyone can connect their own systems to the blockchain,” he says. “You can give explicit consent to share information with specific recipients.” The open-source Hyperledger Project, a consortium of 142 corporate members from Airbus to Samsung, is also working to decentralize identity. “It’s critical to everything,” says Hyperledger executive director Brian Behlendorf. “You have to have identity to do business. But how do you implement it in such a way that privacy is built in?” The consortium is developing something called Project Indy to address this problem. “We can correlate an identity on one chain to an identity on another. It allows individuals to be a point of authentication on how their data gets shared,” Behlendorf says. The problem of digital identity on the internet has attracted a motley crew of computer scientists, big banks, and industrial conglomerates, bound by a shared belief that the ideas behind bitcoin could solve one of the online world’s trickiest problems. For many in the space, there is also a sense that blockchain tech could be the internet’s missing link. “We got many things wrong in the early days of the web,” says Behlendorf, who developed the open-source Apache server, which powers most of the web today. “This is a chance to get it right.” This story was updated with comments from Microsoft. Read this next: Bitcoin set a new price record as the industry gathers for its biggest event of the year Most Popular Every successful relationship is successful for the same exact reasons Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars SECURITY After 0 successful submissions, Google quadruples top reward for hacking Android to $200,000 Emil Protalinski@EPro June 1, 2017 10:16 AM Google has paid security researchers millions of dollars since launching its bug bounty program in 2010. The company today expanded its Android Security Rewards program because “no researcher has claimed the top reward for an exploit chain in two years.” Right. Well, the program has only been around for two years — a Google spokesperson confirmed that nobody has ever claimed the top reward. The Android team is making two bug bounty increases today. The reward for a remote exploit chain or exploit leading to TrustZone or Verified Boot compromise has quadrupled from $50,000 to $200,000. The reward for a remote kernel exploit has quintupled from $30,000 to $150,000. Want to make six figures? Just figure out how to hack Android. Since the Android Security Rewards program launched, Google has rewarded security researchers over $1.5 million. The company today also shared that in the second year of the program, it received over 450 qualifying vulnerability reports from researchers. In the past year, the average pay per researcher jumped by 52.3 percent and the payout doubled to $1.1 million. 115 individuals were paid an average of $2,150 per reward and $10,209 per researcher. You can expect the payouts to continue increasing, especially if someone manages to claim either of the two new rewards. Google is clearly hoping to incentivize security researchers to dedicating more time trying to hack its mobile operating system. Last month, Google shared that there are over 2 billion monthly active Android devices. The company needs all the help it can get to protect these users. Bug bounty programs are an excellent addition to existing internal security programs. They help motivate individuals and groups of hackers not only to find flaws, but to disclose them properly when they do, instead of using them maliciously or selling them to parties that will. But this is just one piece of the puzzle. Google today also shared a small update on its recent security strategy to collaborate closer with Android manufacturers: Over 100 device models have a majority of their deployed devices running a security update from the past 90 days. Finding bugs and squashing them in Android is one thing, but the company is also making more of an effort to actually have those fixes trickle down to actual devices via monthly security updates. VB Recommendations IBM Research creates a groundbreaking 5-nanometer chip Why shortcuts for Google Home are a total waste of time Are chatbots just another fad?
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Apps Tech Google Sheets is making it easier to create charts through natural language commands New, 10 comments by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Jun 1, 2017, 1:00pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Image: Google Google is issuing an update to Sheets today that’ll make it easier for users to visualize their data. People can already use Explore in Sheets to ask questions and receive data in return, like “which person has the top score?” Now, you can ask Google to make a chart or graph. So, for example, you could type “histogram of 2017 customer ratings” or “bar chart for ice cream sales” and receive that visual image in return. You can then instantly insert it into your sheet. Today’s update will also let you sync data to tables from your Sheets to Google Docs or Slides. You can copy and paste your Sheets data to Docs or Slides and tap “update” to keep it synced. A new charts sidebar is launching, too, that allows for the creation of 3D charts. It’s available on iPhones and iPads, as well. The print interface is also being refreshed so you can adjust margins, select scale and alignment options, or repeat frozen rows and columns before sending to the printer. Spreadsheet updates aren’t always the most exciting, but honestly, less time spent making charts is a positive for everyone. Image: Google Next Up In Tech Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? X Prize assembled a supergroup of sci-fi authors to develop its next competitions New deals on the Sonos Play:1, Amazon Echo, and more of the week’s best tech sales Now Trending Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread Details on the iPhone 8, AR Glasses, Siri Speaker, MacBook and more Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? Or any celeb photos? Rolls-Royce custom-built this gorgeous coupe for a mystery millionaire Redefining the dream car Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 7. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology by Rich McCormick 4 comments / new Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread by Andrew Liptak 54 comments / new No, your sunscreen isn't going to kill you by Miriam Nielsen and Kimberly Mas 6 comments / new Wonder Woman has come a long way since this failed 1967 screen test by Kwame Opam 3 comments / new UK prime minister Theresa May calls for internet regulations following London attacks by Andrew Liptak 21 comments / new After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious by Andrew Liptak 4 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Exclusive: Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping case by August - sources Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology Photos | Fri Jun 2, 2017 | 2:54am IST Exclusive: Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping case by August - sources left right FILE PHOTO: A Google logo is seen in a store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., March 24, 2017. To match Exclusive EU-GOOGLE/ANTITRUST REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo 1/2 left right A man holds his smartphone which displays the Google home page, in this picture illustration taken in Bordeaux, Southwestern France, August 22, 2016. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau 2/2 By Foo Yun Chee | BRUSSELS BRUSSELS EU antitrust regulators aim to slap a hefty fine on Alphabet (GOOGL.O) unit Google over its shopping service before the summer break in August, two people familiar with the matter said, setting the stage for two other cases involving the U.S. company. The European Commission's decision will come after a seven-year investigation into the world's most popular internet search engine triggered by scores of complaints from both U.S. and European rivals. The EU competition authority accused Google in April 2015 of distorting internet search results to favour its shopping service, harming both rivals and consumers. The Commission and Google declined to comment. The U.S. company has in the past rejected the charges, saying that regulators ignored competition from online retailers Amazon (AMZN.O) and eBay Inc (EBAY.O). Fines for companies found guilty of breaching EU antitrust rules can reach 10 percent of their global turnover, which in Google's case could be about $9 billion of its 2016 turnover. Apart from the fine, the Commission will tell Google to stop its alleged anti-competitive practices but it is not clear what measures it will order the company to adopt to ensure that rivals get equal treatment in internet shopping results. The regulator could set out general principles or specific instructions for Google to follow, said an observer. The Commission's tough line is in sharp contrast with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission which settled its own web search case with the company in 2013 by requiring Google to stop "scraping" reviews and other data from rival websites for its own products. Google made three unsuccessful attempts to settle the case with the previous European Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia in a bid to stave off a possible fine and a finding of wrongdoing. Almunia's successor Margrethe Vestager, however, has shown no willingness to settle with Google. The company has also been charged with using its Android mobile operating system to squeeze out rivals and with blocking competitors in online search advertising related to its "AdSense for Search" platform. The platform allows Google to act as an intermediary for websites such as online retailers, telecoms operators or newspapers. The Commission has warned of massive fines in both cases. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Susan Fenton and David Evans) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Technology Photos Bitcoin exchange Coinbase seeks new funds at $1 billion valuation: Wall Street Journal Bitcoin exchange Coinbase Inc is in talks with potential investors on a new round of funding at a valuation of more than $1 billion, the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday. Wal-Mart reassures employees as it touts tech investments FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. Wal-Mart Stores Inc executives on Friday reassured workers they remained integral to the company's success as they highlighted investments in online sales and other technology to compete with rivals like Amazon.com Inc . MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick London attackers kill seven, PM May says "enough is enough" Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Gboard v6.3 enables search suggestions in the Google app and widget for some Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/06/01 9:32am PDTJun 1, 2017 39 Plus 1 on G+ 77 Share on Facebook 43 Share on Twitter Total Shares159 Applications News Google dropped a new version of Gboard last night, which includes a number of cool improvements to search. Some people are reporting another interesting feature in the form of Google search suggestions int he Google app and widget. Not everyone seems to have this, though. On older versions of Gboard, the keyboard's suggestion bar disappears when doing a search. That's still what it looks like for myself and most other AP staff after the update to v6.3. However, we've heard from a not insignificant number of people who are seeing the suggestion bar. This appears when searching via the Google widget and within the Google app. It seems to work just like the suggestion bar elsewhere. Start typing, and the keyboard guesses what word you might want to use next based on your typing history and the power of Google's prediction engine. Just grab the new version of Gboard and open a search to see if you've got it. Download QR-Code Gboard - the Google Keyboard Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Thanks: Zachary Kew-Denniss, Kapil Adhikesavalu, and everyone else Tags app updates apps gboard Google search subscribe ... Previous Story Motorola reveals the Moto Z2 Play with a smaller 3,000mAh battery and new Moto Mods ... Next Story Epic Little War Game is the first new title in the series in three years, and it's out today Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Suicide_Note Can confirm i have this on my XL. Also had a nice little dog paw on my spacebar, until a separate update this morning removed it. Artem Russakovskii Yes https://plus.google.com/+ArtemRussakovskii/posts/aYxevnQNXK7 https://plus.google.com/+ArtemRussakovskii/posts/BsXuhKZQbmz F4LL0U7 I got that too, briefly. I think they accidentally pushed out the dogfood version. mike shwilly Somehow the suggestions/corrections bar doesn't even appear for me on menus like that. Anyone got a clue? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fcf5ae1af260f403d6fe67b4a16960601a0f678f624415845c966be49de6c152.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/7db6affa5d2544f41d448de7188c46494be0ca138cb1088830fd557174531b65.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0729dbe9f8f2b6951428091c0dc20c66822aa0bd1fb3d8c8198fba4181bd896a.png Artem Russakovskii That's the mystery - I'm not seeing suggestions either, but many are. mike shwilly I think i had this problem since Nexus 5. It has always been really annoying. Suicide_Note Deftones are a terrible band. Hurricane Andrew I still do not see it on my S7 Edge. I wonder if launcher choice makes a difference. I use Action Launcher. Would be interesting to know what launcher people who are and are not seeing this are using. Yuri Vidal on my s7 it works. are you a beta tester? i also dont use touchwiz launcher. the suggestion bar works for me on chrome, and on google app too. jkl888 I see the suggestions on my phone Artem Russakovskii I'm on the Pixel Launcher, tried both Google app 7.2 and 7.3, and Gboard 6.2 and 6.3, and I don't have this. Reply and post your launcher, Google App version, and Gboard version, and whether you have suggestions or not. Armando Rodriguez Have you notice that the "short" height is shorter than previous versions? abqnm Are you on an S8 or G6? They tweaked some proportions on the odd aspect ratio devices. The S8 doesn't have the hugely tall spacebar anymore, which may be why it seems that way. If you're not on one of those I'm not sure as it seems the same to me. Armando Rodriguez Nexus 5 DPI at 420 Raz Have it. Nova Beta, GBoard 6.3.15.157483061-arm64-v8a, Google app 7.3.19.21.arm64. The new GBoard just asked for access to my SMS to improve the suggestions. Bruno Logerfo wait since when there's a dark theme for the google widget? João Ricardo He problaby has a theme kervation I am using a Google Pixel XL with the stock pixel launcher, running Google app version 7.3.19.21 & Google Gboard version 6.3.15.157483061. I have the suggestion bar for the Google app and also the Chrome beta browser and regular Chrome browser. I also have search suggestions show up when typing in the Google app. JATIN BANSAL I think this is also new. Earlier in dark themes, they used to have a white glow around emoji but now it is gone. I like it now https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c8bcc901c9f60b97c05dc467df6fa4838f96cabcfbf6421714f5ec7189958205.png roberto.elena I wished the keyboard had a dynamic theme that would change automatically based on the app being used, like the status bar does: Youtube = red, WhatsApp = green, Facebook = blue, etc. thegrau There's a third party keyboard that does exactly that. Can't remember the name, but I believe it's based on AOSP Yuri Vidal chroma keyboard Łukasz Ordon There is also Xposed module that can do that... I used to use it but the framework is not available for 7.0+ yet... Adriannacsmith Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dy165c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dy165c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs455DirectDriveGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dy165c:....,...... EmirSc minium has this. thecoolkid Thank god! I hated the glow, not very material design... Lexster Okay, but...when will they put a freaking space after punctuation? It's not that difficult, but after using Swiftkey, I really can't get used to having to put a space after punctuation. catalysto I would NOT want that. Don't need my OCD flaring up with unnecessary spaces. Though, sure, it should probably be an option. Lexster How are spaces after periods of sentences unnecessary? hype67 In acronyms, when the dot doesn't denote the end of a sentence. As decimals. Others situations I can't remember off the top of my head. Lexster USe acronyms with periods a lot, do you? I can't remember the last time I did. It's not generally required for acronyms. You put FBI, not F. B. I. But, yes, it's a little annoying with decimals, but that can generally be programmed to recognize if the space isn't needed. Swiftkey often does. It misses sometimes, sure, but usually works well. If a field needs an IP address, it usually knows this and doesn't put a space. And yes, it can be annoying with website names, but it's much easier to backspace every once in awhile than have to hit space after every single period or question mark. Łukasz Ordon Just press space twice :P It puts full stop AND a space after it... Lexster Yes, but I prefer having the space after punctuation. Doesn't require two taps of the space bar. And it only enters periods. Łukasz Ordon Oh well... You can't make everyone happy... Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Typing URLs and email addresses is a giant pain in SwiftKey. catalysto When it's the last sentence. Lexster Okay? Well, it doesn't add a space until you type a letter, so if it's the last sentence, there wouldn't be a space unless you typed something else. catalysto A period does not always signify the end of a sentence though. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman So glad it doesn't do that. One of the worst things in SwiftKey. Typing URLs and email addresses was such a giant pain in the ass. Hitting space after I type a period isn't a big deal to me AT ALL. Especially since I'm used to typing on a keyboard anyway, so do it automatically. Lexster There some reason it can't be an option? Or do you think because you don't want it that no one should? Jarrett Lennon Kaufman You didn't indicate an option. An option might be okay, although I think it might break enough things as to cause them problems overall. Sometimes options that break the experience are left out to prevent frustration when users forget they're responsible for their own problem. ozzyager I do see suggestions when doing a search. I also recieved the dog bone version first, before being updated again shortly thereafter. Maybe just a coincidence? catalysto Same thing happened to me. It's still working after updating to the non-beta version, too. Though I'm in the beta program for Gboard, so maybe that has something to do with it? My version number is 6.3.15.157483061-arm64-v8a, in case anyone is curious. Łukasz Ordon That Gboard app version with dog paw should not be released publicly. It indicates 'dogfood' version (as googlers call it) which should be tested only inside Google. Dogfood is just debug version of normal app (don't quote me on that tho) ozzyager Correct. This is why I wondered if there was any connection between that version being released by accident to some, like myself, and only some seeing the suggestions when doing a search. Of course it might just be a server side update that is being tested, etc. Łukasz Ordon I've myself got dogfood version but shortly after (like 5 mins later) I've received another update with normal apk... Armv7 version btw :p roberto.elena It also gives suggestions in Chrome while in incognito mode. abqnm While that may be unwanted, it should be pointed out that it now gives suggestions in the Chrome address bar. Period. Previously it did not suggest anything at all in the Chrome address bar, incognito or no. I still don't have it in search though. It does work when typing to Assistant, but it may have done that previously. boop Can someone explain the nav bar in the second pic? Łukasz Ordon It's probably Pixel phone navbar... destinyhud pixel phone if u mean the down arrow then when u click a bar the left become a down arrow boop The color, I mean destinyhud thats probably Gboard's feature. maybe with 6.3 Hurricane Andrew Running Action Launcher 3, Google app version 7.3.19.21, Gboard version 6.3.15.157483061 and do not have the suggestions in the search app. Łukasz Ordon Talking about Google app itself... apparently, cards in Google Now feed have new design now https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5fbd4b5888c4ad6d684f6ab3ba7589a3354607b05f565c0b7aed404237d8d8dc.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ed878edc7fa830f93bf49db1a7d5c8b4267ae6cada762eb9d0e723312cd72c5a.png Łukasz Ordon Aaaaand it's gone... Now cards are normal for me... Take look at football match card (I mean the 'title' of it) https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/150e49575e0870a2a9ca2cf19dd64acd4a3c720df42161667388f2bc104c7a1b.png Federico Rios Im still here with the 5.2.1 version before it called Gboard in Android O DP2 and im SO HAPPY :D whispy_snippet I've never understood why this feature hasn't always existed. Teja The word prediction is the only thing I worry about. Swiftkey is way better than Gboard which made me to switch back to Swiftkey. Michael Oghia Does anyone else experience problems with the spell check feature? Sometimes I misspell a word, it tells me it's misspelled, but then doesn't offer any suggestions. It used to work better a few years ago (when it was still just keyboard or whatever it was called). Vratislav Jindra I would swear I had this yesterday. Today it disappeared. Stephen Diniz Search for emojis by drawing? :D https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/35659ac9a986709c60b979ddb14d2f0a6fb43fca949e34b15c66c9a6976e51d1.png Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 133 queries | 0.521s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] June 1 GOOG: 966.95 2.09 Google’s speech recognition is now almost as accurate as humans Abner Li - Jun. 1st 2017 9:56 am PT @technacity Google Home Google Assistant Speech recognition View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit At I/O 2017, Sundar Pichai noted that computers are getting better at understanding voice input, with Google having achieved “significant breakthroughs” in speech recognition. In fact, Google’s machine learning systems are now nearly on par with humans. Nintendo Switch According to Mary Meeker’s annual Internet Trends Report, Google’s machine learning-backed voice recognition — as of May 2017 — has achieved a 95% word accuracy rate for the English language. That current rate also happens to be the threshold for human accuracy. Quantifying Google’s progress, accuracy has improved nearly 20% since 2013. There are some caveats, including how the word error rate is calculated using real world search data that is more error prone than typical human dialogue. This achievement is quite remarkable and lines up with Pichai noting that “error rates continue to improve even in noisy environments.” Google’s efforts in AI are aiding in these improvements. For example, a deep learning technique known as neural beamforming allowed the company to release Google Home with only two microphones, but achieving the same quality as having eight. It is also responsible for recent features like multi-user support that can recognize up to six different users and provide personalized Assistant results. Abner Li @technacity Is interested in the minutiae of Google and Alphabet. Tips/talk: abner@9to5g.com Favorite Gear Fitbit Charge 2 Breath of the Wild Joy-Con Guides Google Home View THe Guide Google Assistant View THe Guide Speech recognition View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] June 1 GOOG: 966.95 2.09 Google Sheets adds automatic charts, Docs & Slides sync, improved shortcuts and more Ben Schoon - Jun. 1st 2017 10:00 am PT @NexusBen Apps & Updates Google Drive Google Sheets View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google Drive is full of powerful tools, and Sheets is one that many rely on as an alternative to Microsoft Excel. Today, Google is debuting several new features for Sheets that are bound to become incredibly useful to its users. The best gifts for Android users The first major update Sheets gets today is the ability to automatically create charts based on your various spreadsheets, taking the work off of your back and throwing it on to Google’s powerful machine learning. Simply using the “explore” option, users can ask Google natural language questions based on their spreadsheet, “bar chart for ice cream sales” for example, and Google will present them with a chart that uses that data. This works a lot like Sheet’s feature that uses natural language questions in place of complex formulas to pull data from complicated spreadsheets. In either case, these features are designed to make using spreadsheets as easy as possible, and it makes a massive difference compared to what you’d need to do in any other spreadsheet program. Further, Sheets is also adding improved sync between Google Docs and Google Slides today. Last year the company introduced sync for charts in these two areas, and today that expands to tables as well. Simply copy and paste your data to the other service, then tap the “update” button whenever you want to refresh that information from the original spreadsheet. Along with that, Sheets is getting some enhancements in areas which customers have been asking for. The first is keyboard shortcuts. Since Sheets runs in a browser, some of the commands used in native applications such as Excel won’t work since they are already active in the browser. Starting today, Sheets users will be able to override that to take advantage of the same commands they’re already used to. Sheets is also getting improvements to printing, including the ability to adjust margins, scale, and alignment options. Editing charts also gets an upgrade with a new sidebar that makes accessing chart tools easier. This feature will even be making its way to Google’s iPhone/iPad Sheets app. Google has also added new functions to Sheets which help users find insights. Try “SORTN,” a function unique to Sheets, which can show you the top three orders or best-performing months in a sales record spreadsheet. Sheets also supports statistical functions like “GAMMADIST,” “F.TEST” and “CHISQ.INV.RT.” All of these features are available starting today for all Google Sheets users. Ben Schoon @NexusBen Ben is a writer for 9to5Google who can also be found over on the 9to5Google YouTube channel and on Twitter @NexusBen. Favorite Gear Pixel XL Gear S3 Frontier Huawei Mate 9 Guides Google Drive View THe Guide Google Sheets View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 59 Plus 1 on G+ 150 Share on Facebook 58 Share on Twitter Total Shares267 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? datkidpatrick ya youre allowed to pay it off early... PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Maybe that's what caused the error at Fi in blacklisting by accident. datkidpatrick ya that doesn't make any sense... but it got fixed this morning by google... NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. David Bowline No they won't. I'll bet you can call Google and set it up at the time. Use your noggin and quit jumping to conclusions before the fact. jonzey231 But you saying that is also jumping to conclusions, just on the other side of the argument. If you want to argue me, call Google and play it out. Report your findings here. Otherwise, your words mean no more or less than mine. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. SirCanealot But I have a Pixel and it is broken. Surely this is not possible to exist in reality? :O :O :O David Bowline If Google is selling phones to a specific customer, who then turns around and sells them en masse, how is Google to know what was sold legally and what was stolen? Google has every right to blacklist those phones. Nobody forced anyone to buy a phone from some jerk on swappa. Its the responsibility of the middle man seller to take care of the problem, not Google. This isn't rocket science here. 4Ui812 You're right , it's not rocket science. If the phone is reported as stolen then it's ok to black list the IMEI. This story makes no mention of phones being stolen. Therefore like I said.... That's pretty shitty Google. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff David Bowline Then Google can assume that they were stolen and blacklist them. It's not Googles fault here. JFC. SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants tekfr33kn I'll agree with you that Google is artificially raising the price far beyond what it should be but that's basic capitalism and market forces. If the market doesn't want those kinds of prices or can't support it, it won't sell. The issue is that people are actually willing to pay that. iPhones are the primary example. There's about $400 - $500 worth of stuff put in a phone that goes for $800 - $1000 and they still sell like hotcakes. I also agree with you about the S8's and Bixby but again, the market says that the S8 is a hot seller and so Samsung isn't about to change that trend. That kind of makes your argument moot. As for comparing a smartphone to a laptop - if you can't see the comparisons, it's either willful ignorance or you just don't know a thing about electronic devices (specifically smartphones or laptops). In either case, I can't help you with that. The fact is that they share more in common that differences. It's one of the many reasons that development strategies (hardware and software) often translate quite well between them. xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Chris Pretty sure that the Supreme Court just ruled that after you purchase the item the first time that you are allowed to resell it. EarlyMon Commercial resale, not individual resale, is the issue here - a gray market supplier. Look at the number of complaints from people who expected Google support and didn't think that it mattered that they were buying what they thought were the Google version only to find out that they were Verizon models. That's one of the things that the store I referred to evidently did. Who mail orders a Pixel from a New Hampshire store to save the cost of taxes added when we all know what the only outlets are? Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) james fuston Yep! Totally fine for you to sell it. Also totally fine for Google to deactivate your phone when you've done something you agreed not to do at the time of purchase. It's then legally on you to prove that they overstepped. MisterAlex You're clearly not parsing what I'm posting. Selling privately owned property is within the bounds of "personal use." james fuston Seeing as Google specifically included a clause about gifting, I'd venture to say they disagree with you. MisterAlex That's fine. Sony also disagreed that it had done anything wrong by removing Other OS. james fuston Cool! So we agree that whether or not you believe Google's terms of service to be legal, it's entirely on the customer to take action after being penalized for a violation of said terms of service. MisterAlex It's always up to the wronged party to seek litigation against a wrongdoer. james fuston In that case, I have no idea why you started commenting on legality when I was discussing terms of service violations. Rather, I would have no idea why if this weren't the comment section. MisterAlex A TOS is not a legally binding agreement. You defended enforcement of a TOS when that enforcement went contrary to law. That's why I brought up the comparison to Sony's PS3 lawsuit (which it lost). james fuston I'm not discussing whether terms of service are legally binding. I'm discussing whether or not the action being described (selling the phone) violates the ToS. It does. MisterAlex And my counter was to point out that putting something in a TOS doesn't make it hunky-dory. In fact, it's quite possible for a TOS to violate law. As I've illustrated. bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. J.J. I'm sorry. That sucks hard. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... atl3630 great here too. Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. JRock I purchased a bootlooping 6P off eBay for cheap, erasing/flashing firmware had same result, RMA'd to Huawei and they promptly sent me a brand new one. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. atl3630 Six months, moron. PayPal protection is 6 months. Like it or not, facts. Stop being a little bitch. Roh_Mish What if the seller had bought directly from google. AP mentioned about the trains but there doesn't appear to to be a link between this and that fraud. Also there are many cases where buyer on PayPal will request a reverse and never return the product, screwing over the seller. And PayPal won't do anything about this. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? RayNeverLearns You are Android Police. You might want to stay more up to date on this story and keep your readers updated, especially one that has a big impact on one of the purest Android flagships. http://www.techspot.com/news/69452-pixel-phones-project-fi-showing-up-blacklisted.html datkidpatrick happy to announce the phone i sold has been taken off the blacklist after communicating with project fi... so if you're affected by this contact google or more specifically project fi support... RayNeverLearns I believe Project Fi has done this for all affected Pixels. I didn't contact the person who sold it to me (Craigslist 7 months ago... wouldn't know where to even start) yet my phone was whitelisted earlier today. A little pain and it took almost 3 days, but a good resolution. datkidpatrick thats great... happy it's fixed... Amir What an idiotic move by Google. That's suicide. HardWired I wonder how long before Tesla implement a similar system in their cars :) Sorry you signed an agreement, the car has been disabled because you decided to sell it to a used car salesman for resale. Same sort of punishment that should not be legal. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 147 queries | 1.032s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
printed June 5, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=19172 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  Reviews  › Review: Verizon Wireless Wear24 Android Smartwatch Article Comments   Thursday, 11:40 AM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper updated Thursday, 12:19 PM Updated: Updated with several corrections concerning LTE and GPS. The Wear24 from Verizon is among the first to support Android Wear 2.0 from Google. The wearable is a classy-looking smartwatch that offers LTE-based calling and messaging integration with your main mobile number. If you use an Android handset, the Google-focused Wear24 can handle vital communications when reaching for your phone isn't ideal. AD       article continues below... Background Smartwatches are struggling. Two years ago it seemed they were on a trajectory to eliminate dedicated fitness wearables (and possibly even smartphones) to become the wrist-borne computers we all thought we wanted. They can answer messages! They can track your workouts! They can set calendar appointments! Then reality struck. Smartwatches are neat, but they can't always replace a smartphone. Interacting with the small screen is often frustrating. Battery life can be inconsistent. Some are big and bulky, while others aren't powerful enough. The market has been topsy-turvy since Day One, particularly where Google's Android Wear platform is concerned. Google hoped Android Wear 2.0 would solve many of these problems. It promised to deliver a more powerful set of features that would be available across a wider range of wearables. Then reality struck again. Google's Android Wear 2.0 platform arrived in February, nearly four months later than originally planned, and nine months after it was first announced in May 2016. The revised operating system includes, among other things, a refreshed user interface and tools such as the Google Assistant, an on-device storefront, and better text input. The number of new smartwatches with support for Android Wear 2.0 are few and far between. In fact, all the models announced so far would fit on a single arm. The Wear24 from Verizon Wireless is one of them. Not only is the Wear24 among the first to support Android Wear 2.0, it's also among the first to include LTE for mobile data on the go. This is a big deal for Android watches, which have always required a nearby smartphone for network access. Are Android Wear 2.0 and LTE the turnkey features smartwatches need to finally spur real consumer interest? Hardware Google-based smartwatches tend to fall into one of two camps: "sport" or "classic". The former are generally made from plastics and silicone, while the latter typically feature metal and leather. Where about half of the new Android wearables focus purely on fitness, the rest are content to exist as conservative-styled arm jewelry. The Wear24 is trying to be both. Wear24 Hardware   The main casing of the watch is formed by stainless steel. It comes in a raw, unfinished look, as well as gunmetal gray and rose gold. I found the unfinished steel to be the most appealing of the three, though that's not saying much. It is bright and shiny, and yet generic and somewhat boring. The plain shape of the Wear24 features smooth contours, a thin bezel, and just a single button on the right side. The quality of the brushed metal finish is not in question, but the Wear24 looks like a million other watches. I suppose that's the point. The Wear24's metal chassis would go really well with a leather strap to complete the classic look. It's too bad Verizon selected a cheap, sport-like silicone (rubber) strap to wrap around your wrist. The silicone strap is crappy. It's perfectly functional, yet it cheapens the entire experience. Worse, you can't swap it out for a different strap. (Instead of standard pins, the strap is secured to the watch with custom screws and a contoured shape where it adjoins the chassis.) Verizon says the strap was designed this way because it contains the LTE antennas. This is an unfortunate engineering decision, as it directly impacts usability. On a personal level, I had an allergic reaction to the Wear24's strap and the Wear24 gave me a rash after wearing it a few days. The strap of the Apple Watch did the same thing (both are rubbery). The rash issue makes the Wear24 a non-starter for me; I can't wear it. Apple, by way of comparison, was happy — and able — to swap out the silicon strap for a nylon strap at no cost to me. Verizon can't do that with the Wear24's custom strap design. At 0.53 inches thick, the Wear24 is a beefy wearable. It's not as ridiculously huge as the Samsung Gear S3, but it's not a svelte timepiece, either. The chassis has a rounded, plastic underbelly that I found comfortable against my skin. The strap has more than enough holes in it, which allowed me to find just the right fit on my wrist (not too tight, not too loose.) The lone button on the right side is easy to find and use. It has good travel and feedback. A small hole for the microphone is next to the button. There's no rotating bezel, no buttons, and no ports. The Wear24 charges wirelessly via the included dock. Like most smartwatches, you simply drop the Wear24 on the dock and it starts charging. It couldn't be easier to use. Wear24 Dock   The wearable has an IP67 rating, which means it can handle getting wet. Verizon indicates that it can handle rain and short immersions in water, but it's probably not a good idea to go swimming with the Wear24 on your wrist. Software Setting up the Wear24 requires some time. You'll need a Verizon Android smartphone, the Android Wear application, and some patience. Inexplicably, the Wear24 shipped to me with Android Wear 1.5.x installed, despite the fact that the Wear24's primary promise is being among the first smartwatches to use Android Wear 2.0. I had to download and install Android 2.0. What the what? Android Wear Phone App   With 2.0, the home screen (watch face) behavior of Android Wear now strongly resembles that of Android phones themselves. Swipe down from the top of the watch to access your radio controls, status indicators, screen brightness, and settings. Swipe up from the bottom of the watch to see notifications, which can be dismissed by swiping to the right or opened with a single tap. Swipe left or right on the watch face to explore alternate watch faces. Wear24 User Interface   The biggest change in Android 2.0 is the new app drawer, which is accessed by pressing the hardware button on the right edge. The app drawer is now a semicircular carousel that lines the left side of the screen. Swipe up or down to move through the carousel. You can "star" up to 5 apps, which will be pinned at the top of the carousel for easier access. By default, the most recently used apps appear first. Press the side button to dismiss the app drawer. Pressing the button also acts as a "back" control when using just about any other app. App Drawer   I had no problem using Android Wear 2.0's basic user interface and neither should most anyone else. But I do have a few complaints. The most significant issue facing Android Wear 2.0 and the Wear24 is the Play Store. You can use the Play Store to browse through or search for Android Wear apps, which you can download and install directly on the watch (rather than via the phone). Finding the apps isn't a problem, but downloading and installing them sure is. It takes forever, whether you're downloading over WiFi or LTE. Google Play Music, for example, took nearly 30 minutes to install via WiFi. The app measures just 10MB. Similar-sized apps required just as long. Updating apps directly via the watch is similarly painful. You're much better off using the Android Wear app on your smartphone to download and install watch apps, as it is much quicker and more reliable. I'm not sure if the experience here is dictated by the OS, hardware, or network. Whatever the cause, it's not good. Play Store   Most of the preloaded apps worked as you'd expect on a smartwatch. For example, the weather app lets you gauge the current conditions and view the forecast for the next three days. Rather than allow you to view a full calendar app, Android Wear 2.0 includes an agenda app providing details on your next few appointments. It's just useful enough. I had no trouble with core functions, such as calling, using the stopwatch/timer, and handling notifications from my phone. I do wish there were more preloaded watch faces (there's only one). Finding new watchfaces requires us of the Play Store. As noted earlier, you'll be much better service by downloading new watchfaces in the Android Wear app on your phone. Watchfaces   I am somewhat annoyed by the bloatware. Verizon saw fit to load the watch with VZ Message+ and MyVerizon — both of which cannot be deleted. Smartwatches have extremely limited storage space. Cramming even two unwanted apps aboard is unnecessary. Performance The Wear24's display measures 1.39 inches across and has 400 by 400 pixels. This is an improvement when compared to the first generation of devices, which had similar-sized screens but fewer pixels. The improved pixel density means the Wear24 supports smaller fonts and graphics. This, in turn, allows the screen to accommodate a bit more content. This mostly impacts longer setting and menu screens, as it makes more text available in a single glance. The AMOLED lighting is bright enough so the watch is easy to view indoors and out. It's pretty good at keeping fingerprints at bay. A 450mAh battery is tucked inside the Wear24 and it does an admirable job. Verizon suggests basic standby time lasts up to 60 hours, and that's about right. With minimal use, the watch lasted about 2.5 days in between charges. If you're using it full time throughout the day to make calls and send messages, the battery will give up the ghost by the time you go to bed. In other words, most people will need to charge the Wear24 every night. It would be better if the wearable could make it through two days of real use, but it doesn't. Thankfully the included charger fills up the battery in just over an hour. Docked Watch   The Wear24 has a number of wireless radios buried within, including Bluetooth, LTE, and WiFi. The Bluetooth radio works okay, but I've seen better. I noticed the watch disconnected from my smartphone a handful of times for no reason at all. It has a 30-foot limit, so it will definitely lose the connection if you wander away from your handset. Worse, it won't necessarily automatically reconnect. I had to prod the phone to reconnect to the watch on several occasions. Competing devices were better at reconnecting under similar circumstances. The WiFi radio appears to work. I streamed music using Google Play Music when at home. The sound quality was terrible, but it functioned properly. The LTE radio does its job when you're out in the world sans phone. One of the chief marketing pitches from Verizon is that the Wear24 can make phone calls and send messages without a smartphone. Using the on-board app, you can easily access your contacts and make calls. The Verizon Message+ app, preinstalled handles incoming and outbound messages without problem, but you have to agree to use Message+ on the handset itself. Thankfully you can download and use the messaging app of your choice (I prefer the Google Messages app.) Composing messages on a watch is tricky. Android Wear 2.0 includes an actual on-screen keyboard. It is painful to peck out messages, but it does work. Alternately, you can select from a number of pre-written responses, or dictate via voice. I would love to say dication is the way to go, but the Wear24 had real problems hearing my voice. You can have the Wear24 stand alone as its own distinct device for calls/messages, but it's better if you associate it with your Verizon phone number. This way, when people call your main number it will ring your phone (wherever it is) and the smartwatch on your wrist. You can answer calls on the watch and use the built-in speaker or a separate Bluetooth headset. Call quality was generally pretty bad no matter how I chose to take the call. You won't find a heart rate monitor on the Wear24. You can use Google Fit (or the app of your choice) for tracking walks, runs, hikes, bike rides, weightlifting sessions and more, thanks to the included GPS. Hardcore fitness buffs who want the best workout metrics, including their own heart rate, should probably target different wearables. NFC is available, but the Wear24 doesn't support Android Pay. That's dumb, and we can lay the blame here at Verizon's feet. Qualcomm's Snapdragon Wear 2100 platform powers the Wear24, with 768MB of RAM and 4 GB of storage. I didn't find the performance of the user interface to be all that smooth. I noticed laggy screen response time, slow apps, and delayed actions, like scrolling. It's hard to say if what I saw is related to the processor or buggy software. Google Assistant barely works. Despite manually turning on hotword detection — "OK, Google" — the Wear24 hardly ever responded to my voice-based Assistant requests. When it did, it was often unable to understand my requests, even when they were simple commands for performing Google Searches or texting my contacts. I'm pretty sure this is a microphone problem rather than a software problem, especially when I consider the poor quality of voice calls. Discussion I'm pretty stunned at how crummy a piece of gear the Verizon Wireless Wear24 truly is. The cons outweigh the pros at least three to one. I'll start with the positive stuff. The stainless steel chassis is well made, it's water resistant, and the screen looks good. The Android Wear interface is easier to navigate than previous versions of the platform. The LTE radio does permit calling and messaging from the watch pretty much anywhere Verizon offers service. Battery life is adequate. The silicone strap is cheap, gave me a rash, and is not interchangeable. The Bluetooth radio didn't create strong connections, and WiFi wasn't fast enough. There's no heart rate monitor, and the NFC radio doesn't support Android Pay. The Google Play Store is a nice addition, but downloading and installing apps via WiFi or LTE is a painful endeavor. The Google Assistant — which should be able to help ease the process of performing half the tasks available on the watch — rudely ignores most requests. The generic design does little to stand out or endear itself to potential owners. The Wear24 is exactly the type of shoddy gear retailers like to foist on unwitting consumers at the point of sale. It's a $350 mistake waiting to happen. No one needs this smartwatch, it's too compromised. Stay away. Wait for something better. X Our Ratings Overall   Related Hands On with Samsung Gear S2 Smartwatch Samsung's second-generation Gear S smartwatch is a well-conceived and executed wearable. The snazzy UI is leagues better than Android Wear and the hardware isn't too bad, either. Verizon to Sell Asus' ZenFone AR Project Tango Phone Verizon Wireless will be the first U.S. carrier to offer a Project Tango smartphone to its customers. Verizon-Branded Wear24 Smartwatch Streets May 11 Verizon Wireless today said its Wear24 Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch will go on sale May 11. Verizon announced the device earlier this year, but did not have availability details at the time. Verizon's Wear24 Android Wear Watch Now Available Verizon Wireless today said its Wear24 Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch is available online and in stores. Verizon announced the device earlier this year. Verizon to Sell Exclusive Wear24 Android Watch Verizon Wireless is preparing its own branded Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch, called the Wear24, for a March release. The company announced the wearable alongside the LG Watch Sport today. more news about:   Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 2 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register email address username password Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
Google unveils designs for sprawling London headquarters - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Google unveils designs for sprawling London headquarters Posted: Thursday, June 1, 2017 12:23 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, June 1, 2017 12:54 PM EDT Google has released designs for a new 11-story, 1 million-square-foot headquarters in London near King's Cross railway station, complete with a sprawling, landscaped rooftop garden. Google has released designs for a new 11-story, 1 million-square-foot headquarters in London near King's Cross railway station, complete with a sprawling, landscaped rooftop garden. Google has released designs for a new 11-story, 1 million-square-foot headquarters in London near King's Cross railway station, complete with a sprawling, landscaped rooftop garden. Google has released designs for a new 11-story, 1 million-square-foot headquarters in London near King's Cross railway station, complete with a sprawling, landscaped rooftop garden. Google has released designs for a new 11-story, 1 million-square-foot headquarters in London near King's Cross railway station, complete with a sprawling, landscaped rooftop garden. By Allyssia Alleyne CNN (CNN) -- Google has released designs for a new 11-story, 1 million-square-foot headquarters in London near King's Cross railway station, complete with a sprawling, landscaped rooftop garden. The facilities will include a cafe, gym and pool as well as a rooftop track and ground-floor retail spaces, according to the company's application for permission to build. The campus has been designed by an all-star team that includes Thomas Heatherwick, the British designer behind London's 2012 Olympic cauldron, and Danish architect Bjarke Ingels' BIG firm. The two are also collaborating on Google's Mountain View campus in California. The current designs do not seem characteristic of the two men. Heatherwick was the mastermind behind the recently scrapped garden bridge in London, and last year, Ingels opened what he calls a "courtscraper" -- a structure that combines a communal courtyard with the density of a skyscraper -- in New York. "Our design for the new Google campus at King's Cross is rooted in the local character of the area, taking advantage of the contextually defined building envelope while creating continuously cascading work environments that will connect Googlers across multiple floors," Ingels said in a statement. "By opening up the ground floor and activating the roofscape, the light and airy workspaces are sandwiched between the terraced gardens on the roof -- and market halls, auditoria and shops on the ground." Heatherwick, whose studio is based in King's Cross, added: "We have treated this new building for Google like a piece of infrastructure too, made from a family of interchangeable elements which ensure that the building and its workspace will stay flexible for years to come." The company currently has a smaller headquarters in the area, along with another nearby building. Google had submitted designs for a new headquarters in 2013, but they were later scrapped. If the new application is approved by Camden Council, construction will start next year. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Fri, Jun 02, 2017 - Page 11　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Stores offer Android Pay MORE OPTIONS:Google’s mobile payment platform, for now only available to CTBC Bank and First Commercial Bank customers, is the third to debut in Taiwan this year Staff writer, with CNA A woman yesterday uses Android Pay to pay for groceries at a Jason’s Market Place in Taipei. Photo: CNA Android Pay, a mobile digital wallet platform developed by Google, was launched nationwide yesterday, with thousands of stores joining the new payment service. Users of smartphones or tablets equipped with near-field communication and Android Kitkat 4.4 or more advanced operating systems are to have access to the new service, Google Taiwan said. Android Pay has been rolled out in 13 nations since September 2015, including the US, UK, Canada, Hong Kong and Singapore. Taiwan is the fourth market in Asia to have the service, Google Taiwan managing director Chien Lee-feng (簡立峰) said. Holders of Visa and MasterCard credit cards issued by CTBC Bank (中國信託銀行) and First Commercial Bank (第一銀行) can make use of the service, Google Taiwan said. As long as credit card holders from the two participating banks install the Android Pay app and add their cards, they will be able to make tap-to-pay purchases in participating stores online and offline, it said. Android Pay also incorporates Google Maps services to remind consumers of coupons, membership cards and discounts when they visit stores, it added. HappyGo, the largest point-collecting platform in the nation, is also to allow people to add their cards to Android Pay, Google Taiwan said, adding that purchases at certain shops would contribute points that can be used for discounts on future purchases. Stores in Taiwan that accept Android Pay include Carrefour, A-Mart (愛買), RT-Mart (大潤發), Pxmart (全聯), Taipei 101, Pacific Sogo Department Store (太平洋崇光百貨), Starbucks and Watsons, the company said. Taiwan is an important market for Android Pay because it has a fast-growing e-commerce market and great potential for mobile payment growth, Chien said. According to Google Taiwan, 62 percent of consumers in Taiwan have made purchases over the Internet, posting about US$38 billion in aggregate transaction value to date. Smartphones account for 82 percent of the nation’s cellphone market and it is the fifth-largest market for Android Play: further evidence of its growth potential, Chien said. The introduction of Android Pay is expected to be welcomed by Taiwanese who are keen to have alternative payment methods, he said, adding that it would likely accelerate the pace of mobile payment adoption. Android Pay is the third major foreign mobile payment platform available in Taiwan, following Apple Pay, which started in late March, and Samsung Pay, which began early last month. This story has been viewed 1513 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-05-29 to 2017-06-05 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Toy gun maker sent to prison 2 Torrential rain floods northern areas 3 League might soon be linked to KMT 4 Beijing’s handling of Lee’s case is backfiring 5 Father George Martinson dies MORE  1 Torrential rain floods northern areas 2 Toy gun maker sent to prison 3 Extension requested for 228 claimants 4 Father George Martinson dies 5 Regulations stifling tech industry: TCA chairman MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter film books music art & design tv & radio stage more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › arts › art & design stage classical movies tv & radio music games books home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Architecture Sober look of Google's 'landscraper' shows tech firm is trying to grow up Heatherwick-designed London building eschews campus architectural trends and instead sports polite corporate costume The plan has the whiff of a luxury apartment scheme or a swanky hotel complex. Photograph: HayesDavidson The plan has the whiff of a luxury apartment scheme or a swanky hotel complex. Photograph: HayesDavidson Architecture Sober look of Google's 'landscraper' shows tech firm is trying to grow up Heatherwick-designed London building eschews campus architectural trends and instead sports polite corporate costume Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Oliver Wainwright @ollywainwright Thursday 1 June 2017 12.43 EDT Last modified on Friday 2 June 2017 07.45 EDT Plans for Google’s new London headquarters have been shrouded in secrecy and awaited with bated breath since the internet giant ditched its original architects in 2015 for being “too boring”. But the proposals for the £1bn project finally unveiled this week have considerably cranked down the wow factor. Stretching for over 300 metres along the side of the railway tracks of King’s Cross, the 92,000-square metre “landscraper” office building is a surprisingly sober design from the studios of Thomas Heatherwick and Danish architect Bjarke Ingels, the starry duo who are also working together on Google’s Californian headquarters in Mountain View. Google submits plans for 'landscraper' London headquarters Read more Having built international reputations for projects that often defy the logic of both gravity and common sense, the pair were an obvious choice for a tech company that prides itself on reinventing everything it turns its hand to. But, while in California they are conjuring a sci-fi vision of freeform pavilions arranged beneath a big undulating metal tent , their London project sports the polite generic costume of any other corporate office block. Eschewing the tech campus trend for increasingly wacky architecture, it appears Google may be trying to grow up. The earlier scheme, designed by AHMM in 2013, featured an elaborate climbing wall and bike ramp running the full height of the building, so that Googlers could climb or cycle to their desks. Such novelties have now been banished and replaced with a simple wooden staircase that runs the length of the building, conceived as an “internal promenade” where employees can meet and meander. The plan for jaunty cladding painted in Google’s brand colours has also been swapped for a sleek, muted dressing of timber fins and curving bronzed panels, a palette that has more the whiff of a luxury apartment scheme or a swanky hotel complex. That’s not surprising when you see what’s inside. A 25-metre swimming pool, massage rooms, basketball court and nap pods await the 7,000 Google employees who could eventually be housed here, brought together from offices currently spread across King’s Cross, Covent Garden and Victoria. Facebook Twitter Pinterest A render of Google’s new London headquarters in King’s Cross. Photograph: HayesDavidson Recycling elements from his aborted garden bridge plans, Heatherwick proposes crowning the building with a rolling garden, where outdoor “rooms” will be divided by planting and groups of long benches, and stools will “support collaboration” alfresco, while a 200-metre “trim trail” loops around this rooftop meadow, encouraging the Google culture of walking meetings. Inside, the open-plan office floors are broken up with “pause areas”, trees and planted walls designed to protrude out on to the facade in places, a green garnish to emphasise the company’s environmental credentials. The landscaping elements are all being designed by Gillespies, the firm behind the notorious Walkie Talkie “sky garden” in London, which didn’t quite live up to the promise of a rooftop jungle. Heatherwick, who has lived and worked in King’s Cross for more than 15 years and designed the Coal Drops Yard shopping arcade under construction nearby, says the project is a response to the richly layered context of “massive railway stations, roads, canals and other infrastructure”. “Influenced by these surroundings, we have treated this new building for Google like a piece of infrastructure too,” he says, “made from a family of interchangeable elements which ensure that the building and its workspace will stay flexible for years to come.” Three primary concrete floor decks provide the support for lighter timber floors hung between them, arranged to provide a series of single-, double- and triple-height workspaces with a “warehouse” quality. Ingels says the “continuously cascading work environments” will connect Googlers across multiple floors, “sandwiched between the terraced gardens on the roof and market halls, auditoria and shops on the ground”. Rising from seven to 11 storeys, the gargantuan landscraper (imagine the Shard lying down) will sit atop a row of shops and restaurants, providing the much needed retail revenue to help pay for it all. It’s a tricky site – long, thin and sitting on top of a stepped concrete box that covers a sloping access ramp for the railway – and the designers have done a decent, if unremarkable, job of reconciling the constraints. But a look at the planning application reveals that the executive architect of the project is neither Heatherwick Studio nor Ingels’ practice BIG, but BDP – a corporate giant that has been several times shortlisted for the Carbuncle Cup for the country’s ugliest building. From the details provided in the drawings, there is little reason to believe the finished product will rise much beyond their usual standards, nor much evidence of how Heatherwick and Ingels’ role extends further than being the signature stylists to lubricate the project through the system. Topics Architecture Google Thomas Heatherwick Alphabet London features Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments more on this story Google submits plans for 'landscraper' London headquarters Construction on building that is longer than the Shard is tall set to begin in King’s Cross in 2018 Published: 1 Jun 2017 Google submits plans for 'landscraper' London headquarters Google's new UK headquarters aims to make going to work exciting Published: 1 Nov 2013 Google's new UK headquarters aims to make going to work exciting Google to build £1bn UK headquarters at London's King's Cross Published: 17 Jan 2013 Google to build £1bn UK headquarters at London's King's Cross Google commits to massive new London headquarters Published: 16 Nov 2016 Google commits to massive new London headquarters All hail the new King’s Cross – but can other developers repeat the trick? Published: 12 Oct 2014 All hail the new King’s Cross – but can other developers repeat the trick? most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts selected movies tv & radio music games books art & design selected stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Arts › Art & design › Architecture film books music art & design tv & radio stage back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Gboard v6.3 enables search suggestions in the Google app and widget for some Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/06/01 9:32am PDTJun 1, 2017 39 Plus 1 on G+ 77 Share on Facebook 43 Share on Twitter Total Shares159 Applications News Google dropped a new version of Gboard last night, which includes a number of cool improvements to search. Some people are reporting another interesting feature in the form of Google search suggestions int he Google app and widget. Not everyone seems to have this, though. On older versions of Gboard, the keyboard's suggestion bar disappears when doing a search. That's still what it looks like for myself and most other AP staff after the update to v6.3. However, we've heard from a not insignificant number of people who are seeing the suggestion bar. This appears when searching via the Google widget and within the Google app. It seems to work just like the suggestion bar elsewhere. Start typing, and the keyboard guesses what word you might want to use next based on your typing history and the power of Google's prediction engine. Just grab the new version of Gboard and open a search to see if you've got it. Download QR-Code Gboard - the Google Keyboard Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Thanks: Zachary Kew-Denniss, Kapil Adhikesavalu, and everyone else Tags app updates apps gboard Google search subscribe ... Previous Story Motorola reveals the Moto Z2 Play with a smaller 3,000mAh battery and new Moto Mods ... Next Story Epic Little War Game is the first new title in the series in three years, and it's out today Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Suicide_Note Can confirm i have this on my XL. Also had a nice little dog paw on my spacebar, until a separate update this morning removed it. Artem Russakovskii Yes https://plus.google.com/+ArtemRussakovskii/posts/aYxevnQNXK7 https://plus.google.com/+ArtemRussakovskii/posts/BsXuhKZQbmz F4LL0U7 I got that too, briefly. I think they accidentally pushed out the dogfood version. mike shwilly Somehow the suggestions/corrections bar doesn't even appear for me on menus like that. Anyone got a clue? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fcf5ae1af260f403d6fe67b4a16960601a0f678f624415845c966be49de6c152.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/7db6affa5d2544f41d448de7188c46494be0ca138cb1088830fd557174531b65.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0729dbe9f8f2b6951428091c0dc20c66822aa0bd1fb3d8c8198fba4181bd896a.png Artem Russakovskii That's the mystery - I'm not seeing suggestions either, but many are. mike shwilly I think i had this problem since Nexus 5. It has always been really annoying. Suicide_Note Deftones are a terrible band. Hurricane Andrew I still do not see it on my S7 Edge. I wonder if launcher choice makes a difference. I use Action Launcher. Would be interesting to know what launcher people who are and are not seeing this are using. Yuri Vidal on my s7 it works. are you a beta tester? i also dont use touchwiz launcher. the suggestion bar works for me on chrome, and on google app too. jkl888 I see the suggestions on my phone Artem Russakovskii I'm on the Pixel Launcher, tried both Google app 7.2 and 7.3, and Gboard 6.2 and 6.3, and I don't have this. Reply and post your launcher, Google App version, and Gboard version, and whether you have suggestions or not. Armando Rodriguez Have you notice that the "short" height is shorter than previous versions? abqnm Are you on an S8 or G6? They tweaked some proportions on the odd aspect ratio devices. The S8 doesn't have the hugely tall spacebar anymore, which may be why it seems that way. If you're not on one of those I'm not sure as it seems the same to me. Armando Rodriguez Nexus 5 DPI at 420 Raz Have it. Nova Beta, GBoard 6.3.15.157483061-arm64-v8a, Google app 7.3.19.21.arm64. The new GBoard just asked for access to my SMS to improve the suggestions. Bruno Logerfo wait since when there's a dark theme for the google widget? João Ricardo He problaby has a theme kervation I am using a Google Pixel XL with the stock pixel launcher, running Google app version 7.3.19.21 & Google Gboard version 6.3.15.157483061. I have the suggestion bar for the Google app and also the Chrome beta browser and regular Chrome browser. I also have search suggestions show up when typing in the Google app. JATIN BANSAL I think this is also new. Earlier in dark themes, they used to have a white glow around emoji but now it is gone. I like it now https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c8bcc901c9f60b97c05dc467df6fa4838f96cabcfbf6421714f5ec7189958205.png roberto.elena I wished the keyboard had a dynamic theme that would change automatically based on the app being used, like the status bar does: Youtube = red, WhatsApp = green, Facebook = blue, etc. thegrau There's a third party keyboard that does exactly that. Can't remember the name, but I believe it's based on AOSP Yuri Vidal chroma keyboard Łukasz Ordon There is also Xposed module that can do that... I used to use it but the framework is not available for 7.0+ yet... Adriannacsmith Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dy165c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dy165c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs455DirectDriveGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dy165c:....,...... EmirSc minium has this. thecoolkid Thank god! I hated the glow, not very material design... Lexster Okay, but...when will they put a freaking space after punctuation? It's not that difficult, but after using Swiftkey, I really can't get used to having to put a space after punctuation. catalysto I would NOT want that. Don't need my OCD flaring up with unnecessary spaces. Though, sure, it should probably be an option. Lexster How are spaces after periods of sentences unnecessary? hype67 In acronyms, when the dot doesn't denote the end of a sentence. As decimals. Others situations I can't remember off the top of my head. Lexster USe acronyms with periods a lot, do you? I can't remember the last time I did. It's not generally required for acronyms. You put FBI, not F. B. I. But, yes, it's a little annoying with decimals, but that can generally be programmed to recognize if the space isn't needed. Swiftkey often does. It misses sometimes, sure, but usually works well. If a field needs an IP address, it usually knows this and doesn't put a space. And yes, it can be annoying with website names, but it's much easier to backspace every once in awhile than have to hit space after every single period or question mark. Łukasz Ordon Just press space twice :P It puts full stop AND a space after it... Lexster Yes, but I prefer having the space after punctuation. Doesn't require two taps of the space bar. And it only enters periods. Łukasz Ordon Oh well... You can't make everyone happy... Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Typing URLs and email addresses is a giant pain in SwiftKey. catalysto When it's the last sentence. Lexster Okay? Well, it doesn't add a space until you type a letter, so if it's the last sentence, there wouldn't be a space unless you typed something else. catalysto A period does not always signify the end of a sentence though. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman So glad it doesn't do that. One of the worst things in SwiftKey. Typing URLs and email addresses was such a giant pain in the ass. Hitting space after I type a period isn't a big deal to me AT ALL. Especially since I'm used to typing on a keyboard anyway, so do it automatically. Lexster There some reason it can't be an option? Or do you think because you don't want it that no one should? Jarrett Lennon Kaufman You didn't indicate an option. An option might be okay, although I think it might break enough things as to cause them problems overall. Sometimes options that break the experience are left out to prevent frustration when users forget they're responsible for their own problem. ozzyager I do see suggestions when doing a search. I also recieved the dog bone version first, before being updated again shortly thereafter. Maybe just a coincidence? catalysto Same thing happened to me. It's still working after updating to the non-beta version, too. Though I'm in the beta program for Gboard, so maybe that has something to do with it? My version number is 6.3.15.157483061-arm64-v8a, in case anyone is curious. Łukasz Ordon That Gboard app version with dog paw should not be released publicly. It indicates 'dogfood' version (as googlers call it) which should be tested only inside Google. Dogfood is just debug version of normal app (don't quote me on that tho) ozzyager Correct. This is why I wondered if there was any connection between that version being released by accident to some, like myself, and only some seeing the suggestions when doing a search. Of course it might just be a server side update that is being tested, etc. Łukasz Ordon I've myself got dogfood version but shortly after (like 5 mins later) I've received another update with normal apk... Armv7 version btw :p roberto.elena It also gives suggestions in Chrome while in incognito mode. abqnm While that may be unwanted, it should be pointed out that it now gives suggestions in the Chrome address bar. Period. Previously it did not suggest anything at all in the Chrome address bar, incognito or no. I still don't have it in search though. It does work when typing to Assistant, but it may have done that previously. boop Can someone explain the nav bar in the second pic? Łukasz Ordon It's probably Pixel phone navbar... destinyhud pixel phone if u mean the down arrow then when u click a bar the left become a down arrow boop The color, I mean destinyhud thats probably Gboard's feature. maybe with 6.3 Hurricane Andrew Running Action Launcher 3, Google app version 7.3.19.21, Gboard version 6.3.15.157483061 and do not have the suggestions in the search app. Łukasz Ordon Talking about Google app itself... apparently, cards in Google Now feed have new design now https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5fbd4b5888c4ad6d684f6ab3ba7589a3354607b05f565c0b7aed404237d8d8dc.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ed878edc7fa830f93bf49db1a7d5c8b4267ae6cada762eb9d0e723312cd72c5a.png Łukasz Ordon Aaaaand it's gone... Now cards are normal for me... Take look at football match card (I mean the 'title' of it) https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/150e49575e0870a2a9ca2cf19dd64acd4a3c720df42161667388f2bc104c7a1b.png Federico Rios Im still here with the 5.2.1 version before it called Gboard in Android O DP2 and im SO HAPPY :D whispy_snippet I've never understood why this feature hasn't always existed. Teja The word prediction is the only thing I worry about. Swiftkey is way better than Gboard which made me to switch back to Swiftkey. Michael Oghia Does anyone else experience problems with the spell check feature? Sometimes I misspell a word, it tells me it's misspelled, but then doesn't offer any suggestions. It used to work better a few years ago (when it was still just keyboard or whatever it was called). Vratislav Jindra I would swear I had this yesterday. Today it disappeared. Stephen Diniz Search for emojis by drawing? :D https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/35659ac9a986709c60b979ddb14d2f0a6fb43fca949e34b15c66c9a6976e51d1.png Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 133 queries | 0.521s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Features / Google unveils designs for sprawling London headquarters Google unveils designs for sprawling London headquarters Posted on Thursday, June 1, 2017 by CNN in Features Google has released designs for a new 11-story, 1 million-square-foot headquarters in London near King’s Cross railway station, complete with a sprawling, landscaped rooftop garden. The facilities will include a cafe, gym and pool as well as a rooftop track and ground-floor retail spaces, according to the company’s application for permission to build. The campus has been designed by an all-star team that includes Thomas Heatherwick, the British designer behind London’s 2012 Olympic cauldron, and Danish architect Bjarke Ingels’ BIG firm. The two are also collaborating on Google’s Mountain View campus in California. The current designs do not seem characteristic of the two men. Heatherwick was the mastermind behind the recently scrapped garden bridge in London, and last year, Ingels opened what he calls a “courtscraper” — a structure that combines a communal courtyard with the density of a skyscraper — in New York. “Our design for the new Google campus at King’s Cross is rooted in the local character of the area, taking advantage of the contextually defined building envelope while creating continuously cascading work environments that will connect Googlers across multiple floors,” Ingels said in a statement. “By opening up the ground floor and activating the roofscape, the light and airy workspaces are sandwiched between the terraced gardens on the roof — and market halls, auditoria and shops on the ground.” Heatherwick, whose studio is based in King’s Cross, added: “We have treated this new building for Google like a piece of infrastructure too, made from a family of interchangeable elements which ensure that the building and its workspace will stay flexible for years to come.” The company currently has a smaller headquarters in the area, along with another nearby building. Google had submitted designs for a new headquarters in 2013, but they were later scrapped. If the new application is approved by Camden Council, construction will start next year. Medium Tyler Henry warned Alan Thicke about his heart Geri Halliwell apologizes for Spice Girls exit Related Posts Welcome to Dismaland: Banksy’s new grotesque art theme park Visually Impaired DuBois Middle School Student Receives Award at Expo Passengers evacuate American Airlines flight after report of leak Starbucks offering coconut milk stirs joy Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Subscribe @phpdeveloper.org News Archive Michael Dyrynda: Elegant form handling in Laravel Site News: Blast from the Past - One Year Ago in PHP (06.01.2017) Stefan Koopmanschap: The idempotent command SitePoint PHP Blog: How to Build a Twitter Follower-Farmer Detection App with RestDB Derick Rethans: HHVM and MongoDB Alejandro Celaya: How to customize "not found" and "method not allowed" response prototypes in Zend Rob Allen: Slim's route cache file Community News: Recent posts from PHP Quickfix (05.31.2017) SitePoint PHP Blog: Web App Performance Testing with Siege – Plan, Test, Learn TutsPlus.com: Building Your Startup: Approaching Major Feature Enhancements Looking for more information on how to do PHP the right way? Check out PHP: The Right Way Phillip Shipley: Read and write Google Sheets from PHP by Chris Cornutt Jun 01, 2017 @ 10:57:44 Phillip Shipley has written up a post for his site walking you through the process of using PHP to read from and write to Google Sheets via the Google Sheets API. This past week I needed to be able to read some data from a Google Sheet and then update a column for each row after processing it. This sort of thing should be simple, Google is built on APIs and has client SDKs for just about every language. I’ve also integrated with several Google Admin APIs previously so I expected this to be a breeze. I was wrong. I started out by reading the Quickstart for Sheets API with the PHP Client, but almost immediately I could tell it was not written for my use case. [...] My use case is to use a backend process to function as a service account and batch process data. So the whole API credentials process was wrong for me. He tried a few different approaches and finally, after some guessing, discovered how to share a sheet with the email address for the application. He then includes the steps to follow to get this same setup configured for your application and the code (using the Google_Client) to read and write to the sheet. tagged: read write google sheets tutorial client sharing Link: http://www.phillipshipley.com/2017/05/read-and-write-google-sheets-from-php/ Trending Topics: tutorial laravel package podcast introduction application series framework zendexpressive configuration All content copyright, PHPDeveloper.org :: info@phpdeveloper.org
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. Learn more here.Close Me Home > USA > Intellectual Property United States: Federal Circuit Gives PTAB Free Hand On Claim Construction Last Updated: June 1 2017 Article by Dion M. Bregman, Michael J. Lyons, Ehsun Forghany and Karon N. Fowler Morgan Lewis The Federal Circuit recently held that the Patent Trial and Appeal Board is not constrained by parties' proposed constructions and may, in fact, adopt an alternative construction that the Board raises for the first time at oral argument, so long as both sides have adequate notice and an opportunity to respond. On May 8, the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit affirmed the Patent Trial and Appeal Board's (Board's) decision to invalidate certain claims challenged in an inter partes review (IPR) proceeding based on an alternative construction previewed by the Board for the first time at oral argument and that no party had previously argued for or expected. As long as both parties offer constructions for that claim term prior to argument and are given an opportunity to respond during the argument, the court held that the Board may adopt that alternative construction in its final written decision without violating a party's due process rights. The Decision In Intellectual Ventures II LLC v. Ericsson Inc. et al., the Board granted three petitions for IPR filed by Ericsson and Google challenging different claims from two different Intellectual Ventures II (IV) patents, both of which claimed methods for selecting an appropriate bandwidth in a multibandwidth communication system.[1] In their briefing, the parties offered competing constructions of a key term recited in both patents: "an indication of an operating bandwidth." IV advocated for one construction, Google contended that the plain and ordinary meaning should control, and Ericsson argued that IV's definition was too narrow and no construction was needed.[2] This debate carried over into the oral argument for each petition�an exchange later characterized by the Board as a "vigorous dispute over the proper construction." [3] During the oral argument, however, the Board sua sponte asked the parties whether it would be "sufficient for us to say that enough information is conveyed from the transmitter to the receiver so that the receiver can configure itself to receive that which is transmitted"�i.e., an alternative construction of the term that neither party had proposed and that was notably broader than IV's proposed construction.[4] Google's counsel responded affirmatively. And although IV's counsel disputed the Board's proposed construction, it too conceded that "there's no special requirement for the form of an indication of operating bandwidth." In its final written decision, the Board relied solely on its alternative construction to find all challenged claims of the IV patents invalid over the cited references.[5] IV appealed on several grounds, including that the Board had denied it procedural due process by construing a claim term to mean something no party had proposed or expected.[6] The Federal Circuit disagreed. The court explained that "[d]ue process requires notice and an opportunity to be heard by an impartial decision-maker."[7] In other words, due process requires that the Board "give the parties an opportunity to submit facts and arguments for consideration," so that each party may "present oral and document evidence in support of its case, as well as rebuttal evidence."[8] The court also reiterated that "the Board may not change theories midstream without giving the parties reasonable notice of its change."[9] Turning to the facts at hand, the Federal Circuit found "no due process violation" given "the continuous focus on 'an indication of an operating bandwidth' before and during oral arguments and [IV's] opportunity to seek a sur-reply or rehearing."[10] As long as the Board provides parties with the necessary notice and opportunity to be heard, the court held that "the Board is not constrained by the parties' proposed constructions and is free to adopt its own construction, as it did here."[11] However, the Federal Circuit issued a word of caution: "To be clear, after the Board adopts a construction, it may not change theories without giving the parties an opportunity to respond."[12] According to the court, however, "[n]o such change occurred here" because "the Board questioned counsel about [the disputed term] at oral argument, asked for a reaction to a hypothetical construction, and issued its construction in its Final Written Decision."[13] Future Implications The Intellectual Ventures decision falls in line with two recent Federal Circuit decisions�In re Magnum Oil International Ltd.[14] and SAS Institute, Inc. v. ComplementSoft, LLC[15]�that addressed similar due process concerns in the context of post-grant proceedings. � In Magnum Oil, the Federal Circuit reversed the Board's decision to "adopt[] arguments on behalf of petitioners that could have been, but were not, raised by the petitioner during an IPR."[16] Because the petitioner bears the burden of proving unpatentability, the court held that "the Board must base its decision on arguments that were advanced by a party, and to which the opposing party was given a chance to respond."[17] In other words, "the Board supplied completely new arguments that the petitioner never raised."[18] This differs from Intellectual Ventures, "where the Board questioned counsel extensively over the construction of [the disputed term] after receiving briefs that contested both whether and how the Board needed to construe the term."[19] Along the same lines, the Federal Circuit in SAS reversed the Board's decision to "adopt[] a construction in its final written decision" after "chang[ing] theories in midstream."[20] Unlike SAS, however, "where the Board construed a claim term one way in its Institution Decision and, unexpectedly, a different way in its Final Written Decision," the Board in Intellectual Ventures posed the hypothetical construction to both parties during oral argument before adopting the construction in its final written decision.[21] At bottom, the Intellectual Ventures decision makes clear that the Board may adopt a construction not advanced by any party so long as it provides the parties with notice and an opportunity to respond, even if that construction is raised for the first time at oral argument. Accordingly, parties to a post-grant proceeding should be prepared to substantively address any alternative construction previewed by the Board during oral argument, especially where both sides argued competing constructions prior to argument. But even where the Board adopts a construction for a claim term that neither side briefed, or adopts a construction without affording both sides a meaningful opportunity to respond, parties should still consider seeking a sur-reply or rehearing in order to preserve their due process claim for appeal. Footnotes [1] Nos. 2016-1739, 2016-1740, 2016-1741, 2017 WL 1842527 (Fed. Cir. May 8, 2017). [2] Id. at *2. [3] Id. [4] Id. [5] Id. at *3. [6] Id. [7] Id. [8] Id. [9] Id. [10] Id. at *4. [11] Id. [12] Id. [13] Id. [14] 829 F.3d 1364, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2016). [15] 825 F.3d 1341, 1351 (Fed. Cir. 2016). [16] In re Magnum Oil, 829 F.3d at 1381. [17] Id. [18] Intellectual Ventures, 2017 WL 1842527, at *4. [19] Id. [20] 825 F.3d at 1351. [21] Intellectual Ventures, 2017 WL 1842527, at *4. This article is provided as a general informational service and it should not be construed as imparting legal advice on any specific matter. To print this article, all you need is to be registered on Mondaq.com. Click to Login as an existing user or Register so you can print this article. Do you have a Question or Comment? Click here to email the Author Interested in the next Webinar on this Topic? Click here to register your Interest Contributor Dion M. Bregman Morgan Lewis Email Firm Events from this Firm More from this Firm More from this Author News About this Firm Authors Dion M. Bregman Michael J. Lyons Ehsun Forghany Karon N. Fowler More Popular Related Articles on Intellectual Property from USA Best Practices For Using Third-Party Content On Your Company's Website Womble Carlyle Does your company's website include or link to third-party content? If so, there are potential legal issues that may arise under copyright law and website terms of use that can be minimized or avoided... Secondary Considerations Carry The Day Jones Day We have previously reported (on February 1, on March 1, and on March 30) how patent owners have seen a mixed bag of results in trying to convince PTAB panels that secondary considerations... What Rights Will I Lose If I Pitch My Invention To Investors Before I File A Patent Application? Ward & Smith Did you know that the individual often credited with popularizing karaoke did not reap the financial rewards of his invention to the extent possible? The Kardashians Can't Keep Up With Copyright Law Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton Khloe Kardashian is the latest Kardashian to find herself in court over her activities on social media. Artist Files Suit Over Destruction of Renowned Mural Alleging Violation of VARA Lewis Roca Rothgerber Christie LLP A noted designer and illustrator who worked on "Star Trek: The Next Generation," has filed a lawsuit over the destruction of his Los Angeles "Six Heads" mural, alleging violation of the Visual Artists Rights Act (VARA) and the California Art Preservation Act. Texas' Loss is Delaware's Gain: Navigating the Post-TC Heartland Landscape of Patent Litigation Womble Carlyle On May 22, 2017, the U.S. Supreme Court disrupted nearly three decades of patent venue practice by reversing the Federal Circuit in TC Heartland v. Kraft Foods. Pleading Direct Patent Infringement In ANDA Cases Upon Information And Belief Finnegan, Henderson, Farabow, Garrett & Dunner, LLP December 5, 2015, saw the abrogation of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 84 and Form 18, the sample complaint for direct patent infringement. Markush Groups: Traps For The Unwary Finnegan, Henderson, Farabow, Garrett & Dunner, LLP While many patent examiners prefer Markush claims, which recite lists of alternatively useable species, to be formatted as "selected from the group consisting of A, B, and C," ...   In association with Mondaq Advice Center (MACs) Intellectual Property Investment Immigration Trademarks in SAARC Countries More Advice Centers Related Topics Similar Topics Intellectual Property Patent Litigation, Mediation & Arbitration Trials & Appeals & Compensation Intellectual Property Copyright Licensing & Syndication Trade Secrets Trademark Related Articles Recently Viewed Scotus Expands The Doctrine Of Patent Exhaustion To Sales Outside The US And Confirms That The Doctrine Cannot Be Limited Through Post-Sale Restrictions Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP Supreme Court Clarifies The Meaning Of The Patent Venue Statute Smith Gambrell & Russell LLP New Life For Venue Challenges Under TC Heartland After Rule 12 Motions Are Concluded Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP Supreme Court Reinstates Venue Limitations In Patent Cases Andrews Kurth LLP Shop Until You Drop, Or Until The Supreme Court Says To Stop, The Supreme Court Limits �Venue Shopping' For Patent Cases Moritt, Hock & Hamroff LLP Supreme Court Holds That Patent Exhaustion Applies to All Sales, Domestic and International, Regardless of Post-Sale Restrictions Ropes & Gray LLP Potential Impact of the Supreme Court's Decision to Review the PTAB's Practice of Issuing Partial Final Written Decisions in Post-Grant Proceedings Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP The Supreme Court, Reversing The Federal Circuit, Holds That "Residence" In The Patent Venue Statute Refers To Only A Domestic Corporation's State Of Incorporation BakerHostetler Supreme Court Restricts Patent Venue - Holding That A Domestic Corporation "Resides" Only In The State Of Incorporation Orrick U.S. Supreme Court Shuts Down Patent Troll Venue Shopping Wilson Elser Moskowitz Edelman & Dicker LLP Recently viewed items tracks each article you read and gives you a quick link back to that article if you need to review it again. To activate recently viewed, you just need to login or register with us above. Related Video Mozilla And Stanford Law Panel: What Role Does The First Amendment Have In Patent Law? (Video) Fenwick & West LLP McDermott's Reverse Engineered Podcast | Section 101: Protecting Software & Other Technologies - Video McDermott Will & Emery Video � PTAB Popularity And Reasons For It Jones Day View More Videos Up-coming Events Search Region / Country...WorldwideUnited StatesLatin AmericaEuropeAsia PacificAsiaEuropean UnionU.K.BrazilCanadaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkFranceGermanyHong KongItalyMexicoSpainUKUnited StatesJerseyGuernseySerbia Show More Filters Timeframe...This WeekNext Two WeeksNext MonthNext Quarter Event Type...Business BreakfastConferenceOtherPodcastSeminarSpeaking EngagementWebinarWorkshop Location...Brazil- San PauloCanada- Calgary- Montreal- Ontario- Ottawa- Toronto- VancouverCyprus- NicosiaCzech Republic- PragueDenmark- CopenhagenFrance- ParisGermany- BerlinGuernsey- St Peter PortHong Kong- Hong KongItaly- ParmaJersey- UnknownMexico- MexicoSerbia- BelgradeSpain- MadridUK- Birmingham- LondonUnited States- Arizona- Atlanta- Boston- California- Chicago- Dallas- Denver- Hershey- Kansas City- Las Vegas- Los Angeles- New York- Pittsburgh- San Diego- San Francisco- St Louis- Texas- Washington, DC GO Tools Print Font Size: Translation Channels Mondaq on Twitter Free News Alert Custom RSS Feed Download on iPhone & Android Contact Us | Your Privacy | Feedback © Mondaq� Ltd 1994 - 2017 All Rights Reserved   News Alert|Login|Register Login / Register Free News Alert Privacy/ Cookies Terms & Conditions About Mondaq Unsubscribe TOPICS| REGIONS| CONTRIBUTORS| ADVICE CENTER| OUR SERVICES Employment| Healthcare| Commercial| Finance| IP| Litigation| Privacy| Tax| Energy| Media & IT| Government| Immigration| More Compliance Law Performance Wealth Mgt Accounting Law Practice Strategy Family Transport Criminal International Anti-trust Insolvency Technology Real Estate Environment Insurance Consumer All Regions |USA |Canada |UK |Europe |Offshore |Asia Pacific |Australia |Latin America |Middle East & Africa |India | More Contributors A-Z | Most Popular Contributors | Most Popular Authors | Author League | Award Winners | Become a Contributor About Mondaq | Become a Contributor | Become a Partner | What's New | Contact Us Become a MAC Partner Select Advice Centre| Mondaq Advice Centre - About| Albania Argentina Austria Barbados Belgium Bermuda Brazil British Virgin Islands Cayman Islands Chile China Colombia Cyprus Czech Republic Ecuador France Germany Gibraltar Guernsey Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Japan Jersey Kazakhstan Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Mauritius Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Nigeria Panama Peru Poland Portugal Romania Russian Federation Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa South Korea Spain Switzerland Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Vietnam Accounting and Audit Anti-trust/Competition Law Compliance Consumer Protection Corporate/Commercial Law Criminal Law Employment and HR Energy and Natural Resources Environment Family and Matrimonial Finance and Banking Food, Drugs, Healthcare, Life Sciences Government, Public Sector Immigration Insolvency/Bankruptcy/Re-structuring Insurance Intellectual Property International Law Law Department Performance Law Practice Management Litigation, Mediation & Arbitration Media, Telecoms, IT, Entertainment Privacy Real Estate and Construction Strategy Tax Technology Transport Wealth Management All Regions USA Canada UK Europe Offshore Asia Pacific Australia Latin America Middle East & Africa Other Countries Albania Argentina Austria Barbados Belgium Bermuda Brazil British Virgin Islands Cayman Islands Chile China Colombia Cyprus Czech Republic Ecuador France Germany Gibraltar Guernsey Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Japan Jersey Kazakhstan Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Mauritius Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Nigeria Panama Peru Poland Portugal Romania Russian Federation Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa South Korea Spain Switzerland Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Vietnam Register for Access and our Free Biweekly Alert for This service is completely free. Access 250,000 archived articles from 100+ countries and get a personalised email twice a week covering developments (and yes, our lawyers like to think you�ve read our Disclaimer).   Email Address Company Name Password Confirm Password Position CEO, Owner, Chairman, President, Mng Director Director, Vice President, Senior Company Executive Inhouse Counsel, Lawyer in Company/Government CFO/FD, Inhouse Accountant, Treasurer Corporate/Company Secretary, Compliance Officer Lawyer in Law Firm, Private Practice, Barrister Consultant, Accountant in Accountancy Firm, Practicing Accountant Banker, Stockbroker, Analyst, Economist Marketing, Business Development Editor, Journalist, Researcher IS/IT Student, Academic HR Please Select Position Mondaq Topics -- Select your Interests  Accounting  Anti-trust  Commercial  Compliance  Consumer  Criminal  Employment  Energy  Environment  Family  Finance  Government  Healthcare  Immigration  Insolvency  Insurance  International  IP  Law Performance  Law Practice  Litigation  Media & IT  Privacy  Real Estate  Strategy  Tax  Technology  Transport  Wealth Mgt Regions Africa Asia Asia Pacific Australasia Canada Caribbean Europe European Union Latin America Middle East U.K. United States Worldwide Updates Check to state you have read and agree to our Terms and Conditions Terms & Conditions and Privacy Statement Mondaq.com (the Website) is owned and managed by Mondaq Ltd and as a user you are granted a non-exclusive, revocable license to access the Website under its terms and conditions of use. Your use of the Website constitutes your agreement to the following terms and conditions of use. Mondaq Ltd may terminate your use of the Website if you are in breach of these terms and conditions or if Mondaq Ltd decides to terminate your license of use for whatever reason. Use of www.mondaq.com You may use the Website but are required to register as a user if you wish to read the full text of the content and articles available (the Content). You may not modify, publish, transmit, transfer or sell, reproduce, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, link, display, or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part, except as expressly permitted in these terms & conditions or with the prior written consent of Mondaq Ltd. You may not use electronic or other means to extract details or information about Mondaq.com�s content, users or contributors in order to offer them any services or products which compete directly or indirectly with Mondaq Ltd�s services and products. Disclaimer Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers make no representations about the suitability of the information contained in the documents and related graphics published on this server for any purpose. All such documents and related graphics are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. In no event shall Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information available from this server. The documents and related graphics published on this server could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the product(s) and/or the program(s) described herein at any time. Registration Mondaq Ltd requires you to register and provide information that personally identifies you, including what sort of information you are interested in, for three primary purposes: To allow you to personalize the Mondaq websites you are visiting. To enable features such as password reminder, newsletter alerts, email a colleague, and linking from Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) to your website. To produce demographic feedback for our information providers who provide information free for your use. Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) do not sell or provide your details to third parties other than information providers. The reason we provide our information providers with this information is so that they can measure the response their articles are receiving and provide you with information about their products and services. If you do not want us to provide your name and email address you may opt out by clicking here . If you do not wish to receive any future announcements of products and services offered by Mondaq by clicking here . Information Collection and Use We require site users to register with Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) to view the free information on the site. We also collect information from our users at several different points on the websites: this is so that we can customise the sites according to individual usage, provide 'session-aware' functionality, and ensure that content is acquired and developed appropriately. This gives us an overall picture of our user profiles, which in turn shows to our Editorial Contributors the type of person they are reaching by posting articles on Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) � meaning more free content for registered users. We are only able to provide the material on the Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) site free to site visitors because we can pass on information about the pages that users are viewing and the personal information users provide to us (e.g. email addresses) to reputable contributing firms such as law firms who author those pages. We do not sell or rent information to anyone else other than the authors of those pages, who may change from time to time. Should you wish us not to disclose your details to any of these parties, please tick the box above or tick the box marked "Opt out of Registration Information Disclosure" on the Your Profile page. We and our author organisations may only contact you via email or other means if you allow us to do so. Users can opt out of contact when they register on the site, or send an email to unsubscribe@mondaq.com with �no disclosure� in the subject heading Mondaq News Alerts In order to receive Mondaq News Alerts, users have to complete a separate registration form. This is a personalised service where users choose regions and topics of interest and we send it only to those users who have requested it. Users can stop receiving these Alerts by going to the Mondaq News Alerts page and deselecting all interest areas. In the same way users can amend their personal preferences to add or remove subject areas. Cookies A cookie is a small text file written to a user�s hard drive that contains an identifying user number. The cookies do not contain any personal information about users. We use the cookie so users do not have to log in every time they use the service and the cookie will automatically expire if you do not visit the Mondaq website (or its affiliate sites) for 12 months. We also use the cookie to personalise a user's experience of the site (for example to show information specific to a user's region). As the Mondaq sites are fully personalised and cookies are essential to its core technology the site will function unpredictably with browsers that do not support cookies - or where cookies are disabled (in these circumstances we advise you to attempt to locate the information you require elsewhere on the web). However if you are concerned about the presence of a Mondaq cookie on your machine you can also choose to expire the cookie immediately (remove it) by selecting the 'Log Off' menu option as the last thing you do when you use the site. Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies and we are not aware of any at present that do so. Log Files We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Links This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Mondaq (or its affiliate sites) are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of these third party sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site. Surveys & Contests From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose any information requested. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and delivery address), and demographic information (such as postcode, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the functionality of the site. Mail-A-Friend If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend�s name and email address. Mondaq stores this information and may contact the friend to invite them to register with Mondaq, but they will not be contacted more than once. The friend may contact Mondaq to request the removal of this information from our database. Security This website takes every reasonable precaution to protect our users� information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected using firewalls and other security technology. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to webmaster@mondaq.com. Correcting/Updating Personal Information If a user�s personally identifiable information changes (such as postcode), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavour to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user�s personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the �Your Profile� page or by sending an email to EditorialAdvisor@mondaq.com. Notification of Changes If we decide to change our Terms & Conditions or Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on our site so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. How to contact Mondaq You can contact us with comments or queries at enquiries@mondaq.com. If for some reason you believe Mondaq Ltd. has not adhered to these principles, please notify us by e-mail at problems@mondaq.com and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to determine and correct the problem promptly.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Store officially launches in Puerto Rico, Pixel and other products available for purchase Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/31 4:35pm PDTMay 31, 2017 23 Plus 1 on G+ 105 Share on Facebook 57 Share on Twitter Total Shares185 Google News Puerto Rico, despite being a territory of the United States, is often treated as a separate country by businesses. Puerto Rican residents could order from the US Google Store, but now Google has created a seperate Store just for the island itself. The Google Store country picker, which lists all of the countries with their own Store, has been updated to include Puerto Rico. In addition, the support document listing product availability by country has been updated with mentions of the island. Currently, only the Google Pixel, Daydream View, Samsung Chromebook Plus, and various accessories are available for purchase. Still, at least Puerto Rico residents can now buy an unlocked Pixel straight from Google. You can view the island's Google Store at the source link below. Source: Google Store Tags Google google store online puerto rico store subscribe ... Previous Story ASUS has updated the Chromebook Flip with a new processor and USB Type-C ... Next Story Unlocked Galaxy S8/S8+ now available in the United States Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Josue Rivera It was never really blocked, if you used a local ISP it error out, but use a mobile provider like T-Mobile or AT&T and worked fine. I ordered my Nexus 4 and a Pixel C from google store. And I obviously live in Puerto Rico. Frisi Just put United States in the billing address and you're good to go. ;) Christian Camacho My account always had access to Google Devices and I live in PR. I've been ordering from the Google Store since the Nexus 4. I'm confused. Frisi This is for those who put Puerto Rico as country instead of United States. I always put my address to United States as country, since we're part of the US. If I put Puerto Rico it even locks me out of the Play Store (except for apps and games). Frisi It has always worked. Since we're part of the United States, we could put US as country and have access to Google's entire hardware catalogue. I have ordered the Pixel, Nexus 5X, Chromecast, Chromebooks, cases, etc. Same applies with Google Play itself. If you put US as country, Movies, Music, and Books works. If you put just Puerto Rico as country then you're locked out from the aforementioned services. Artem Russakovskii That is mind-bogglingly dumb, especially since https://support.google.com/store/answer/2462844 now provides specific exclusions for Puerto Rico for most products. Frisi I don't even know. I know I have been redirected to the Puerto Rico section for weeks now. Possibly a month or so. All I do is change back to the US and order normally. I haven't had any issues at all. Products work here fine (Pixel, Assistant, Home, Chromecast) even with local services. Louis Fuller I work from comfort and ease of my property or home, by doing simplistic gigs that only require from you a Desktop computer system and internet access and I am just joyful than before... After six months with this project and therefore managed to get paid out totally Thirty six Thousand usd... Basically I earn roughly eighty bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hrs each day.And brilliant factor concerning this job is the fact that you can also control your time whenever you get the job done and for just how long as you may prefer and you achieve a paycheck week by week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Josue Rivera Well according to that page chromecast is not available in PR, yet I own one that I purchased through Google on the last black friday sale they had with HBO streaming service. Same deal as Frisi said I use the US store and in address use US (which isn't wrong as we are a territory that depends on USPS anyways) lol. So now we have "official" store with half the products locked out... Artem Russakovskii ¯_(ツ)_/¯ MJ Great, now that Puerto Rico has access to the Play store next thing you know they will want to be US citizens. Frisi We *are* US citizens... MJ Shhhhh... Most people in the US don't know that. Tom Westrick They already are US citizens MJ I guess should have ended my comment with /joke. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ 'murica https://img.memecdn.com/meanwhile-in-amp-039-murica_o_2483621.jpg Arnaldo Rodriguez Wait what ? I have been able to buy products from the Store since Nexus 5. Enriquetaafenn Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dt161c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dt161c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs451ShopFaceGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dt161c:....,.... defbsce One thing to note, even if you put US as country, extended warranties didn't apply when you bought devices, happened to my kid brothers N5X, after a couple of months they called me to reimburse the costs. Guess what happened about 1 month after that happened? BOOTLOOP! I hope that has now changed. Can anyone verify? Not changing my N6p anytime soon but I will eventually. Pixel 3? Well not I live in the capital of Latin America ehem SouthFlo but yeah. xD I go back to HTC G2, Galaxy Nexus from tmo & Claro but once N4 came out I bought one for me, wife and kid bro. Roh_Mish Why is even PR being treated as a different country. Hell even geographically they are closer than Hawaii. Toys Samurai Nope. The truth is: Despacito This is how we do it down in Puerto Rico Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 111 queries | 0.343s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Sign in Home News News Education Nigeria Africa World Analysis Interviews Editorial Abuja Times China In Nigeria Art Tourism Politics Entertainment Entertainment Celebrities Life & Times Fashion Relationship Life & Style Music Society Business Business Money Market Capital Market Energy Labour Insurance Aviation Brands and Marketing Economy Maritime Agriculture Sport Hard Tackle Federation Watch Stars of Yesteryears Nigeria Players Abroad Sports Interviews Features Features Metro Crime Opinion Columnist Tech Health Food & Nutrition Wellbeing DTNOW E-paper Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Sign in / Join About DailyTimes Advertise With Us Contact Times Heroes Award Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Daily Times Nigeria Home News News Education Nigeria Africa World Analysis Interviews Editorial Abuja Times China In Nigeria Art Tourism Politics Entertainment Entertainment Celebrities Life & Times Fashion Relationship Life & Style Music Society Business Business Money Market Capital Market Energy Labour Insurance Aviation Brands and Marketing Economy Maritime Agriculture Sport Hard Tackle Federation Watch Stars of Yesteryears Nigeria Players Abroad Sports Interviews Features Features Metro Crime Opinion Columnist Tech Health Food & Nutrition Wellbeing DTNOW E-paper Home Tech Android Payments will Becomes Available For Desktops Soon Tech Android Payments will Becomes Available For Desktops Soon By DTN STAFF - June 1, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter A Google executive has stated that the search giant is trying to find ways to implement its payment service, Android Pay, to desktops. According to Google’s director for emerging platforms Spencer Spinell, the desktop implementation of Android Pay will be designed to complement its current offering of mobile payment service. However, Spinell stated that they are currently focusing on mobile platforms, which is not surprising given that the infrastructure and standards for desktop implementation of payment services are yet to be finalized. There is a clear benefit in making Android Pay available to desktops since it will result in a less complicated user experience as consumers can use the same service everywhere. At this point, however, Google is already working with partners to develop standards that will allow for a secure desktop implementation of its payment service. According to Spinell, Google is currently working in collaboration with WC3, the consortium responsible for developing desktop and web payment standards. By working with WC3, the interoperability of payment solutions will be guaranteed. Google itself is developing an open standard for desktop payment, which it calls the Payment Request API. The open nature of the standard allows the said API to be implemented not only in Google Chrome but practically across all the different browsers used around the globe. It will also seamlessly support as many payment methods as possible. Google describes the said API as a “process layer” which aims to allow the browser to act as an intermediary between the user, merchants, and payment services. By adopting the API, Google hopes that the payment communication flow in desktops will be standardized, reducing or even eliminating the need for lengthy checkout forms before a purchase. While it is working to develop a desktop implementation of its payment method, Google is still working hard to ensure compatibility of its mobile payment service with more banks and financial institutions in numerous markets around the world. J ust recently, Google launched its payment service in Canada and Russia. The search giant is also working to improve the security and user experience of Android Pay. Recently, a teardown of the Android Pay app shows that the payment service may support facial recognition soon, providing users with more options to secure their financial transactions. Post navigation Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... TAGS Android Pay payment service SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleOkowa restates commitment to Address Asaba flood Next articleI’m in Nigeria to raise boxing champs—Holyfield DTN STAFF RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Tech CBS restructures to deliver world class services Tech Apple is making a Siri speaker that will sit in people’s houses and speak to them. Tech Huawei Donates Centre for Skills Acquisition development Training in Lagos Tech Motorola Z2 play review as Thinner,Lighter and Better. Tech check the phones that looking more like the iPhone 8’s final design News NESA to invest $2bn in youths for entrepreneurial skill Leave a Reply Cancel reply Latest News NLC to Senate: Don’t increase Nigerian’s hardship June 5, 2017 Why Ekiti petroleum marketers suspended 4-week strike June 5, 2017 We’ll opt out of the PDP if Sheriff wins in Supreme... June 5, 2017 Babcock University graduates 89 First Class students June 5, 2017 Ex-PDP chairman, 25,000 members decamp to APC June 5, 2017 Please forward all your opinion stories to opinion@dailytimes.ng Tags 2015 Election 2015 Elections Abuja All Progressives Congress All Progressives Congress (APC) Ambode APC Boko Haram Buhari CBN Court EFCC Election Elections Fayose FG football General Muhammadu Buhari Goodluck Jonathan Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) INEC Jega Jonathan Lagos Military Newspaper Nigeria NNPC nollywood NSE PDP Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Police politics President President Elect President Goodluck Jonathan Rivers state Senate South Africa Sports ticker UN US Wike Nigeria's oldest newspaper, providing breaking news on politics, sports, business, entertainment, arts and lifestyle. POPULAR POSTS Donald Trump to arrest Mugabe and 6 other African leaders within... January 23, 2017 Trump Orders Removal Of Islamic Symbols, Practices In The White House January 24, 2017 Graphic photos from the University of Maiduguri mosque bomb blast January 16, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY News15526 Headlines5851 Sport3922 Politics2984 Business2779 Entertainment2544 Celebrities1414 Opinion1160 World991 About DailyTimes Advertise With Us Terms of use Privacy Policy Contact © 1926 - 2016 Daily Times of Nigeria Pin It on Pinterest Share This Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn StumbleUpon %d bloggers like this:
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Reviews Tech Don’t buy the Chromebook Pro until Google fixes a critical bug New, 35 comments Aw, Snap by Dieter Bohn@backlon Jun 1, 2017, 11:54am EDT share tweet Linkedin Photo by Vjeran Pavic / The Verge This should have been a big launch for Google. The release of the Samsung Chromebook Pro was going to be the opening salvo in 2017's battle of the cheap computers. It went on sale on May 28th, priced at $549.99. It's a handsome and thin touchscreen laptop that looks like it costs twice as much as it does. Because it also comes with a stylus and performs at speeds you don't usually get on Chrome OS, it should have been an inexpensive flagship that can prove that Chromebooks aren't just for students and couches, but could be your main computer. The operative word there is "should." Because after a grand unveiling at CES, reality hit: the hardware wasn't finished in time, and the software still isn't finished. Even though it's now on sale and shipping to customers, the software has a memory bug that crashes the computer if you push it too hard. Until Google fixes it, you should hold off on buying this laptop. I’m holding off on reviewing it, too. I found that if I open more than a dozen or so tabs or web apps, the Chromebook Pro can become unstable — the whole device will freeze or even restart. The problem is intermittent and seems worse if you happen to open an Android app or had opened and closed one since you last rebooted. Proper support for Android apps is still months away Although Android apps are still in beta, they’re available for regular users out of the box. In fact, one of the core features of the Chromebook Pro is annotating images in the Android version of Google Keep. That means you can’t use the key differentiating feature of the Chromebook Pro without causing crashes. To be clear, the bug rears its head even if you never open an Android app — it just seems to be worse when you do. Until Google solves these problems, you can only use a fraction of the Chromebook Pro's capabilities without risking a freeze-up. Google says it’s working on the software fix. What I should have been doing this week is judging this laptop by a new standard: standing toe-to-toe against Windows 10 S and the iPad as a complete vision for the next generation of simplified, secure, yet nevertheless powerful computing. Instead of doing that, I’m doing this: telling you that the Chromebook Pro was delayed, that the main thing we were hoping it would do (Android apps) is still months away from being any good, and the people who ordered it on day one are going to experience a critical bug that breaks their experience until Google issues a patch. Earlier this month, I wrote that Google prefers slow and steady iteration to flashy, change-the-world product releases. That slow and steady approach is admirable in its way and may ultimately win the race for Chrome OS. But if you're going to take a measured approach to releasing products, you absolutely shouldn't be tripping over your own feet as you do it. We’ll update this article and post a review of the Chromebook Pro when Google issues the patch. Next Up In Reviews ⌘ + K, the Slack keyboard shortcut that saved my life Five essential apps to track your spending, save money, and pay your friends Luminoodle Basecamp: because sometimes you need a 20-foot light rope How to use Snapchat in 2017 How to send the first message on a dating app Fairystring vs. Luminoodle: battle of the whimsically named USB light strips Now Trending Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread Details on the iPhone 8, AR Glasses, Siri Speaker, MacBook and more Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? Or any celeb photos? Rolls-Royce custom-built this gorgeous coupe for a mystery millionaire Redefining the dream car Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 12. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology by Rich McCormick 4 comments / new Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread by Andrew Liptak 54 comments / new No, your sunscreen isn't going to kill you by Miriam Nielsen and Kimberly Mas 6 comments / new Wonder Woman has come a long way since this failed 1967 screen test by Kwame Opam 3 comments / new UK prime minister Theresa May calls for internet regulations following London attacks by Andrew Liptak 21 comments / new After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious by Andrew Liptak 4 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Just In 2mins CNN anchor assumes Indian-American spelling bee champion could read Sanskrit 23mins CBI conducts raids at properties of NDTV founder Prannoy Roy 31mins 22 charred to death as bus catches fire after collision with truck in Bareily 41mins Trump under fire for criticising Sadiq Khan after bridge attacks 56mins Steering clear of Pakistan, China says counter-terrorism is a global responsibility 1hr Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut diplomatic ties with Qatar as Gulf rift deepens 2hrs One jawan killed in Maoist ambush near Kandhamal 3hrs Fidayeen attack foiled in Bandipora; 4 militants killed Top 10 stories of June 4, 2017 Trump believes climate is changing, says Nikki Haley NIA continues terror-fund searches in J&K CBSE asks private schools for data on fee structure to curb overcharging China copter in Indian skies? Vicky Kaushal to star opposite Alia in Meghna Gulzar’s next ‘Time to change counterterror strategy’, says British PM Theresa May, following London Bridge Attack Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Online education industry in India to touch $1.96 bn. by 2021 Share On JUST IN 2mins CNN anchor assumes Indian-American spelling bee champion could read Sanskrit 23mins CBI conducts raids at properties of NDTV founder Prannoy Roy 31mins 22 charred to death as bus catches fire after collision with truck in Bareily 41mins Trump under fire for criticising Sadiq Khan after bridge attacks 56mins Steering clear of Pakistan, China says counter-terrorism is a global responsibility 1hr Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut diplomatic ties with Qatar as Gulf rift deepens 2hrs One jawan killed in Maoist ambush near Kandhamal 3hrs Fidayeen attack foiled in Bandipora; 4 militants killed Top 10 stories of June 4, 2017 Trump believes climate is changing, says Nikki Haley NIA continues terror-fund searches in J&K CBSE asks private schools for data on fee structure to curb overcharging China copter in Indian skies? Vicky Kaushal to star opposite Alia in Meghna Gulzar’s next ‘Time to change counterterror strategy’, says British PM Theresa May, following London Bridge Attack CLOSE Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Chennai Silks fire: The story till now Business Business Online education industry in India to touch $1.96 bn. by 2021 Staff Reporter BENGALURU, June 01, 2017 21:18 IST Updated: June 01, 2017 21:18 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Staff Reporter BENGALURU, June 01, 2017 21:18 IST Updated: June 01, 2017 21:18 IST more-in The online education industry in India is estimated to witness a growth of eight times (8x) and reach $1.96 billion by 2021, according to a study conducted by technology major Google and KPMG. The report, titled ‘Online Education in India: 2021, was based on market research conducted by KPMG and combined with insights from Google search. The research covered more than 3,600 respondents from across 27 geographies, including metro and non-metros to understand the growth of consumer paid online education market in India by 2021. The respondents were in the age group of 16-45 years. According to the report,the paid user base would grow six times (6x) from 1.6 million users in 2016 to 9.6 million users in 2021. At a time when the IT services industry was talking about re-skilling, the study said re-skilling and online certification was the largest category in the online education space. In 2016, it was valued at $93 million and expected to grow at a CAGR of 38% to reach 463 million by 2021. “The online education segment is set to become a multi-billion dollar opportunity in India. There are many factors driving this growth, including the perceived convenience, increased reach and personalisation offered by online channels,” said Nitin Bawankule, industry director, Google India, in a statement. The report said over the last two years, there had been a 2x growth in online searches for education and a 3x growth in searches from a mobile device. Also, 44% of education searches were now coming from beyond the top 6 metros and there had been a 4x growth in education content consumption on YouTube in the last one year. As per the report, the primary and secondary education category had the largest addressable audience with students base of about 260 million when compared with the other categories. Owing to this, the primary and secondary supplementary education segment was the second largest category in 2016 and would grow at a CAGR of 60% to reach $773 million, making it the largest category in 2021. Test preparation, which is a small segment as of now, would likely to grow at CAGR of 64% to become a $515 million category in 2021. Post a Comment More In Business economy (general) Related Articles << Previous Story Petrol price hiked by ₹1.23, diesel by 89 paise Next Story >> Rupee gains 8 paise against US dollar in early trade Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Jun 5, 2017 10:45:16 AM | http://www.thehindu.com/business/online-education-industry-in-india-to-touch-196-bn-by-2021/article18700731.ece © The Hindu Switch it up this year: Buy in May, till November stay Some are bullish on the healthy global economic outlook Reuters Top Picks in The Hindu today Visakhapatnam is sitting on a pollution bomb When cops joined hands to build houses for ailing underprivileged persons The 10 facts you need to know about ISRO’s GSLV-Mk III RTI unearths a hidden wedding Women to get combat role in Army What to expect at Apple’s 2017 developers' conference Faster, higher, smoother Google doodles Nutan’s expressions Google to pay $200,000 in hunt for Android bugs Four jawans scale Everest without oxygen support Close X Next Story >> Rupee gains 8 paise against US dollar in early trade CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
Share 5 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-05 ‘The White Princess’ Stuns With Devastating Finale [Episode 8 Recap and Review] [Opinion] Entertainment 2017-06-04 Wiz Khalifa’s Ex Amber Rose Dodges Million Dollar Lawsuit Entertainment 2017-06-02 Kandi Burruss Almost Left ‘Real Housewives Of Atlanta’ Because Of Phaedra Parks And Porsha Williams Entertainment 2017-06-02 Marilyn Monroe’s Home Sells Over Asking Price, But Is It Haunted By Her Ghost? Some Say Yes News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-06-04 Portland Protests Update: Demonstrations Turn Violent At Pro-Trump, Alt-Right Rally News 2017-06-04 Kesha Records New Music With Eagles Of Death Metal, Dr. Luke No Longer The CEO Of Sony’s Kemosabe Records News 2017-06-04 Cash Freeman: Oklahoma Man Shoots And Kills Neighbor Who Was Trying To Drown Infant Twins News 2017-06-04 Alaska Volcano Eruption 2017: Expert Explains Why Predicting When Bogoslof Volcano Will Erupt Is Tricky Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-06-04 WWE Extreme Rules 2017 Results Wrestling 2017-06-04 Backstage News Regarding Future Of American Alpha, Jason Jordan Could Be Breakout Star Basketball 2017-06-04 NBA Mock Draft 2017: Report Places Lonzo Ball In Top Five, But Not Above Josh Jackson Wrestling 2017-06-04 Huge Spoiler For Jinder Mahal/Randy Orton Rivalry Heading Into Rematch Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-06-04 ‘Alien’ Yoga: The Newest Fitness Rage That Contorts Your Midsection In Otherworldly Way Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Seven Helpful Things To Do By Yourself Before Getting Married [Opinion] Beauty, Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Breaking The Internet & Stereotypes, Sudanese Model Nyakim Gatwech Is A Slap On Our Skin-Color Obsessed World Lifestyle 2017-06-03 June Is Adopt A Rescue Cat Month — Here’s What You Need To Know Before Bringing A Shelter Cat Home Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-06-03 June Is Alzheimer’s And Brain Awareness Month — Why People Are Displaying Purple And How You Can Show Support Health 2017-06-03 Ambrosia Offers Fountain Of Youth To Older Adults, New Treatment Can Potentially Reverse Aging Health 2017-06-03 Bradley Lowery’s Mother Reveals In Heartbreaking Facebook Post That The Five-Year-Old Has ‘Only Weeks To Live’ Health 2017-06-02 Flesh-Eating Bacteria Kills Man Who Took Swim After Getting New Tattoo Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-06-04 Valve Promises Low Fee For Steam Direct Gaming 2017-06-04 Top ‘Overwatch’ Player Hacks To Rank: DDOS Attacks Abound Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘Kingdom Hearts’ Orchestra World Tour Features Exclusive New Story Scenes, Concert Comes To U.S. This Summer Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘The Sims 4’ Pets DLC Rumor: New Leak Hints Horses Scrapped, November Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Newborn Horse Learns To Eat: Viral Photo Draws Crowd, Fun Facts About Newborn Horses Are Just As Captivating BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Unfazed By Approaching Tornado, Canadian Man Trims Lawn BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Gyrating Drag Queen At Grade School Show Shocks And Peeves Off Parents — Video [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Melania Trump On June 4: Melania In $2,595 Silk Gown At Ford’s Theatre For Gala Amid Affair Rumors [Photos] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss ‘Judy’ Malware Infects Millions Of Android Users: Over 50 Google Play Store Apps Found With Malicious Codes Technology 5 0 0 June 1, 2017 ‘Judy’ Malware Infects Millions Of Android Users: Over 50 Google Play Store Apps Found With Malicious Codes Erika Miranda The “Judy” malware has infected millions of Android smartphone users all over the globe, a security research firm revealed after uncovering more than 50 apps in Google Play containing codes for the malicious software. According to security researchers and mobile experts at Check Point, an auto-clicking malware dubbed they now call “Judy” may already be the biggest malware campaign found on Google Play. Based on the team’s report posted on May 25, the malware which was discovered to be embedded in 41 Android apps developed by Korean company Kiniwini already has reached millions of Android users in the world. According to them, the malicious apps containing the Judy malware already has a staggering download count between 4.5 million and 18.5 million. According to the report, the firm behind the malware was registered in the Platy Store as ENISTUDIO Corp., the developer for popular cooking games including Chef Judy: Picnic Lunch Maker. Aside from that, the team unearthed more apps on Google Play that may contain the codes for the ad-clicking software that were not developed by the initial perpetrators. The connection between the 41 apps with malware codes in them as well as the ones from other developers remain a mystery. However, Check Point experts have a theory about how they gained access to the malware. “The connection between the two campaigns remains unclear, and it is possible that one borrowed code from the other, knowingly or unknowingly.” [Image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] The team’s research on revealed that the malware acts by infecting a device with a click-generating software that “clicks” on advertisements without the knowledge of the user. This, in turn, generate more revenue for the people behind the Judy malware. From what the team’s research discovered, the oldest of the other Google Play apps with the malicious software was last updated in April 2016 which means that the code has been hidden for quite a while in the Android application store. Fortunately, Google immediately took action after the security research firm submitted their report unveiling the malware and has since removed all apps that may contain its code. Still, security provided to Android users by the Google Bouncer, Play Store’s protection system, can only do as much considering that the culprits behind the malware found a way to pass the screening without getting detected by not adding the malicious part of the code to the software immediately. Speaking to BBC, Open University Networking Senior Lecturer Andrew Smith revealed that after being downloaded, the Judy malware quietly runs a registration of the user’s device to a remote server that responds with the malicious ad-click part of the code. [Image by DaLiu/Thinkstock] While it may sound clever to people who are not well-versed with technical stuff, this delivery “has become commonplace,” according to Smith. “There are many tools available, and the advantage is that the malware distributor can change them remotely, which makes it difficult for anti-malware software to keep up.” The general rule in preventing online junk like the Judy malware to infect one’s devices is to vigilant. Tech Times provided specific tips to prevent similar malicious software from entering your devices. Before downloading any app, make sure to read reviews “for potential red flags” even with ones that are from reputable developers. Also, make sure that your device’s operating system is updated as most OS updates contain security patches for recently discovered threats. Heavy mobile users and Internet enthusiasts are also advised to make use to VPN especially when connected to a public network and make sure that an antivirus software has been installed. When opening up your device to Wi-Fi’s and other unknown networks, make sure to add levels of security codes such as passwords and PIN codes that are strong by making it specific and more personal. Do you have an opinion about the Judy malware? Share it with the comments below. [Featured Image by Ali Kerem Yücel/Thinkstock] Now Read This: ‘Alien Megastructure’ Star Not So Alien: Dimming Due To Giant Ringed Planet, Astronomers Posit Share 5 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Erika Miranda Tags: google, Judy malware, Play Store June 4, 2017 Jeremiah Raber Of ‘Return To Amish’ Says He Won’t Be Supporting Sabrina Anymore, Working On Marriage June 3, 2017 Jon Gosselin Saves Woman From Burning House: What Happened? Comments LATEST HEADLINES Zac Efron Found Love In A Hopeless Place; A Photoshop Affair ‘The White Princess’ Stuns With Devastating Finale [Episode 8 Recap And Review] [Opinion] Is Ariana Grande Getting Married Soon? Pop Star Performs With Beau On June 4 Concert Wearing Engagement Ring Kendall Jenner: Why She’s Refusing To Dump A$ap Rocky Despite Hectic ‘KUWTK’ Career Brad Pitt Ecstatic To Be Single, Happy With Angelina Jolie Divorce — Couple Remain On Good Terms Newborn Horse Learns To Eat: Viral Photo Draws Crowd, Fun Facts About Newborn Horses Are Just As Captivating Portland Protests Update: Demonstrations Turn Violent At Pro-Trump, Alt-Right Rally Liberals Are More Upset About Paris Climate Agreement Than London Terrorist Attack [Opinion] ‘Alien Megastructure’ Star Not So Alien: Dimming Due To Giant Ringed Planet, Astronomers Posit Michael Giacchino, ‘Spider-Man: Homecoming’ Composer, Wrote ‘Rogue One’ Score In Nearly Four Weeks Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories George Clooney Skips Humanitarian Award Ceremony To Be With Amal During The Childbirth 16.7k 0 0 Trump’s 11-Year-Old Son Thought Beheaded Image Was Real 17.4k 0 0 House Ethics Complaints Filed Against Paul Ryan And Devin Nunes For Obstruction Of Justice 6.9k 0 0 James Comey Testimony Could Be Blocked By White House, Raising Talk Of Impeachment 10.3k 0 0 Leah Remini And Kevin James Back Together: ‘King Of Queens’ Carrie Joins ‘Kevin Can Wait’ As Series Regular 8.4k 0 0 Kathy Griffin Breaks Down At Press Conference Over Photo: ‘Donald Trump Ruined My Life, But I Won’t Stop’ 8.4k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
SEO NEWS PPC CONTENT SOCIAL ADVERTISE MORE SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News Most ReadPaid Search PPC Guide Paid Search 101 Digital AdvertisingSEJ Summit Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing YoutubeEntrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedInToolbox Rss Twitter Facebook Follow Us LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Google Plus Pinterest ADVERTISEMENT SEO·Social Media | June 1, 2017 Does Social Media Help SEO? [Final Answer] 1.1K SHARES 2.1K READS Ron Dod Ron Dod 2.1K READS The impact of social media on SEO has, and probably always will be, one of the most talked about topics in the search industry. Specifically, whether social media really helps your SEO efforts. So does it? Short answer: yes. For the longer answer, however, you really should read the rest of this post. Social media doesn’t help SEO in the way many people think it does. Let’s answer this question by digging into some data, evidence from Google employees, and personal insights. Social Media ≠ Ranking Factor First off, in reality, it’s highly unlikely we’ll ever know exactly what’s in Google’s algorithm unless someone works at Google, doesn’t sign an NDA (good luck!), and decides to share that information with us. No shocker here — that isn’t likely to happen. So we’re left to infer based on what Google employees have said and what we have in case studies/data. Google has repeatedly told us that social signals aren’t a direct ranking factor. Let’s start with What Social Signals Do Google & Bing Really Count? by Search Engine Land’s Danny Sullivan. In this article, Google confirmed that links shared on Facebook and Twitter are used as a ranking signal. After this article was published, Matt Cutts, the former head of Google’s webspam team, confirmed that Google used links from Facebook and Twitter as ranking signal. Here’s that video: Fast forward to 2014. Cutts produced another video tackling this question. This time he said that Google treats Facebook and Twitter pages like any other web page for search, but not as a ranking factor. In 2016, Gary Illyes, a Google Webmaster Trends Analyst, was asked if Google takes social into account for SEO. He then retweeted Cutts’ video and said: “the short version is, no, we don’t.” Since Google’s algorithm is so secretly guarded, we have to take these comments at their official word — that social media isn’t a direct ranking factor. But just because Google said that social isn’t a ranking factor doesn’t mean that it doesn’t impact rankings. According to Searchmetrics’ 2016 Rebooting Ranking Factors White Paper: “The correlation between social signals and ranking position is extremely high, and the number of social signals per landing page has remained constant when compared to with the values from last year’s whitepaper. … The top-ranked websites in Google’s rankings displays vastly more social signals than all other pages…. This is primarily due to the overlap between brand websites performing strongly in social networks and being allocated top positions by Google.” I believe the answer to this lies in the second word in that quote — correlation. Cutts hints at the same thing when he says, “It’s correlation, not causation.” We know links are one of the top Google ranking factors. Google has said that social media shares don’t count as individual links. But there most likely is correlation here. If you create good content, it will most likely be popular on social media, and people are probably going to like it and link it to — which does boost your rankings. So is it a surprise that sites with high ranking positions also have high numbers of social signals? It shouldn’t. It makes sense, but that doesn’t mean it is a direct ranking factor. How Social Media Helps SEO Although social media isn’t a direct Google ranking factor, here are four ways social media actually does help your SEO efforts. 1. Potential for Links The more shares on social media you have, the more opportunities people have to see your content and link to it. In this case study, a company achieved over 130,000 Facebook shares to a web page and shot up the rankings for keyword phrases that were competitive. It still ranks #1 (as of this writing) and is a really good example of a good content creation and promotion strategy. Back in 2014, we assumed Facebook shares were a good ranking signal and, therefore, we preached Facebook shares would help rankings. What we were unable to see was that it wasn’t about Facebook shares at all. It was about links that can come from Facebook shares. Here’s an example: The author found the article on Facebook and then decided to link back to it. This shows that having popular content on social media helps to attract potential links. It doesn’t matter whether it’s Twitter, Pinterest, or Facebook. If you make high-quality content that gains traction on social media, you’re more likely to get links from other websites. 2. Build an Audience You can have the best product or service out there, but if people don’t know about it, you can give it up. “Build it and they will come” doesn’t cut it in today’s competitive marketplace. You have to be proactive and reach people where they are. And where are the majority of people? Social media. In fact, Facebook has nearly 2 billion users. With the number of people on social media, its worldwide reach, and its ease of sharing, social media is a great way to build your web presence and quickly build an audience. If you want to be found among the millions of sites on the web (and the 571 new websites being created each minute), you’re going to have to up your social game. We also know that click-through rates can impact search engine rankings. Social media marketing helps build brand awareness and an audience, which increases the likelihood that people will click on your brand’s content in Google’s search results. Here’s a good example, a search for [three most important google ranking factors]: Since I know that Search Engine Journal is one of the most trusted voices in search engine marketing, I’m more likely to click on their organic listings than any of the others. Think about it from your own experience — if you were to Google “men’s running shoes”, wouldn’t you be more likely to click on Nike, as opposed to randomshoecompany.com? You might not want to admit it, but yes, consumers are more likely to turn to companies they know and trust. The bigger your brand is and the more consumers trust you, the more likely you are to receive a larger share of clicks in Google. Social media can be a great and efficient way to help you build your brand and get in front of people who wouldn’t have otherwise found you. Once you start getting more of the share of clicks in Google from your expanded audience, the higher you will start to rank. 3. Branded Searches When consumers Google your brand name plus a keyword phrase, it can help you rank for similar keyword phrases. An example of this would be if you have a horde of consumers searching “[Your Brand Name] Jeans” and they interact positively with your content, Google would think that since your web page ranks well for “[Your Brand Name] Jeans”, it would also be a good result for “Jeans” and place you higher for the keyword phrase “Jeans”. In a quick analysis of a fashion website we did earlier this year, the site, FashionNova, rose from nothing to 88,000 keywords (in SEMrush) over the course of a year. We discovered that the only positive SEO ranking factors it had over everyone else were that its bounce rate was much lower than other sites, according to Alexa, and they had 6.3 million Instagram followers. Instagram doesn’t have the best linking procedure, so what happened was hundreds of thousands of consumers each month were searching Google for things like “Fashion Nova Jeans” and other related keyword phrases. This enabled Google to understand more of what consumers wanted when they searched particular phrases. If consumers interacted positively with the Fashionnova.com web page — which ranks for “Fashion Nova Jeans” — then, over the course of 100,000 search queries a month for the keyword phrase “Fashion Nova Jeans”, you might imagine Google would eventually have thought perhaps that particular web page would be good for the keyword phrase “Jeans” as well. 4. Helps Promotion Although this article has focused mostly on Facebook and Twitter, we can’t forget YouTube. YouTube is actually the second most-searched search engine. However, most of the YouTube search queries have low commercial-intent, whereas Google brings in all the converting customers. But you can still use YouTube to positively influence your SEO performance. You can create videos to promote your content or brand, which can lead to links, and your videos can potentially rank organically in the SERPs. A good example is a company which blends random items and made a website out of their YouTube videos once they realized YouTube videos hosted on YouTube provide no real SEO value. You can use this example, and other social media platforms, to promote your content to your audience and be able to acquire high-quality backlinks. There are a few dependencies though: Your audience must be on social media. Your audience must care about your content. This is why B2B is a pretty hard sell when doing social media marketing in order to help SEO. Engagement is challenging for most B2B companies. Generally, people using social media aren’t thinking about work. They’re thinking about their interests and hobbies. So if you can take a different approach (perhaps creating humorous content or something outside of your service offering), you just might get better engagement. Conclusion Will Google ever include more social media signals in its ranking algorithm? Maybe, maybe not. Regardless of what the future holds, it’s clear that social media can, in fact, help your SEO efforts. Social media offers many long-term benefits. Even if social media isn’t a direct Google ranking factor, it is one of the best ways to promote content and be found online. Which is, ultimately, what SEO is all about. Image Credits Featured Image: Pixabay Screenshots by Ronald Dod. Taken April 2017. ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts Social Media News from June 2015: This Month in Social Media 25 Social Media Facts For The End of 2015 10 Social Media Updates from April 2016 ADVERTISEMENT Ron Dod CEO at Visiture Ronald Dod is the Co-founder and Owner of Visiture, an eCommerce Search Marketing Agency that focuses on Search Engine Optimization, ... [Read full bio] Advertisement Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Partner Stories How to Discover & Take Advantage of Hidden Ranks Search Podcast How AI and Machine Learning Affect the Future of Online Marketing Ebooks The Beginner’s Guide to SEO Is Your PPC Agency Wasting Your Budget? Advertisement Advertisement Home Jobs About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Twitter Facebook Linkedin Instagram Youtube Google Pinterest Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Follow Us SEO ALL SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News ALL NEWS Most Read Paid search PPC Guide All Paid Search Paid Search 101 Digital Advertising Content Marketing All Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing Youtube Social media All Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Entrepreneur All Entrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management SEJ SUMMIT Advertise Toolbox
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Technology > Emerging Technologies > Is Apple Readying Speaker to Rival Google, Amazon? Is Apple Readying Speaker to Rival Google, Amazon? Jun 1, 2017 Bloomberg | IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Apple has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, and could debut it as soon as its annual developer conference this month. The new Apple headquarters is operational, but construction likely won’t be finished until near the end of this year. Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Advertisement Apple Inc. is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” could be on your nightstand or kitchen counter. Apple has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple could debut the speaker as soon as its annual developer conference this month, but the device will not be ready to ship until later in the year, the people said.  The device will differ from Amazon.com Inc.’s Echo and Alphabet Inc.’s Google Home speakers by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with Apple’s product lineup, said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss products that aren’t yet public. Introducing a speaker would serve two main purposes: providing a hub to automate appliances and lights via Apple’s HomeKit system, and establishing a bulwark inside the home to lock customers more tightly into Apple’s network of services. That would help combat the competitive threat from Google’s and Amazon’s connected speakers: the Home and Echo mostly don’t support services from Apple. Without compatible hardware, users may be more likely to opt for the Echo or Home, and therefore use streaming music offerings such as Spotify, Amazon Prime Music or Google Play rather than Apple Music. Popular Now The Future of Work Preparing for Manufacturing’s Future with Industry 4.0 How to Set Up a Lean Factory That Works, Part 1 “This will be a platform for developing Apple’s services,” said Gene Munster, a co-founder of Loup Ventures and former Apple analyst. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller declined to comment. CEO Tim Cook has emphasized Apple’s services businesses over the past 18 months as iPhone sales slowed. He expects service revenue to double by 2020 from last year’s $24 billion. A speaker may help keep customers loyal to service products such as Apple Music, a subscription music streaming offering that costs $10 per month. The speaker would likely be tucked into Apple’s “Other Products” category, which currently includes devices like the Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods. That set of products generated $11 billion in sales last year. Inventec Corp., the Taipei manufacturer that already makes the AirPod wireless headphones, will add the speaker to its Apple repertoire, the people said. Apple employees have been secretly testing the device in their homes for several months, they said. The Siri speaker reached an advanced prototype stage late last year, Bloomberg News reported at the time. An Inventec representative didn’t respond to a request for comment outside normal business hours in Taiwan. This year’s developers conference will be the first since 2013 to introduce new hardware. Apple could announce updated iPad tablets at the conference, one of the people said. Apple last updated the 9.7-inch iPad Pro in March 2016 and hasn’t refreshed the larger 12.9-inch model since its November 2015 debut. Planned Mac updates will include refreshed versions of the MacBook and MacBook Pro with faster Intel Corp. processors, Bloomberg News reported earlier this month. Apple hopes that more advanced acoustics technology will give the speaker an edge over competitors, according to people with knowledge of the product’s development. Along with generating virtual surround sound, the speakers being tested are louder and reproduce sound more crisply than rival offerings, the people said. Apple has also considered including sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels during use, one of the people said. Love tech? Keep up with the manufacturing technology world with the M&T Newsletter, in your inbox every Friday morning Apple will also likely let third-party services build products for the speaker. Last year, Apple opened up Siri on the iPhone to the likes of Uber Technologies Inc. and Facebook Inc., allowing a user to order a ride or send a WhatsApp message with a voice command. The device will be a hub for Apple’s HomeKit home automation system, letting users control devices such as lights, door locks and window blinds. At present, an Apple TV or iPad is required to control that equipment from outside the home or automatically. The Echo and Google Home both support third-party services and smart home appliances. Ahead of Apple’s launch, the competition has upgraded their speakers with support for making voice calls, while Amazon’s gained a touchscreen. Apple’s speaker won’t include such a screen, according to people who have seen the product. An Apple-designed speaker with high-end sound quality that fits perfectly into the Apple ecosystem is a familiar pitch. In 2006, Apple unveiled the iPod Hi-Fi, a battery powered speaker designed to cast a shadow over the thriving iPod third-party accessory market. With its bulky size and high price point, the Hi-Fi flopped and was discontinued within 18 months of launching. With Siri and a clear hole in its ecosystem, Apple is banking that its second try at a speaker product will do better. By Mark Gurman and Alex Webb Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Google’s Robot Rivals Are Thriving as Search Giant Sells Google Car Project Loses Leaders, Advantage as Rivals Gain Facebook Rival Google+ Opens Up to Businesses, Brands Amazon Launches Cloud Personal Assistant Speaker Google Counters Apple with Nexus Phones, New Tablet Technology Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Toyota Sells Stake in Tesla Coming Full Circle: Four Ways to Fully Capitalize on Circular Supply Chains Germany Finds Emission-cheating Gear on 24,000 Audis in Europe Slower Hiring, Unemployment Drop Give Mixed U.S. Labor Signs Honeywell Faces EU Antitrust Complaint for Car Coolant The Harry Potter Problem: Define the Why to Succeed With Your Machine Learning Project More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week May 30, 2017 News Skilled Worker Shortage Toyota Kentucky Tackles a Tool-and-Die Worker Shortage 6 Wally Palen saw a spate of retirements coming, and knew he had to plan ahead or end up in hot water....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek The Tech Column: The Future of 3-D Printing How to Set Up a Lean Factory That Works, Part 1 Electric Cars Soon Will Cost Less Than Gasoline Autos, Research Shows Preparing for Manufacturing’s Future with Industry 4.0 Toyota Kentucky Tackles a Tool-and-Die Worker Shortage IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Solving Your Top 5 Manufacturing Issues -- with Data Navigating the World of Regulation and Compliance How To Power Smarter Growth Through Spatial Insights Analytics-Based Sales: The New Era of B2B Growth View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers 5 Ways Cloud-Based ERP Makes Reshoring Easier and More Profitable Top 10 OSHA Violations and How to Avoid Them Manufacturers Weigh In On Key Issues Report: 2017 Manufacturing Communications Survey Overcoming The Growing Complexity of Support More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Home News Jobs in Nigeria Politics Metro Sport Entertainment Music Opinion Education Health Interview Daily Post Ghana Home News Politics Metro Entertainment Sport Music Jobs Home » News » Biafra Day sit-at-home declaration tops Google search – Google Spokesperson Biafra Day sit-at-home declaration tops Google search – Google Spokesperson By John Owen Nwachukwu on June 1, 2017 The sit-at-home order made by the Independent People of Biafra and the Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra, dominated Google search during the week. Nigerians took to Google to know more about Biafra and the history of democracy in Africa’s most populous nation. Google’s Spokesman, Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade made the announcement in Lagos on Thursday. Kola-Ogunlade, who is Google’s Communications and Public Affairs Manager for Anglophone West Africa, revealed that the searches were apparently to know more about Biafra. States in the South East and some South-south observed a sit-at-home protest on May 30, to commemorate the 50th anniversary since the Civil War ended. According to Kola-Ogunlade, Nigerians searched for Democracy Day, Biafra News, Biafra Day, Tiger Woods, Ernesto Valverde and Paul Pogba in the search engine. The searches commenced on May 25 and ended on May 31. Kola-Ogunlade explained that people searched Google using terms such as “Biafra news today”, “Biafra latest news”, “radio Biafra news” and “radio Biafra.” The spokesman said that Golf superstar, Tiger Woods’ arrest and charge for Driving Under the Influence (DUI) by the police in Florida on May 29 also trended on Google. Biafra: Nnamdi Kanu now new Igbo leader – World Igbo Youth Council backs Ohanaeze He said that the former golf world number one had to deal with a fresh blow as he struggled to resurrect his career. “Nigerians went on Google to search for ‘Tiger Woods net worth’, ‘Tiger Woods arrested’, ‘Tiger Woods news’, ‘DUI’ and ‘Serena Williams’.” The Google chief said that Barcelona FC President, Josep Bartomeu, on May 29 officially confirmed the appointment of Ernesto Valverde as the club’s new head coach, replacing Luis Enrique. Kola-Ogunlade said that sports lovers Googled “Ernesto Valverde profile”, “Barcelona”, “Who is Ernesto Valverde” and “Barcelona new coach.” He also said that Paul Pogba’s visit to Mecca to give thanks for a good season trended on Google. “Paul Pogba visited Islam’s holiest city, Mecca this week to pray and offer his appreciation for a successful season with Manchester United and to mark the beginning of Ramadan. “Nigerians visited Google to search ‘Paul Pogba religion’, ‘Is Paul pogba a Muslim’, ‘Paul Pogba profile’ and ‘Paul Pogba biography’,” Kola-Ogunlade said. You are ‘Olodo Governor’ – Dino Melaye blasts Bello Google Trends launched in May, 2006, allows one to see how popular search terms and their demography have been overtime on the search engine. Biafra: Nnamdi Kanu meets top Igbo leaders behind closed-doors in Enugu Subscribe to our top headlines Newsletter You may also like... Biafra Day celebration: Igbos should ignore IPOB, MASSOB sit-at-home order – Anglican bishop Biafra Day celebration: What Police IG should do — MASSOB Nnamdi Kanu will not back down, Biafra Day to hold May 30 – IPOB Copyright © Daily Post - Nigeria News Advertise Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy-Policy Terms
Home > Google News > Google AdWords > Google AdWords Seller Ratings Takes 12 Months Of Data Google AdWords Seller Ratings Takes 12 Months Of Data Jun 1, 2017 • 7:43 am | (0) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google AdWords Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Google AdWords offers seller ratings for shopping related ads, as well as other ads. These are an automated extension type that showcases advertisers with high ratings. Google will collect seller ratings from reputable sources that aggregate business reviews. This AdWords ad extension shows below the ad and looks like this: Many advertisers who are new ask why they don't see these seller ratings for their sites. Well, it normally takes at least 12 months of data aggregation for Google to start showing these ratings. Often it also requires at least 150 unique seller reviews over the past 12 months. If you do not have 150 reviews in the past month, you might lose those ratings. The help docs read: For Google Shopping star ratings to appear, typically your business needs at least 150 unique seller reviews, each from the past 12 months. However, we may show ratings for merchants with fewer than 150 reviews if we have sufficient data from other sources to determine an accurate rating. Google was asked this on Twitter: @DennisGriemink Hi Dennis, Google looks at the last 12 months worth of data from various sources when generating seller ratings. (1)— Google AdWords (@adwords) December 6, 2016 Forum discussion at Twitter. This post was scheduled to go live today but was written earlier - I am currently offline today. Previous story: Google: Our Algorithms Share Data With Other Algorithms   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 06/02/2017 09:05 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums LinkedIn to Deprecate its Groups API July, 2017 2017 State of the Internet Trends Report Digital Point Forums casalemedia.com.co is good or bad ads network? POPAds.net IS SCAM (Not paying) Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Google News > Google SEO > SEOs Try To Help Google Rank For Google SEOs Try To Help Google Rank For Google Jun 1, 2017 • 7:52 am | (5) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Most of you know that one of the most searched on words in Google is actually the name [google]. It happens way too often where someone will go to Google and then search for Google to bring up Google. Yes, I know it sounds crazy but I've seen at least two clients do that right in front of my eyes over the years and who knows how many people do it at their desk? In any event, one SEO asked Google's Gary Illyes if he ever got an email from an SEO offering them SEO services specifically aimed at helping Google rank well in Google for [google]. Gary from Google said yes, he has received email offers for such a service. Here is the tweet: @i_praveensharma Yes— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) April 9, 2017 Can you imagine if Google ranked Bing for the term [google]? Yea, one of you are going to point out the search results for [search engine on Google - it has been that way for a while. Anyway, if you want to help Google rank well for that, reach out to Gary. :) As you can see, the keyword density around this post for the term google is way high and I am trying to outrank Google for google on this post. This way, I can sell them a link on this page for them to try to rank #1 for google again in Google. :-P Forum discussion at Twitter. This post was scheduled to go live today but was written earlier - I am currently offline today. Previous story: Google AdWords Seller Ratings Takes 12 Months Of Data   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 06/02/2017 09:05 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums LinkedIn to Deprecate its Groups API July, 2017 2017 State of the Internet Trends Report Digital Point Forums casalemedia.com.co is good or bad ads network? POPAds.net IS SCAM (Not paying) Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Top Information Technology Stocks to Buy in 2017 Here are three ways to profit in the information technology sector this year. Anders Bylund (TMFZahrim) Jun 1, 2017 at 10:26AM Information technology has been a hot topic for decades. The industry has helped many investors build successful retirement portfolios, and will create lots of wealth in the future, too. That being said, it's also a risky sector where investors can walk into a value trap at every turn. It's important to separate the dry chaff from the golden wheat in this market, metaphorically speaking. I'm here to point you in the right direction, with three top information technology stocks offering more rewards than risk right now. Read on to see how Hewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE:HPE), Akamai Technologies (NASDAQ:AKAM), and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) can live up to that promise, each in its own particular way. Image source: Alphabet. A fleet-footed giant Today, you know Alphabet as the parent company of internet search and advertising giant Google. Under that consumer-friendly brand, the company also runs many services aimed directly at corporate customers. Online advertising is the prime example of this, followed by cloud-computing services and advanced machine learning tools. The Google umbrella covers 99% of Alphabet's revenue today, but that's going to change in the long run. Without the "Other Bets" division, there would be no need to wrap the successful Google business in the Alphabet structure. That segment is working on new ideas in fields as diverse as medical research, self-driving cars, and high-speed connectivity services. Come back in 10 years, and chances are that the Alphabet you see will look very different from the online titan you're used to. Alphabet aims to become a cross-sector conglomerate, a sprawling set of loosely connected products and services, where data-driven research is the common denominator that ties the whole group together. That's a winning strategy in the long run. The conglomerate idea frees Alphabet to start from the solid platform of cash and technology that Google built, and then point it in new directions as circumstances allow. Alphabet carries the second-largest market cap on the planet, but still has lots of room for growth over decades to come. I'm in for the long run, and would also be very comfortable with buying Alphabet shares in 2017. A leaner, meaner enterprise computing specialist You can think of Hewlett Packard Enterprise as the business-oriented side of the old Hewlett-Packard empire. The enterprise segment was spun out as a separate business in 2015, leaving HP Inc. to manage consumer products and printers. The two companies are still intertwined in many ways and could stand to put more space between them, but at least investors have the opportunity to focus on one specific aspect of the predecessor company's sprawling operations. From that starting point, Hewlett Packard Enterprise has moved on to refine its strategic plan and double down on profitable growth opportunities within its wheelhouse. The company spun out its low-margin enterprise services operations to merge with Computer Sciences Corporation, creating a new business entity known as DXC Technology. The cratering sales of the software division soon followed, moving out to U.K.-based sector peer Micro Focus in a deal worth $8.8 billion. A leaner, meaner company then turned around to acquire flash-based storage specialist Nimble Storage for $1 billion. The revamped Hewlett Packard Enterprise is a nearly pure play on enterprise services with a small side of financing operations. The company focuses on enterprise-class storage solutions, big-iron server systems, and the consulting services needed to run an HP-powered data center. Going forward, Hewlett Packard Enterprise is trading in nearly half of its annual revenue for a clearer business focus and much wider profit margins. You can buy into this evolving business at bargain-basement prices, coupled with a reasonably generous dividend policy. This is a low-risk pick in the information technology sector now that the corporate makeover has been completed, ideal for investors with little patience for volatility and surprises along the way. Image source: Getty Images. Diving deeper into security services Akamai Technologies runs a global network of content delivery services, based on specialized caching servers installed in connection hubs and data centers around the world. These caches used to speed up downloads of large files such as high-resolution graphics and digital video, and media customers accounted for the lion's share of Akamai's sales. As of 2017, the company is letting smaller rival Limelight Networks take much of the media traffic that used to mean so much, giving Limelight a new lease on life while Akamai turns toward the more profitable security market. The same caching servers can also serve as an effective cure for distributed denial of service (or DDoS) attacks. "Enterprises need solutions capable of defending against massive botnets that are exploiting millions of online devices," said Akamai CEO Tom Leighton in November 2016. "This is an area where Akamai's unique architecture and ongoing investments in global scale and security innovation continue to make a critical difference." Akamai's cloud security sales skyrocketed 44% higher in 2016, showing no signs of slowing down in 2017. Media delivery revenue dropped 10% lower, but the company seems to be comfortable with its new calling. Investors have yet to be convinced, driving share prices 30% lower in the first five months of 2017 while Limelight's investors enjoyed a 15% gain. But Akamai strikes a profit without breaking a sweat, and the security-focused future looks bright. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Anders Bylund owns shares of Alphabet (A shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A and C shares). The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Anders Bylund (TMFZahrim) Anders Bylund is a Foolish Technology and Entertainment Specialist. Where the two markets intersect, you'll find his wheelhouse. He has been an official Fool since 2006 but a jester all his life. Hypoallergenic. Contains six flavors not found in nature. Believes in coyotes and time as an abstract. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. Follow Anders on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Google+. Article Info Jun 1, 2017 at 10:26AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $996.12 up $7.83 (0.79%) Akamai Technologies NASDAQ:AKAM $48.53 up $0.23 (0.48%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $975.60 up $8.65 (0.89%) Hewlett Packard Enterprise NYSE:HPE $17.40 down $0.12 (-0.68%) Read More Here's What's Really Holding Virtual Reality Back NXP Semiconductors NV Pledges Full Support For Google's "Android Things" Platform 3 Growth Stocks That Could Soar More Than Intuitive Surgical Analysts Are Expecting Self-Driving Cars to Be Huge for Alphabet, Inc. Here's Why They're Right Alphabet Rides Advertising Strength to New Highs Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Top Information Technology Stocks to Buy in 2017 @themotleyfool #stocks $GOOGL, $AKAM, $GOOG, $HPE
Tech Search Search VenezuelaThe Airline Standoff in Venezuela is Getting Worse as the Country’s Crisis Deepens aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job trump budgetWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorps Best Companies Apple’s Siri Speaker Could Be Getting Ready for Prime Time Don Reisinger Jun 01, 2017 Apple is working its way towards the smart home, a new report says. The technology giant is currently manufacturing a new smart home hub that would compete with Amazon Echo and Google Home, among others, Bloomberg is reporting, citing sources. The device could be unveiled on Monday at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) event, but likely won't debut until later this year, the report says. Rumors have been swirling for months that suggest Apple is working on a new smart home hub. The device, the rumors have said, would be powered by its virtual personal assistant Siri and would control smart home devices. It might also interact with third-party apps. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter A Siri-based speaker would put Apple (aapl) in direct competition with Amazon's Echo and Echo Show, as well as Google Home. All three devices similarly come with speakers and voice control. Amazon's devices are powered by its virtual personal assistant Alexa. Google Home is powered by its Alexa and Siri alternative Google Assistant. According to Bloomberg's sources, Apple's product would differ from Amazon (amzn) and Google's (googl) products by integrating with other products from the company, including the iPhone and iPad. Apple is also bundling loud speakers in the device in hopes of topping its competitors. However, like its competitors, the speaker would allow users to control smart home gadgets and play music, and would support third-party apps, the Bloomberg sources say. Last month, Apple senior vice president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller criticized current smart home hubs for not having a display, suggesting that if Apple is indeed working on an alternative, it would come with a screen. While Amazon last month unveiled the Echo Show, which has a screen, the Bloomberg sources say the Siri-based speaker won't offer the feature. Apple is holding a keynote to kick off WWDC at 1 p.m. on Monday. The company is expected to focus on software during its address, but as Bloomberg's sources note, the speaker could make an appearance. Several rumors say Apple might also unveil a new iPad at the event. Apple did not respond to a Fortune request for comment. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
E-ALERTS | SUBSCRIBE | LOGIN  Mississippi's Must Reads BILL CRAWFORD: American politics declining into profiteers vs moochers Seraphim Solar seeking workers for Jackson plant Fred Carl goes small with latest venture Sanderson income and sales up for quarter Farmers Alliance takes to road in battle against food deserts MBA foundation promotes education, scholarships Mississippi Business Journal Mississippi Business News NEWS Agribusiness Arts & Entertainment Banking & Finance Dining Economic Development Education Energy Environmental Business Gaming Govt/Politics MORE TOPICS Health Insurance Law & Accounting Manufacturing Money Nonprofit Public/Private Companies Small Business Technology Tourism Transportation Women & Minorities OPINION Cartoons Columns Editorials Letters to Editor Events Best Place to Work BPTW Current winners BPTW digital magazine CEO Awards of Mississippi CEO Awards of Mississippi current winners CEO Awards digital magazine Construction & Architecture C&A Awards Current Winners 50 Leading Business Women 50 Women current winners 50 Women digital magazine Health Care Heroes HCH current winners HCH digital magazine Healthiest Workplaces in Mississippi HWP current winners HWP digital magazine Leaders in Finance LIF current winners LIF digital magazine Leadership in Law Leadership in Law current winners Leadership in Law digital magazine Mississippi’s Administrative Stars Top 50 Under 40 Top 50 current winners Top 50 digital magazine Top in Tech Awards Past Event Winners Lists Book of Lists Business Lists Advertise Digital Checklist Editorial Calendar 2017 Focus Flyers Internet Directory Media Kit Store Article Requests Back Issues Special Publications People Submit Form Newsmakers Digital Editions Weekly E-Editions Magazines and Special Pubs Associated sites Gulf Coast Business Today Hattiesburg Business Today Best of Business Survey Home » OPINION » Columns » TODD SMITH — Google expands ad tracking to measure online success TODD SMITH — Google expands ad tracking to measure online success Posted by: For the MBJ in Columns, MBJ FEATURE, NEWS, OPINION, Technology June 1, 2017 TODD SMITH Next time you see an ad on Google, the company might be able to tell if you went out and bought it in a brick-and-mortar store. A new Google feature can tell when someone who clicked on an ad in search results made a credit or debit card purchase at a corresponding physical store. The tool will give advertisers a better idea of how successful their online ad campaigns are. How does Google know if you bought something at Subway or Aldo? It works with the credit and debit card companies to match up in-store purchases with your online identity. The company has partnerships with companies that account for 70 percent of credit and debit card purchases in the U.S. The credit card companies provide Google with encrypted information about purchases, which Google software then compares to Google profiles of people who viewed relevant ads. Google cannot actually see any of the encrypted data, so it does not have access to identifiable payment information, like the person’s name or what they bought. The matches are tallied up in aggregate to protect privacy. That means Google can tell a restaurant their ads resulted in 1,000 people going there to eat and how much they spent, but not share any personal information about individual diners. For all its futuristic investments like self-driving cars, Internet-beaming balloons and thermostats, Google is still an advertising company. It relies on ad sales for the majority of its revenue. Last quarter, ads made up $21.4 billion of Alphabet’s $24.8 billion in sales. Making the connection between online ads and in-person purchases could be huge for the company, which is competing against companies like Facebook (FB, Tech30) for the same ad buyers. Google is also adding another real-world tool to get more customers into physical stores. It will show information for local stores on YouTube ads, such as hours and driving directions to the nearest store or chain location. In order to know what stores you’re close to, YouTube will rely on information from your location history. The company has been using this feature on Search and Maps since 2014. Google announced the tools at its annual advertising and marketing conference in San Francisco recently. The YouTube feature is well timed. Earlier this year, some advertisers pulled out of YouTube ads after they were shown alongside extremist videos. If the idea of Google tracking real world purchases, even in aggregate, unsettles you, there are ways to opt out. You can log out of your Google Account before using search, or turn off your search history so that it’s not saved. You can also use cash to buy your fast food.. For the local ad information tool, you can turn off your location history. Pinterest Gains Traction With Ad Buyers Pinterest has long been seen as a laggard behind the giant platforms, but it’s slowly gaining traction with one key constituency: ad buyers. After a slow start in advertising, Pinterest has released a slew of new features over the past year – and a newly aggressive agency strategy. Its quick product rollout, coupled with its emphasis on search and scale, has piqued the interest of agency executives. The moves come as Pinterest is reportedly plotting to go public this year — and hit $500 million in revenue. That would put it within striking distance of the far-younger Snap, which is forecast to pull in $770 million in revenue, and a far distance from the likes of Google and Facebook. The knock on Pinterest was that it lacked the scale and return of Google and Facebook, and the shiny newness of Snapchat. But Pinterest has impressed marketers with several analytics, targeting and ad options. Marketers can place a Pinterest conversion tag across their websites, which enables them to track existing users onto Pinterest and better target their ads. Pinterest Lens is a new visual search tool that detects objects in the real world and suggests a list of related items. While brands don’t have the option of surfacing their own products through this feature yet, marketers believe it is only a matter of time before Pinterest starts monetizing lenses this way. According to experts, Pinterest has also been focusing on building deeper relationships with agency partners over the past couple of months, especially in terms of creative collaboration. While Pinterest Lens is not an ad product yet, the Pinterest team has been working with the agency to “hack” the platform for clients. The newfound attentiveness stands in contrast to the old rap on Pinterest that it was stuck between Google and Facebook and lacked sufficiently sophisticated tools. Back in November, several ad buying executives told Digiday they were decidedly cool on the platform. One common complaint last fall: Pinterest’s archaic application programming interface. That no longer seems to be a concern, as the interface has become a lot more simplified and transparent. While Pinterest may be making strides, it should keep an eye out for competition, particularly when it comes to Amazon. Amazon already owns the bottom of the funnel – the people who are on their site or leveraging search have already expressed intent to purchase. Golden Mic | Gregg Allman & Band Branded Southern Rock Rock musician Gregg Allman – who died too young at age 69 – and his famous Allman Brothers Band branded the classic Southern rock genre, set the stage for the jam bands movement and influenced generations of players. Allman’s work and life is entwined with his brother Duane, with whom he founded the Allman Brothers Band in 1969. Two years later, Duane was killed in a motorcycle accident, but the band soldiered on, and reached new peaks with the 1973 album “Brothers and Sisters,” which featured signature songs “Ramblin’ Man” and the instrumental “Jessica.” Still, the band found their greatest success as a live act, performing for massive crowds in the 1970s and – like the Grateful Dead – influencing a future wave of concert-focused jam bands. Throughout their five-decade run – which included a few brief hiatuses – Allman was a constant presence, and his Hammond organ and soulful lead vocals defined their sound as much as his late brother’s limber guitar. Allman’s sound was further showcased through his solo work, which included six albums and the 1987 hit “I’m No Angel.” His last release, 2011’s “Low Country Blues,” entered the Billboard 200 at No. 5 — the highest chart position of his career. Earlier this year, Allman announced he was finishing work on his next album “Southern Blood.” He made many friends and inspired countless followers over the years, and several of them paid respects via social media. Charlie Daniels said Allman “had a feeling for the blues very few ever have,” adding it was “hard to believe that magnificent voice is stilled forever.” The Bonnaroo festival – which sprouted out of the jam band scene Allman helped foster – was quick to respond, as well. “Gregg Allman, thank you for everything. You’re our blue sky, our sunny day, and The Farm will miss you.” Although Allman’s mic has been silenced, his bodacious sound will continue to inspire generations as long as there is Southern and rock! Allman takes a very solid Golden Mic. » Todd Smith is president and chief communications officer of Deane, Smith & Partners, a full-service branding, PR, marketing and advertising firm with offices in Jackson. The firm — based in Nashville, Tenn. — is also affiliated with Mad Genius. Contact him at todd@deanesmithpartners.com, and follow him @spinsurgeon. Business Deane Smith and Partners Mississippi NEWS Todd Smith 2017-06-01 For the MBJ tweet Tagged with: Business Deane Smith and Partners Mississippi NEWS Todd Smith Previous: Bryant appoints Duncan as Eighth Circuit Court District Circuit Judge Next: New Belhaven CFO ready for challenge About For the MBJ More Stories Like This BILL CRAWFORD: American politics declining into profiteers vs moochers June 4, 2017 Mississippi governor seeks several changes in budget process June 2, 2017 Mississippi River mayors: Paris pullout hurts US ag exports June 2, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Government/Politics BILL CRAWFORD: American politics declining into profiteers vs moochers June 4, 2017 Mississippi governor seeks several changes in budget process June 2, 2017 Funding of $67.5 million announced for Army Corps projects in Mississippi May 31, 2017 BOBBY HARRISON: Federal lawsuit takes off where Initiative 42 failed May 31, 2017 Analysis: Rep’s ‘lynch’ remark part of broad cultural battle May 31, 2017 Book Biz JACK WEATHERLY — Mississippi Book Festival spills over in its second year August 25, 2016 BOOK BIZ: Jessica Chambers slaying inspires newest Ace Atkins novel July 21, 2016 JACK WEATHERLY: A British writer cottons to Mississippi, and vice versa June 9, 2016 BOOK BIZ — An arresting memoir about childhood, illness and loneliness March 24, 2016 Book Biz: An Irish story, coming of age in America March 18, 2016 Money BILL CRAWFORD: American politics declining into profiteers vs moochers June 4, 2017 Mississippi governor seeks several changes in budget process June 2, 2017 BILL CRAWFORD — Freddy Joe should not pay taxes until Donny Joe does May 21, 2017 FOCUS ON FINANCIAL PLANNING — Accurate record keeping can help a small business thrive May 19, 2017 Eyeing retirement in Mississippi? Consider carefully May 19, 2017 Leaders in Finance 2016 magazine Independent Insurance Agencies List 2016 list of largest independent insurance agencies operating in Mississippi. Agencies are ranked by number of licensed agents in Mississippi. Mississippi Foundations List 2016 list of the 60 largest foundations in Mississippi, according to data from 2011-2014, the latest figures available as gathered by the Mississippi Association of Grantmakers. Mississippi Business Journal Staff | About MBJ Privacy Policy | Subscriber Agreement Get Reprints & Article Rights Advertise Online & in Print Manage Your Account Manage subscriptions Reset a lost or forgotten password Subscribe to the MBJ now! Subscribe Me Topics Agribusiness Architecture & Engineering Arts & Entertainment Banking & Finance Dining Economic Development Education Energy Environmental Business Gaming Govt/Politics Health Insurance Law & Accounting Manufacturing Money Nonprofit Public/Private Companies Real Estate & Construction Small Business Sports Technology Tourism Transportation Women & Minorities Contact Us Mississippi Business Journal 200 N. Congress Street, Suite 400 Jackson, MS 39201 Main line: (601) 364-1000 Copyright 2017 Mississippi Business Journal            
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path BlueApron ChromeAdBlocking EssentialVsGalaxyS8 ParisClimateDeal HighTechCities Menu Home/ Forward Thinking/ Google Apps, Tools Aim to 'Democratize AI' Google Apps, Tools Aim to 'Democratize AI' By Michael J. Miller May 31, 2017 10 Comments Consumers and developers both will benefit from the latest news from Google I/O. To me, the biggest theme at last week's Google I/O conference was "democratizing AI"—in other words, making AI accessible both to end-users through its use in a variety of Google services, and to developers through new tools, programs, and even hardware designed around Google's TensorFlow AI framework. Google CEO Sundar Pichai started the conference out with a keynote in which he again stressed that the company was moving from a mobile-first to an AI-first approach, similarly to what he said last year. He said Google was "rethinking all our products and applying machine learning and AI to serve user's problems." He said machine learning algorithms already influence the ranking of different results in search, and how Street View now automatically recognizes signs. Other services are getting smarter because of AI, he said, such as how the Google Home now supports multiple users and how Gmail is now rolling out a "smart reply" feature where it automatically suggests responses to emails. To that end, he made a number of announcements of AI products, both for consumers and for developers. Lens, Assistant, and Photo use AI features For end-users, the most visible of these new efforts is Google Lens, a set of vision-based computing capabilities that can understand what you are seeing and take action, both in the Google Assistant and in Google Photos. For instance, he demonstrated how you can take a picture of a flower, and how Google Lens can now identify it. More prosaically, it can take a picture of a username and password for Wi-Fi, and then automatically understand that you want to connect and do that for you. Other examples include taking a picture of the outside of a restaurant and having the software understand what it is, then showing you user reviews and menus. This isn't all completely new, but I can imagine that it will be quite useful—the kind of thing we'll all be using pretty much by rote in a few years. Google says this will be rolling out in a few months. Google Assistant continues to get smarter and will incorporate the Google Lens, though the biggest news on that from is that Assistant is now coming to the iPhone. The popular Google Photos app is also getting a number of other new AI-driven features, including "suggested sharing," where it will automatically select the best pictures and suggest you share them with the people in the photos. Google Photos is also adding a feature that automatically will let you share all or part of your library, so that if you take photos of your kids, they automatically become part of your partner's photo library as well. And it can suggest the best photos for a photo book. AI-First Data Centers and New Development Tools On the internal side, Pichai talked about how the company was "rethinking" its computational architecture to build "AI-first data centers." He said Google uses its current Tensor Processing Units (TPUs) across all its services, from basic search to speech recognition to its AlphaGo competition. I was particularly intrigued by the company's introduction of a new version of its TPU 2.0, which Pichai said was capable of reaching 180 teraflops (180 trillion floating point operations per second) per 4-chip board, or 11.5 petaflops in each "pod" of 64 such boards. These are available to developers as "cloud TPUs" on the Google Cloud Engine now, and the company said it would make 1000 cloud TPUs available to machine learning researchers via its new TensorFlow Research Cloud. This is part of an increasing push on TensorFlow, the company's open source machine learning framework for developers, and the conference had a variety of sessions aimed at getting more developers to use this framework. TensorFlow appears to be the most popular of the machine learning frameworks, but it's only one of a number of choices. (Others include Caffe, which is pushed by Facebook, and MXNet, pushed by Amazon Web Services.) I went to a session on "TensorFlow for Non-Experts" designed to evangelize the framework and the Keras deep learning library, and it was packed. It's fascinating stuff, but not as familiar as the more traditional development tools. All the big companies say they are having trouble finding enough developers with machine learning expertise, so it's no surprise to see all of them pushing their internal frameworks. While the tools to use these are getting better, it's still complicated. Of course, just calling an existing model is much easier, and Google Cloud Platform, as well as Microsoft and AWS, all have a variety of such ML services developers can use. Because developing such services is so hard, Pichai spent a lot of time talking about "AutoML," an approach that has neural nets designing new neural networks. He said Google hopes that AutoML will take an ability that a few PhDs have today and will make it possible for hundreds of thousands of developers to design new neural nets for their particular needs in three to five years. This is part of a larger effort called Google.ai to bring AI to more people, with Pichai talking about a variety of initiatives to using AI to help in health care. He talked about pathology and cancer detection, DNA sequencing, and molecule discovery. Continuing the theme, Dave Burke, head of Android engineering, announced a new version of TensorFlow optimized for mobile called TensorFlow lite. The new library will allow developers to build leaner deep learning models designed to run on Android smartphones, and he talked about how mobile processor designers were working on specific accelerators in their processors or DSPs designed for neural network inferencing and even training. In the developer keynote, Fei Fei Li, a Stanford professor who heads Google's AI research, said she joined Google "to ensure that everyone can leverage AI to stay competitive and solve the problems that matter most to them." She talked a lot about "Democratizing AI," including the various tools Google makes available to developers for specific applications, such as vision, speech, translation, natural language, and video intelligence, as well as making tools for creating your own models, such as TensorFlow, which is easier to use with more high-level APIs. She talked about how developers will now be able to use CPUs, GPUS, or TPUs on the Google Compute Engine. She gave an example of how much of a speed improvement some models have running on TPUs, saying the research implications of this are significant. Echoing Pichai, she touted the new TensorFlow Research Cloud, saying students and Kaggle users should apply to use it; and concluded by saying the firm created its cloud AI team to make AI democratic, to meet you where you are, with Google's most power AI tools, and to share the journey as you put these to use. Back to top Previous : Google Cloud TPUs Part of a Trend Towards AI-Specific Proces... Andreesen and Hoffman at Code: 'We Don't Have Enough Change'... Next : By Michael J. Miller Michael J. Miller's Forward Thinking Blog: forwardthinking.pcmag.com Michael J. Miller is chief information officer at Ziff Brothers Investments, a private investment firm. From 1991 to 2005, Miller was editor-in-chief of PC Magazine, responsible for the editorial direction, quality, and presentation of the world's largest computer publication. No investment advice is offered in this blog. All duties are disclaimed. Miller works separately for a private investment firm which may at any time invest in companies whose products are discussed in this blog, and no disclosure of securities transactions... More » More Stories by Michael Krzanich Says Intel is Not A CPU Company Anymore From AI to drones to autonomous cars, Intel plans to be a big part of every aspect of future tech. More » Clinton: 'Weaponizing the Tech Revolution' Cost Me the Election Former Secretary of State and Democratic Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton took the stage to ta... More » Andreesen and Hoffman at Code: 'We Don't Have Enough Change' The most interesting session at the Code Conference was a discussion among these big names regarding... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Subscribe //Most Popular Articles How to Protect Your Privacy in Windows 10 Essential PH-1 vs. Galaxy S8: Sleek Flagships Face Off 10 Seriously Bizarre PC Designs The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 14 High-Tech Cities You'll Want to Call Home »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan AI experts predict the future: Truck drivers out of jobs by 2027, surgeons by 2053 Hundreds of AI experts predict when their models will beat humans at everything. By Liam Tung | June 1, 2017 -- 13:55 GMT (06:55 PDT) | Topic: Innovation Timelines show 50 percent probability intervals for achieving various AI milestones. Image: Katja Grace et al/Oxford University/Yale University Google has hung up its AlphaGo gloves after trouncing the world's best human Go players, but when will AI beat humans at other tasks, such as writing a best-selling novel or doing surgery? To answer that question, a team of researchers led by Katja Grace of Oxford University's Future of Humanity Institute surveyed several hundred machine-learning experts to get their educated guess. The researchers used the responses to calculate the median number of years it would take for AI to reach key milestones in human capabilities. Teachers may need to be on the alert for machine-written essays by 2026 and truck drivers could be made redundant by 2027, according to the results. Meanwhile, AI will surpass human capabilities in retail by 2031. The experts also predict that AI will be capable of writing a best-seller by 2049, and doing a surgeon's work by 2053. Overall, the respondents believe there is a 50 percent chance that AI beats humans at all tasks in 45 years and will automate all human jobs within 120 years. The researchers invited the views of all 1,634 authors of papers published in 2015 at two of the leading machine-learning conferences, Neural Information Processing Systems and the International Conference on Machine Learning. A total of 352 researchers responded. Interestingly, the researchers predict that AI won't beat the best human Go players until about 2028. As we know, Google beat Korean Go champ, Lee Sedol, in 2016, and just beat Chinese grandmaster Ke Ji. Google is now putting its AlphaGo developers from its DeepMind lab to work on solving bigger challenges to society. But as Grace et al point out in the paper, the machine-learning experts were asked when AI could beat a human at Go on the condition that opponents had played or been trained on the same number of games. "For reference, DeepMind's AlphaGo has probably played a hundred million games of self-play, while Lee Sedol has probably played 50,000," they note. In fact, if the researchers' predictions are right, we're likely to see a two-legged robot beat humans in a 5km road race before AI beats a human Go player on equal terms. The survey also asked the researchers about the likelihood of an AI "intelligence explosion", or the point at which AI becomes better than humans at AI design. As physicist Stephen Hawking explained, if that situation occurs, it could result in "machines whose intelligence exceeds ours by more than ours exceeds that of snails". Specifically, researchers were asked about the chances of an intelligence explosion happening within two years of machines having learned to do every task better and more cheaply than humans. That is, within about 45 years. Respondents overall see it as "possible but improbable", with a median probability of 10 percent. They also see it as likely to have positive outcomes but there is a five percent chance of an "extremely bad" outcome, like human extinction. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Artificial Intelligence ​Apple's WWDC to-do list needs to include a dose of AI Internet of Things Internet of summer things for geeks Apple WWDC 2017: Siri will make or break Apple Innovation Qlik plots course to big data, cloud and 'AI' innovation × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
Skip to content Search For : 17° C Monday 05 June| About Us News Politics Columnists Monday Sam Omatseye Soji Omotunde Emeka Omeihe Femi Macaulay Tuesday Olatunji Dare Olakunle Abimbola Sanya Oni Wednesday Dele Agekameh Tony Marinho Hakeem Baba-Ahmed Thursday Dapo Fafowora Gbenga Omotoso Gbogun gboro Jide Oluwajuyitan Jide Osuntokun Lawal Ogienagbon Friday Femi Abbas Segun Gbadegesin Steve Osuji Olatunji Ololade Louis Odion Saturday Ade Ojeikere Dayo Sobowale Segun Ayobolu Victor Akande Yomi Odunuga UnderTow Sunday Tatalo Alamu Idowu Akinlotan Festus Eriye Tunji Adegboyega Biodun Jeyifo Ropo Sekoni Femi Orebe Lekan Otufodunrin Niyi Osundare Oyinkan Medubi Business Agriculture Aviation Brand week Building & Properties Capital Market CEO e-Business Energy Equities Export Digest Editorial Hardball Opinion Cartoon Sports HEALTH Entertainment Celebrity Magazine Niger Delta Northern Report SouthEast Southwest Crime Diary Family Health Fashion Saturday Magazine Sunday magazine Weekend Treat Worship Education Campus Life Online Special Reader’s Account Menu Advert Rates News Columnists Monday Sam Omatseye Soji Omotunde Emeka Omeihe Femi Macaulay Tuesday Olatunji Dare Olakunle Abimbola Sanya Oni Wednesday Mohammed Harunna Dele Agekameh Tony Marinho Thursday Gbenga Omotoso Lawal Ogienagbon Dapo Fafowora Jide Osuntokun Jide Oluwajuyitan Gbogun gboro Friday Segun Gbadegesin Olatunji Ololade Femi Abbas Louis Odion Steve Osuji Saturday Segun Ayobolu Ade Ojeikere Yomi Odunuga Dayo Sobowale Victor Akande Hannatu Musawa Sunday Tatalo Alamu Idowu Akinlotan Festus Eriye Biodun Jeyifo Ropo Sekoni Femi Orebe Tunji Adegboyega Lekan Otufodunrin Oyinkan Medubi Politics Business e-Business Editorial Hardball Opinion Cartoon Sports HEALTH Entertainment Celebrity Magazine Education Campus Life Law Biafra, Democracy Day dominate Google search Posted By: Agency reporter On: June 1, 2017 In: News Update 1 Nigerians took to Google during the week to know more about Biafra and the history of democracy in Africa’s most populous nation. Google’s Spokesman Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade made the announcement in Lagos on Thursday. Kola-Ogunlade, who is Google’s Communications and Public Affairs Manager for Anglophone West Africa, said the searches were apparently to know more about Biafra. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that some groups observed a sit-at-home protest on May 30, to commemorate the 50th anniversary since the Biafra uprising ended. Kola-Ogunlade said that Nigerians searched for Democracy Day, Biafra News, Biafra Day, Tiger Woods, Ernesto Valverde and Paul Pogba in the search engine. According to him, a group, the Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) has rejected May 29 as Nigeria’s Democracy Day, describing it as fraudulent, unrealistic and escapist. “The group asked the Federal Government to declare June 12 as Democracy Day instead. “May 29 was chosen by the last military regime of Gen. Abdul Salaam Abubakar. “Nigerian researched more on the topic on Google search using the terms: ‘when is democracy day in Nigeria.’ The spokesman said that Nigerians also searched for: “why do we celebrate democracy day in Nigeria. “History of democracy day in Nigeria and democracy day 2017”. The searches commenced on May 25 and ended on May 31. Kola-Ogunlade said there was total shutdown in Nigeria’s South East on May 30, following the Indigenous People of Biafra’s sit-at-home order. He said that the order was to mark the 50th anniversary of the declaration of the defunct Republic of Biafra and also to honour heroes and heroines of the liberation struggle. The Google chief said that the sit-at-home order was totally complied with in the five states in the South East. Kola-Ogunlade explained that people searched Google using terms such as ‘Biafra news today’, ‘Biafra latest news’, ‘radio Biafra news’ and ‘radio Biafra’. The spokesman said that Golf superstar, Tiger Woods’ arrest and charge for Driving Under the Influence (DUI) by the police in Florida on May 29 also trended on Google. He said that the former golf world number one had to deal with a fresh blow as he struggled to resurrect his career. “Nigerians went on Google to search for ‘Tiger Woods net worth’, ‘Tiger Woods arrested’, ‘Tiger Woods news’, ‘DUI’ and ‘Serena Williams’. The Google chief said that Barcelona FC President, Josep Bartomeu, on May 29 officially confirmed the appointment of Ernesto Valverde as the club’s new head coach, replacing Luis Enrique. Kola-Ogunlade said that sports fanatics Googled ‘Ernesto Valverde profile’, ‘Barcelona’, ‘Who is Ernesto Valverde’ and ‘Barcelona new coach.’ He also said that Paul Pogba’s visit to Mecca to give thanks for a good season trended on Google. “Paul Pogba visited Islam’s holiest city, Mecca this week to pray and offer his appreciation for a successful season with Manchester United and to mark the beginning of Ramadan. “Nigerians visited Google to search ‘Paul Pogba religion’, ‘Is Paul pogba a Muslim’, ‘Paul Pogba profile’ and ‘Paul Pogba biography’,” Kola-Ogunlade said. Google Trends launched in May, 2006, allows one to see how popular search terms and their demography have been overtime on the search engine. Do you get a good or bad response from your wife after making love? Discover a great natural solution that changed my story and put an end to weak/premature ejaculation, CLICK HERE TO READ MORE Attention men!!!! 3 fruit you need eat at least once in a day but you neglect,but will help you fight against. Premature ejaculation,weak erection and increase size and length of your blokos take action here Wife confesses: I almost cheated on my Husband because of his small manhood and quick ejaculation until we found this permanent solution that added 3.5inches to his manhood size and now Last 25minutes during sex, no side effects. Click Here for details! My Husband Suffered in Shame for Over 10 Years Until He Used This to Increase His Manhood Size to 5.3 inches permanently and now Last 35 mins in Bed, See the solution Here! Attention MEN! These 3 Foods causes Weak Erection and Chronic Premature Ejaculation, plus See the 2 things My Husband Did to Increase his Manhood to 5.2 inches and Now Last 25 mins, No Side Effects. Click Here for free info! DIABETES Is CURABLE!!! Don't Let It Threaten You! To NORMALIZE Your Blood Sugar In 21 Days For Life, Click Here! Massive Ongoing Recruitment & Cv Submission in Banks; Nigerian Immigration Service Ongoing Massive Recruitment; LG Electronics Cv Submission and More. CLICK HERE! Amazing! Youth CORPER reveals how He make over N800,000 monthly from this PROFITABLE business. CLICK HERE to download free report to start this same business SHOCKING LIFE STORY! After 9 Years Of Suffering From Premature Ejaculation & Small Penis Size, 43 Year Old Man Finally Discovers The Permanent Solution That Mysteriously Jerk His Dead Manhood Back To Life,Increased His Penis To 8.9 Inches Long,And Now Last 27 Minutes During Sex. Click Here! Tags: Abdul Salaam Abubakar Ernesto Valverde Josep Bartomeu News Agency of Nigeria Paul Pogba Serena Williams Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade Tiger Woods RELATED LINKS I’m following Ojukwu’s political footsteps, says Ngige Shock as governor’s name disappears from INEC list CBN to sustain intervention Why Osinbajo is under attack, by Senator Sani 12 arrested after seven killed in London terror attack Kogi West poll: Senator demands probe of judge, Melaye The Spiritual Man Paul Pogba turns to jihadist …the next season in MU will be desasterous for him… News Update 12:25 amI’m following Ojukwu’s political footsteps, says Ngige 12:07 amShock as governor’s name disappears from INEC list 12:06 amCBN to sustain intervention 12:05 amWhy Osinbajo is under attack, by Senator Sani 12:04 am12 arrested after seven killed in London terror attack 12:02 amKogi West poll: Senator demands probe of judge, Melaye 12:01 amLagos APC submits candidates’ list for council polls 12:00 amStakeholders ‘ll determine my successor, says Amosun 12:00 amSupreme Court gets second woman Chief Registrar 12:00 amFIRS introduces six online tax solutions 12:00 amRecruitment: Reps threaten Immigration CG with arrest 12:00 amFed Gov to prosecute purveyors of fake news 12:00 amNo plan to increase fuel price, says Senate panel chair 12:00 amKashamu faults Fayose over call for Buhari’s resignation 12:00 am‘Senate lacks power to review President’s control on Custom CG appointment’ 12:00 amAir Force pleads for more time to probe IDP camp bombing   12:00 amINEC probes 80 for alleged bribery 12:00 amCourt orders AGF, Army, IGP to produce WHO consultant 11:41 pmDing Ning Takes Third Singles Title at ITTF Worlds Championships 9:25 pmIPOB/MASSOB defy rain to hold thanksgiving on Biafra protest Click for more Public Poll Should Vehicle Inspection Officers be banned from highways? Yes No I don't know View Results  Loading ... Sponsored Post My Husband Penis was too Small and Made our Marriage sexless until He used this to Enlarge his Manhood Permanently and Last 25mins in Bed! If you are man between 35 and 65 years of age, then this true life story I would share about my marriage would be helpfu... 3 Ways Doctor Recommend to Naturally Get Stronger Erections, Last 25 Minutes During Sex Tweets by TheNationNews City Beats Kidnappers move Lagos pupils to Niger Delta creek Community laments bad road Suspected tricycle thief held LASIEC partners IPAC to end political violenceShow more Online Special Six things you’ll learn after driving an Audi for a week Five social media mistakes most likely to cost you a job Four health signs you must never ignore Terrorism bane of Africa’s tourism growth – ReportShow more Education NYSC calls for more investment in skills training for youths Sokoto approves N2bn for tuition Education commissioner calls for establishment of more technical colleges Rector, workers clash over fresh recruitmentShow more Business Stanbic IBTC trains clients on employee productivity AIICO partners AutoGenius on ‘Taxify Cover’ Port Harcourt Refinery: A concession gone awry Why we brought Fiat to Nigeria, by WeststarShow more Copyright © 2017, All Rights Reserved.
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Google submits plans for 1m sq ft 'landscraper' London headquarters The Guardian Alex Hern 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL May under fire for track record of ‘broken promises’ Charles called his marriage to Diana a 'Greek tragedy' © Provided by Guardian News A render of Google’s new London headquarters in King’s Cross seen from the east. A render of Google’s new London headquarters in King’s Cross seen from the east. Photograph: HayesDavidson Google has officially submitted plans for its new 1million sq ft (92,000m2) “landscraper” London headquarters, with the intention of beginning construction on the building in 2018. Designed by Bjarke Ingels Group and Heatherwick Studios, the team behind TfL’s New Bus for London and the 2012 Olympic Cauldron, the building will stand 11 storeys tall and stretch parallel to the platforms of London’s King’s Cross railway station. Combined with Google’s current King’s Cross office around the corner, and a third building that the company also plans on moving into in the area, it will form a new campus that will house 7,000 Google employees. Dubbed a “landscraper”, the finished building will be longer than the Shard is tall. Related video: Google Home review - an Amazon Echo killer? (Provided by The Verge) Click to expand Replay Video THE_ART_OF_CURSING THE_ART_OF_CURSING The Verge Chevy Bolt Review TKTKTKTKTK The Verge mechanic-bipdeal mechanic-bipdeal The Verge SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Google Home Review The Verge See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next THE_ART_OF_CURSING The Verge 0:42 Chevy Bolt Review The Verge 7:20 mechanic-bipdeal The Verge 1:37 Nintendo 2DS XL First-Look The Verge 2:15 Microsoft Surface Laptop first look The Verge 4:17 Red iPhone The Verge 0:35 S8 early leaks update The Verge 0:32 VERIZON The Verge 0:37 S8 Verge Update The Verge 0:33 Update: Youtube TV The Verge 0:38 Amazon parental dashboard The Verge 0:37 Uber Tips The Verge 0:44 FACEBOOK F8 TETHER-TENNA The Verge 0:45 Cassini mission The Verge 0:41 TESLA_SUPERCHARGER_STATIONS The Verge 0:42 Smart TV Hacking The Verge 2:41 UP NEXT The Heatherwick-designed building was submitted to Camden council and will be the first to be wholly owned by, and designed specifically for, Google outside the US. Google declined to comment on the cost of the project. © Provided by Guardian News The new HQ will have large open spaces. The new HQ will have large open spaces. Photograph: Google Heatherwick said in a statement: “The area is a fascinating collision of diverse building types and spaces and I can’t help but love this mix of massive railway stations, roads, canals and other infrastructure all layered up into the most connected point in London.” He added: “Influenced by these surroundings, we have treated this new building for Google like a piece of infrastructure too, made from a family of interchangeable elements which ensure that the building and its workspace will stay flexible for years to come.” © Provided by Guardian News The building is located in the middle of a major redevelopment of the area by the Regent’s canal. The building is located in the middle of a major redevelopment of the area by the Regent’s canal. Photograph: Google Google’s Joe Borrett, the company’s head of real estate and construction, said: “We are excited to be able to bring our London Googlers together in one campus, with a new purpose-built building that we’ve developed from the ground up. Our offices and facilities play a key part in shaping the Google culture, which is one of the reasons we are known for being among the best places to work in the industry.” © Provided by Guardian News Google’s new offices (left) as seen from outside the King's Cross train station. Google’s new offices as seen from outside the King’s Cross train station. Photograph: Google The company’s decision to stick with its plans for the HQ was widely seen as a vote of confidence in the British economy following the decision to leave the EU in June 2016. In a speech in Google’s London office last November, chief executive Sundar Pichai said: “Here in the UK, it’s clear to me that computer science has a great future with the talent, educational institutions, and passion for innovation we see all around us. We are committed to the UK and excited to continue our investment in our new King’s Cross campus.” © Provided by Guardian News The new building will be 11 storeys high. The new building will be 11 storeys high. Photograph: Google Originally, the company’s plans had called for a luxury office, complete with a rooftop running track, indoor swimming pool and climbing wall – and saddled with an estimated £1bn price tag. But Google rejected those plans, put together by London-based architects AHMM, in 2015 for being “too boring”, and brought Heatherwick on board instead. Gallery: Take a look round Apple's incredible Battersea power station HQ (Provided by Business Insider) Apple's new London headquarters is part of a $17 billion megadevelopment — take a look inside Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from The Guardian Chelsea’s Eden Hazard: I would consider Real Madrid offer The Guardian London attack: one Canadian and one French citizen among those killed The Guardian Liverpool close to agreeing £35m deal for Roma winger Mohamed Salah The Guardian The Guardian View the Full Site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Menu About Contact More Menu 1 Menu 2 Menu 3 Menu 4 Menu twitter facebook google rss linkedin dribbble pinterest Menu Home About Nigeria Decides Sports Entertainment Music Lifestyle Fashion Metro World Update Opinion Videos Latest Nigeria News Latest News in Nigeria World Update Nigerians in Diaspora Search Home » Latest News in Nigeria » Google Trends: Biafra, Democracy Day Dominate Search Engine Google Trends: Biafra, Democracy Day Dominate Search Engine 3:19 PM 0 Latest News in Nigeria A+ A- Print Email Nigerians took to Google during the week to know more about Biafra and the history of democracy in Africa’s most populous nation. Google’s Spokesman Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade made the announcement in Lagos on Thursday. Kola-Ogunlade, who is Google’s Communications and Public Affairs Manager for Anglophone West Africa, said the searches were apparently to know more about Biafra. Some groups observed a sit-at-home protest on May 30, to commemorate the 50th anniversary since the Biafra uprising ended. Kola-Ogunlade said that Nigerians searched for Democracy Day, Biafra News, Biafra Day, Tiger Woods, Ernesto Valverde and Paul Pogba in the search engine. According to him, a group, the Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) has rejected May 29 as Nigeria’s Democracy Day, describing it as fraudulent, unrealistic and escapist. “The group asked the Federal Government to declare June 12 as Democracy Day instead. “May 29 was chosen by the last military regime of Gen. Abdulsalam Abubakar. “Nigerian researched more on the topic on Google search using the terms: ‘when is democracy day in Nigeria.’ The spokesman said that Nigerians also searched for: “why do we celebrate democracy day in Nigeria. “History of democracy day in Nigeria and democracy day 2017”. The searches commenced on May 25 and ended on May 31. Kola-Ogunlade said there was total shutdown in Nigeria’s South East on May 30, following the Indigenous People of Biafra’s sit-at-home order. He said that the order was to mark the 50th anniversary of the declaration of the defunct Republic of Biafra and also to honour heroes and heroines of the liberation struggle. The Google chief said that the sit-at-home order was totally complied with in the five states in the South East. Kola-Ogunlade explained that people searched Google using terms such as ‘Biafra news today’, ‘Biafra latest news’, ‘radio Biafra news’ and ‘radio Biafra’. The spokesman said that Golf superstar, Tiger Woods’ arrest and charge for Driving Under the Influence (DUI) by the police in Florida on May 29 also trended on Google. He said that the former golf world number one had to deal with a fresh blow as he struggled to resurrect his career. “Nigerians went on Google to search for ‘Tiger Woods net worth’, ‘Tiger Woods arrested’, ‘Tiger Woods news’, ‘DUI’ and ‘Serena Williams’. The Google chief said that Barcelona FC President, Josep Bartomeu, on May 29 officially confirmed the appointment of Ernesto Valverde as the club’s new head coach, replacing Luis Enrique. Kola-Ogunlade said that sports fanatics Googled ‘Ernesto Valverde profile’, ‘Barcelona’, ‘Who is Ernesto Valverde’ and ‘Barcelona new coach.’ He also said that Paul Pogba’s visit to Mecca to give thanks for a good season trended on Google. “Paul Pogba visited Islam’s holiest city, Mecca this week to pray and offer his appreciation for a successful season with Manchester United and to mark the beginning of Ramadan. “Nigerians visited Google to search ‘Paul Pogba religion’, ‘Is Paul Pogba a Muslim’, ‘Paul Pogba profile’ and ‘Paul Pogba biography’,” Kola-Ogunlade said. Google Trends launched in May, 2006, allows one to see how popular search terms and their demography have been overtime on the search engine. Share to: Next Newer Post Previous Older Post Post a Comment Default Disqus nigerianeye 218168578325095 Nigeria News Comments are Moderated. Clean Comments will be swiftly approved. No swear words, no racism, allowed. Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) How would you rate President Buhari’s performance, two years after? Vote here Popular nigeria news Comments Archive   xzb Looking for nigerian newspapers online, Visit NigerianEye, Your Online nigeria newspaper for nigeria news today, check nigeria news online at NigerianEye.com, for summary of nigerian newspapers today nollywood news today, Sports News and More Nigeria News Today. Your online Nigerian Newspaper © 2013. All Rights Reserved. Powered by Blogger Top
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Google first cloud provider to offer Intel Skylake processors Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Who does your customer want to speak to? Helen Mirren, Tom Hardy and Ewan McGregor top the bill UFC grapples with virtual reality in Samsung tie-up The rise of online learning – the cure to the UK’s digital skills gap? UFC grapples with virtual reality in Samsung tie-up Qualcomm patent issued for ‘The Internet of Shoes’ From AI to VR, the biggest announcements from Google IO Intel goes for the X-factor with 18-core i9 CPU Ocado taps Kubernetes to deliver open source software for smart factories SoftBank bets on AI with $4bn stake in Nvidia It’s time to invent a bold new future for the UK 5G – A building block for the smarter city IoT 2.0 – making connected technology more valuable ServiceNow CIO: Automation, Automation, Automation The rise of autonomous agents in the most unusual of places Bluewolf taps Einstein & Watson to bring AI to telecoms Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Adobe Document Cloud adds Scan & Sign The Great OpenStack Delusion – how open source cloud infrastructure can overcome a crisis Google first cloud provider to offer Intel Skylake processors Adobe Document Cloud adds Scan & Sign The Great OpenStack Delusion – how open source cloud infrastructure can overcome a crisis Cloud-native app development proves its value but barriers hinder adoption The Great OpenStack Delusion – how open source cloud infrastructure can overcome a crisis Red Hat CEO on being an open source zealot Cloud-native app development proves its value but barriers hinder adoption Adobe Document Cloud adds Scan & Sign Salesforce to invest $50m in cloud consulting startups Cloud-native app development proves its value but barriers hinder adoption Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business OneLogin data breach: Encrypted info at risk following hack on password manager UK General Election hacked – 80% think it could happen UK data breach fines double to £3.2m as GDPR looms on the horizon UK data breach fines double to £3.2m as GDPR looms on the horizon IBM, Cisco team up to fight cyber crime across networks and cloud Cybersecurity insurance: Almost one third of UK firms have NO protection UK data breach fines double to £3.2m as GDPR looms on the horizon IBM, Cisco team up to fight cyber crime across networks and cloud Cybersecurity insurance: Almost one third of UK firms have NO protection UK General Election hacked – 80% think it could happen UK data breach fines double to £3.2m as GDPR looms on the horizon IBM, Cisco team up to fight cyber crime across networks and cloud Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops 5G – A building block for the smarter city London tube maps connected future with TfL 4G plans UFC grapples with virtual reality in Samsung tie-up Samsung bixby patent hints at smartspeaker to rival Amazon and Google Best browser for Android Best Keyboard for Android Samsung in the market for more software & services acquisitions Spotify acquires AI startup to compete with Apple Music Uber Freight starts its long haul journey 5G – A building block for the smarter city London tube maps connected future with TfL 4G plans Cisco axes over 1,000 jobs as stocks fall and revenue slides HP laptops could have been keylogging since 2015 Microsoft Windows 10 updates to be released twice yearly 5 ways to adapt your mobile security strategy for IoT Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Ocado taps Kubernetes to deliver open source software for smart factories Capita data centre outage knocks out multiple services Rackspace appoints Joe Eazor as new CEO Nvidia gives hyperscale data centres a starter recipe for AI Cloud adoption Capita data centre outage knocks out multiple services Europe’s major data centres boost Q1 2017 colo take-up by 27% The big data centre rip off: Majority of cooling equipment not effective Schneider Electric targets IoT and edge apps with micro data centre Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Accelerated computing in data centre driven by AI, says Nvidia Huawei & Global Switch drive O&M efficiency with new modular data centres plan Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Big Data Analytics Using Data Gravity to Accelerate your Business The rise of autonomous agents in the most unusual of places ICC Champions Trophy: Intel heads to the crease with IoT cricket bat Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation HPE sales, revenues, profits decline – but it’s all part of the plan, says CEO Meg Whitman Intel’s Thunderbolt 3-for-all adds USB-C to all CPUs How Veeam is targeting a seamless digital life experience ServiceNow CIO: Automation, Automation, Automation HPE sales, revenues, profits decline – but it’s all part of the plan, says CEO Meg Whitman VMware Q1 financial results beat analyst expectations HPE sales, revenues, profits decline – but it’s all part of the plan, says CEO Meg Whitman Intel goes for the X-factor with 18-core i9 CPU Financial Services legacy systems threaten to undermine fight against cyber crime Google targets enterprise with Chrome bundle for IT admins AI, VR and blockchain to factor in the future of applications CIO Survey: Global uncertainty fuels new breed of digital innovators Cisco Enterprise Agreement revolutionises software licensing How technology can tackle the productivity deficit Rackspace expands in app management portfolio with TriCore acquisition AI, VR and blockchain to factor in the future of applications VMware brings DaaS to Microsoft Azure with Horizon Cloud Why security should be the cornerstone of hyperconvergence Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers English French What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Salesforce to invest $50m in cloud consulting startups VMware Q1 financial results beat analyst expectations CloudPublic Back to Home Google first cloud provider to offer Intel Skylake processors Increase / Decrease text size Hannah Williams   - Reporter 1st June 2017 Add to favorites Google Cloud has updated its Compute Engine with virtual machine instances, making it the first cloud provider to offer Intel’s Skylake. Google Cloud has become the first major cloud provider to offer Virtual machine instances using Intel’s Skylake processors. The Skylake Xeon processors, which are now generally available, include up to 64 vCPUs and 455GB of RAM supporting a range of compute-intensive workloads, data analytics and engineering simulations. Google Cloud revealed that the customer demand for Intel’s Skylake has increased and since its launch for the Compute Engine in February, customers have run several hours of compute Skylake VMs. According to Google, the new general availability release enables customers to create new VMs with Skylake across all the VM instance types in Compute Engine. This includes standard, highmen, highcpu, Custom Machine types and Preemptible VMs. Read more: Google Cloud boosts machine learning portfolio with Nvidia GPUs The decision to begin offering virtual machine instances using Intel’s processors is a smart move made by Google to compete against its rival cloud providers such as AWS, which announced a set of Skylake-powered C5 instances for its Elastic Compute Cloud in 2016 but are still yet to launch. The Google Cloud Platform also released several updates to its Compute Engine to allow developers to easily select their preferred CPU platform for VMs within a particular Google Cloud region, whilst also being able to choose the suited CPU features. Developers were previously restricted with the amount of RAM space per vCPU they were entitled to, but Google has now extended the memory and removed the restrictions to up memory space to a maximum of 455GB per VM instance. This helps Google offer a wider memory space to user applications that may benefit from flexible memory configurations for better performance. Google Cloud has made Skylake available in three of its regions, Western US, Western Europe and Eastern Asia Pacific with general availability across every region at no extra cost for a limited time.     Tags Google Cloud Platform Intel Processors Previous Article5G – A building block for the smarter city Next ArticleOneLogin data breach: Encrypted info at risk following hack on password manager Most read Bluewolf taps Einstein & Watson to bring AI to telecoms Ellie Burns 1st June 2017 UK General Election hacked – 80% think it could happen Ellie Burns 1st June 2017 Cisco Enterprise Agreement revolutionises software licensing James Nunns 31st May 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel Le stockage de demain By Kaminario Overcome the Attacker Advantage with McAfee Endpoint Security By Intel Editor’s Pick OneLogin data breach: Encrypted info at risk following hack on password manager Ellie Burns 1st June 2017 Red Hat CEO on being an open source zealot James Nunns 31st May 2017 IBM, Cisco team up to fight cyber crime across networks and cloud Ellie Burns 31st May 2017 Related News Using Data Gravity to Accelerate your Business Ellie Burns 2nd June 2017 Adobe Document Cloud adds Scan & Sign James Nunns 2nd June 2017 The Great OpenStack Delusion – how open source cloud infrastructure can overcome a crisis James Nunns 2nd June 2017 Latest in 4th Revolution 4th Revolution Qualcomm patent issued for ‘The Internet of Shoes’ Joe Clark 19th May 2017 4th Revolution Report: Automation boosts revenues 15% and creates, not steals, jobs Ellie Burns 10th May 2017 4th Revolution Self driving car push by Intel sees BMW tie-up and Autonomous Driving Garage Joe Clark 4th May 2017 Latest in Analysis The CEO’s Guide to Data Security – Protect your data through innovation Ellie Burns 3rd May 2017 Why a 3D David Attenborough points to a Planet Earth driven by virtual customer experience Ellie Burns 20th April 2017 Exploring Antarctica with Eugene Kaspersky: From art and penguins, to the Glaciator robot Ellie Burns 18th April 2017 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR Top 30 Under 30 in Cloud 1 month ago ServiceNow CIO: Automation, Automation, Automation 3 days ago Using Data Gravity to Accelerate your Business 3 days ago Paris Climate Agreement: US Tech stands united against Trump 3 days ago Adobe Document Cloud adds Scan & Sign 3 days ago The Great OpenStack Delusion – how open source cloud infrastructure can overcome a crisis 3 days ago It’s time to invent a bold new future for the UK 3 days ago The rise of autonomous agents in the most unusual of places 3 days ago HPE sales, revenues, profits decline – but it’s all part of the plan, says CEO Meg Whitman 3 days ago VMware Q1 financial results beat analyst expectations 3 days ago The future of cars and connectivity 3 days ago OneLogin data breach: Encrypted info at risk following hack on password manager 4 days ago Google first cloud provider to offer Intel Skylake processors 4 days ago 5G – A building block for the smarter city 4 days ago Bluewolf taps Einstein & Watson to bring AI to telecoms 4 days ago UK General Election hacked – 80% think it could happen 4 days ago Who does your customer want to speak to? Helen Mirren, Tom Hardy and Ewan McGregor top the bill 4 days ago
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out08:17 GMT +305 June 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Games Area, Pool and Rooftop Gardens: Welcome to Google's Future London HQ CC0 / Pixabay / Tech 17:20 01.06.2017Get short URL 117541 Google is stepping up its London headquarters, with a range of facilities, including a half Olympic-size swimming pool, 200 meter running trail and a sports hall for five-a-side football matches, that the tech giant's employee base will soon be able to enjoy. Google, who will be moving to Kings Cross, London in 2018, have decided to update their plans for the US$1 billion employee pad which will provide a work space for around 4,500 people. Documents show that the Google building will have seven to 11 storeys and will include facilities only seen in a five star hotel. According to an expert, all of this has been done to ensure the health and well-being of staff and to foster the innovation and creativity that defines the organization. A 300 meter long landscaped roof terrace with areas described as "fields" and "gardens" will also be included. The architects have also taken into consideration a place where runners can train and walkers can leisurely enjoy tranquil places for rest and relaxation. There will also be a roof top cafe. A 25 meter swimming pool will form part of a "wellness and fitness center," which will also include a gym, exercise studio and a 32 meter long indoor "multi-use games area" for sports such as basketball, five-a-side football or badminton. Joe Borrett, director of real estate and construction said that the project was an exciting one. "We are excited to be able to bring our London Googlers together in one campus, with a new purpose-built building that we've developed from the ground up," Mr. Borrett said in a recent interview." "Our offices and facilities play a key part in shaping the Google culture, which is one of the reasons we are known for being amongst the best places to work in the industry," he added. One source said that the building is a fascinating collision of diversity and the external mix around the structure of massive railway stations, roads, canals and other infrastructure is brilliant. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 41 Related: Google Ready to Join Projects on Small Business Dev't in Russia - Deputy PM Do Not Pass Go: Human Go Grandmaster Trounced by Google-Developed AI Player Google Spying on Credit Card Spending to See if Ads Work Raises Privacy Concerns Human Go Champion Loses First Game in Series to Google’s Deep Learning AI Tags: well-being, relaxation, office, employees, facilities, fitness, staff, high-tech, technology, health, industry, culture, Google, Europe, Britain, United Kingdom, London TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 07:46Japan Regrets US Withdrawal From Paris Climate Deal 07:25Four Arab States Cut Diplomatic Ties With Qatar 06:47Anti-Russia Sanctions Imposed With Aim to Affect Elections - Rosneft CEO 06:23Russian Airborne Troops Arrive in Belarus to Take Part in Drills 05:59UAE Cuts Relations With Qatar, Supporting Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, EgyptAll news 'A Whole New Aircraft': Russia Launches Production of Upgraded Tu-160 Bomber 14937 This is What May Stop Duterte From Buying Advanced Russian Weaponry 10368 War of Interceptors: China Develops ‘Ultrafast’ Missile Defense, Media Reports 8694 WATCH First Launch of Iskander-M Missiles Outside of Russia (VIDEO) 7227 N Korea Claims US ICBM Interception Test Shows 'Preparation for Nuke War' 7177All news Real Syrian Youth Open Up About Assad Gov't and US-Backed 'Moderate' Rebels 26 'Putin Turned Out to be a More Skilled Strategist Than Brzezinski Ever Was' 26 'West Losing Africa to China' as Beijing Launches Major Logistics Route in Kenya 17 Mattis Says US to Oppose China’s Island Construction in South China Sea 17 How Obama’s State Department Sabotaged Trump Efforts to Calm US-Russia Relations 16All news Recommended News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Help From the Home Front: A Damascus Factory Where Tanks Get a New Lease on Life Trumping the Climate New Russian Weaponry: Support Vehicles Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Look out Alexa! Apple has started manufacturing a Siri-controlled smart speaker to rival Amazon and will unveil it NEXT WEEK The product is believed to be aimed at bringing Apple AI into the home Sources suggest Apple employees have been testing the speaker for months Company has considered including sensors that automatically adjust audio Apple could unveil the speakers at the annual conference, report claims Could be marketed as a 'Siri/AirPlay device' and boast Beats technology By Phoebe Weston For Mailonline Published: 10:13 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 10:19 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail 11 shares 12 View comments Apple has started manufacturing a Siri-controlled smart speaker to rival the Amazon Echo and Google Home, according to a new report. Sources suggest Apple could be unveiling the speakers at the annual developer conference on 5 to 9 June in San Jose, with a public release later in the year. The product is believed to be aimed at bringing Apple AI into the home, but will have a higher price tag that the Amazon range, which begins at $49 (£49) for the Echo Dot. Scroll down for video Sources say Apple could be unveiling the Siri speakers at the annual developer conference on 5 to 9 June with release later in the year.  The speaker would be a key rival to the Amazon Echo (pictured) and Google Home APPLE'S SIRI-DRIVEN SMART SPEAKER The product is believed to be aimed at bringing Apple AI into the home, and will have a higher price tag that the Amazon range, which begins at $49 (£49) for the Echo Dot. The speaker will provide a hub for appliances via Apple's HomeKit system and establish a centre inside the home to lock people in to using other Apple services, according to the report. A speaker might help customers stay loyal to other services such as Apple Music, Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods.  Insiders suggest that Siri's advanced acoustics technology may give it the edge over competitors. The company has considered including sensors that automatically adjust audio levels dependent on the acoustics of a room, insiders said. The speaker will provide a hub inside the home to lock people in to using other Apple services, writes Bloomberg.  It might encourage customers to stay loyal to other services such as Apple Music, Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods. These products generated the company $11 billion (£8.5 billion) last year. Sources suggest Apple employees have already been testing the speaker for months. The firm is known for unveiling new technologies at its Worldwide Developers Conference and this year’s conference might be the first in three years to introduce new hardware. Insiders suggest that Siri's advanced acoustics technology may give it the edge over competitors. The company has considered including sensors that automatically adjust audio levels dependent on the acoustics of a room, insiders said. It is believed a third-party will build products for the speaker.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Drones take to the skies to supply DOUGHNUTS: UAVs team up... Hyperloop inches closer to reality: Full-scale test centre... From hugs to reassuring touches: Chimps and humans console... US Army to test its ROBOTIC convoy: Self-driving military... Share this article Share 11 shares According to 9to5 Mac, KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo calls it 'Apple's first home AI product', and says it will feature 'excellent' sound with seven tweeters and a subwoofer. 'It will be positioned as a more premium product than the Echo…with a higher price tag to match, the site says. According to Mr Kuo, Apple hopes to ship around 10 million of these as-yet-unannounced devices in the first year, and it will be made by Inventec, the same company that made Apple's AirPods.  A leak in April revealed that the Cupertino company is 'currently finalizing' its own smart speaker, which is said to be marketed as a 'Siri/AirPlay device' Sonny Dickson, who is known for sharing inside information in the tech world, said it could also 'carry some form of Beats technology and is expected to run on variant iOS' A leak in April by Sonny Dickson, who is known for sharing inside information in the tech world, revealed the Cupertino company is 'currently finalizing' its smart speaker, which is said to be marketed as a 'Siri/AirPlay device.' It also noted that the Siri-driven device could 'carry some form of Beats technology and is expected to run on variant iOS.'  Mr Dickson also told Mashable that it would have a 'concave top' with the controls, 'Mac Pro style.'  Insiders suggest Siri's advanced acoustics technology may give it the edge over competitors. The company has considered including sensors that automatically adjust audio levels dependent on the acoustics of a room, insiders said (stock image)  Adding AirPlay support to the device would let users 'push music, radio, and podcasts to the Apple hardware over Wi-Fi, which typically offers better quality than Bluetooth,' Apple Insider reported. Apple has yet to make an official announcement regarding their Siri-enabled smart speaker. MailOnline has contacted Apple for comment.   A speaker might help customers stay loyal to services such as Apple Music, Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods, and could be a secret weapon to take on Amazon's Echo (pictured) Read more: Apple Opening Siri, Developing Echo Rival ¿ The Information Apple's Siri-based smart home speaker might be close to completion Apple Stepping Up Plans for Amazon Echo-Style Smart-Home Device - Bloomberg Apple Stepping Up Plans for Amazon Echo-Style Smart-Home Device - Bloomberg Apple 'finalizing' design of Amazon Echo rival based on Siri Apple News on iPhone, iPad and Macbooks | Daily Mail Online KGI: Apple likely to announce ¿home AI¿ Siri Speaker at WWDC, positioned as high-end Amazon Echo competitor | 9to5Mac Share or comment on this article e-mail 11 shares Most watched News videos Graphic footage of London attack victim with serious neck injury Shocking dashcam footage shows people fleeing scene of terror attack Hero Londoners try to save victims of city's latest terror attack Bloodied man led to safety through a cordon of armed police Moment gunshots are heard outside a restaurant in London Bridge Police tell drinkers to 'get down immediately' in London bar Exclusive: Armed police order people to the floor in Barking Horrific moment man randomly hits 90-year-old with cane in NYC Shocking moment woman blocks young boy from brutal crash This cat wants out! Owner argues with cat who wants to go outside Woman heard crying in fear as police evacuate Borough Market Theresa May says 'enough is enough' after London terror attack Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as... 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to... Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror... KATIE HOPKINS: You’re right, Theresa. We cannot go on... Armed police arrest 12 - including four women - at East... 'Stay with me, please, I love you': Bystanders rush to... Trump condemns London Mayor after terror attack:... Harrowing dashcam footage reveals trail of devastation on... Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation... Body of Manchester terror victim Eilidh MacLeod, 14, is... 'He's a soldier': Father-of-three stabbed FOUR times by... Desperate families beg for information on 'missing' loved... ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge... Bystander caught in police crossfire was shot in the head... Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he... Frail man, 90, who was viciously beaten with a cane in a... 'Bit of pain but I'll survive': Australian waitress, 31,... Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am slammed... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 12 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Secrets of the Thirty Years' War soldiers exposed: Mass grave of 47 men who died in battle 400 years ago... Shimmering lights spotted near 'Britain's UFO capital' spark rumours of another extra-terrestrial sighting San Diego's Rose Canyon fault is MORE dangerous than thought and could trigger a massive earthquake that... What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a... 'They were hauling a big creature': New footage reveals what Deputy Sheriff said he saw at Roswell, in UFO... MIT scientists say Trump misrepresented their work and didn't check with them when he said Paris climate... The instantly rechargeable battery that could revolutionize electric cars (and mean you'll never have to sit... The 'kill vehicle' that could blast North Korea's missiles out of the sky: Pentagon fast tracks $260m... Siri set to get supercharged as Apple declares war on Amazon's Alexa US Army reveals Cold War Stinger anti aircraft missile will be used to shoot down DRONES in battle against... Want to buy sexy clothes? It might be in your hormones: Women are more inclined to buy raunchy outfits in... LA train tunnel diggers find fossilised hip bone of giant 1,500 pound sloth that roamed the area 11,000... US Navy reveals mini drone that can scour a beach for mines before Marines land What it's like to fly over Jupiter: Astronomers turn just 36 of NASA'S Juno images into a stunning movie Would YOU ride the world's fastest elevator? Chinese skyscraper visitors hit record-breaking speed of 47 mph MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Daddy's not-so-little girl! Danny DeVito is dwarfed by daughter Lucy as they attend Drama Desk Awards in NYC Huge comedy star  'Do not be afraid': Ariana Grande's heroic mother Joan shares empowering message as she joins fans in the crowd at One Love concert in Manchester  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador She looks like a winner! Nominee Kate Walsh sizzles in a satin dress at Drama Desk Awards in NYC The 49-year-old actress wore a silky ivory top 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Pretty little traveler: Make-up free Lucy Hale is casual chic as she dons pink bomber jacket and ripped denim for flight out of LA Has quit alcohol  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  Game Of Thrones fans MIGHT have to wait until 2019 for final season... as HBO cautions there won't be a spin-off any time soon More teasing delays Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting She's a star in stripes! Laura Linney wears wide bright panel dress as she wins top honor at Drama Desk Awards The 53-year-old actress was a star in stripes  Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Australian actor Hugh Sheridan claims he and Rebel Wilson visited a 'secret apartment' in Disneyland after the actress said she was related to Walt Disney Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Why a grinning monkey may be about to go ape: Primates showing their teeth are actually signalling their intention to bite 31 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Pocket-lint search News Reviews Features Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Moto Z2 Play review: All the mod cons Mike Lowe1 June 2017Phones Pocket-lint 4.0 stars $499 | £TBC For Incredible battery life (even more incredible with a relevant battery Mod), Mods work with minimal fuss and can be genuinely useful, great fingerprint scanner with gesture controls, flagship-level smoothness and operation - including for games Against The OnePlus 5 will likely give it a run for the money, not all Mods fit perfectly and phone looks bizarre without one fitted, why buy into Mods when you could buy separate accessories for any phone? Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Modular phones are in a rather interesting spot. At the end of 2016 Google canned Project Ara, its open-source modular mobile project. In 2017, the latest LG G-series unceremoniously ditched the company's lacklustre "Friends" modules. Motorola, on the other hand, is forging onward with Moto Mods - magnetic clip-on back panel accessories with differing functions that connect with its Z-series smartphones. The latest device to support Mods is the Moto Z2 Play: a 5.5-inch phone with mid-power specification and oodles of battery life wrapped into a slender metal frame, which updates last year's original battery-heavy Z Play. As the apparent last bastion of the modular mobile movement, the Z2 Play is not only the flag-bearer for Moto Mods, but for modular phones as a whole in 2017 and beyond. And with a US price of $499 (we anticipate a similar UK price, around £449 when the device launches in Blighty this July), it's on the right side of affordable to make it an attractive idea. That said, the Z2 Play is invariably pitched against the imminent (and likely more powerful) OnePlus 5. So, is Moto's modular quirk a useful enough feature to warrant its purchase? We've been using the Z2 Play day in, day out for a full week to find out. Moto Z2 Play review: Design Moto Mods compatible 156.2 x 76.2 x 5.99mm (without Mod) Metal design with water-resistance 64GB storage; microSD card slot 3.5mm headphones jack Lunar Grey or Fine Gold finishes If you've ever seen the original Moto Z Play then, well, the Z2 Play looks like business as usual at first glance. It's taken the 5.5-inch footprint of the original - an unavoidable and non-negotiable size, given the Mods need to match the rear panel exactly to fit - and trimmed a full millimetre of thickness from it, making for a lighter, more pocket-friendly device at sub-6mm. Why slimmer? There will be no "standard" Moto Z2, so the Play is left to rule the roost for now. Pocket-lint Look closer, however, and there are notable differences between first- and second-gen models. The Z2 Play has an all-metal frame, including the exposed rear plate (when no Mod is attached), rather than the etched glass rear of the original device. That makes it less slippery to handle, which is an obvious benefit when switching between Mods and not lobbing the phone on the floor. At least, we've managed to not let slip just yet. The other obvious point - which we'll come to in more detail later - is the new fingerprint scanner to the front. It's out with the old square format and in with the new elongated form, just as you'll find on Moto G5 Plus and Moto G5 models (plus, presumably, all future Moto handsets). It looks, feels and functions far better. Pocket-lint When we saw the original Moto Z, we found its appearance more pock-marked than a hormonal teenager. The Z2 Play keeps things neater: there aren't excessive openings for microphones to the front, instead a simple aperture for the speaker sits top and centre, between the discreet front-facing camera and flash. It's not a design that'll stop people in their tracks, like the Samsung Galaxy S8, but it's a tidy looking phone nonetheless. Moto Z2 Play review: Moto Mods New: JBL SoundBoost 2 speaker with kickstand, $80, available at launch New: Style Shells with wireless charging (finishes: wood, fabric, flower digital print), $40, available at launch New: TurboPower Pack (3490mAh, with TurboPower charging speeds), $80, available summer 2017 New: Moto Power Pack (2200mAh), $50, available at launch More Mods coming in the near future, including GamePad For this review we received three Mods: a wooden Moto Style Shell with wireless charge (note, no wireless charging panel is included with either phone or Mod, it's a separate purchase); the JBL SoundBoost 2, which is the second-gen fabric-covered version of the attachable speaker with kickstand; and the Moto TurboPower Pack, an additional 3490mAh capacity for the battery. Pocket-lint Whichever way we look at it, we think Mods are divisive. If you're on board with the idea then we suspect these accessories will be the in-point and very reason to purchase a Z-series. If you're non-plussed about them then, well, there are plenty of other handsets on the market from which to take your pick - and it's easy to buy a separate universal battery pack or speaker at similar prices for any given device. On the upside, however, Moto Mods are the best implementation of modular accessories for any device that we've seen. Pull a Mod from the rear of the Z2 Play, sling a new one into place and - boom - that's it. No buttons, release switches or complicated fitting at all - the phone knows what's connected right off the bat. There's even a dedicated Mods section within the software, available via a swipe down in the notifications shade, to keep a closer eye on things. The future potential of Mods makes for interesting reading, too. We've seen the GamePad, a control-laden cradle for the Z-series, perfect for gaming fans - which will join the existing 10x zoom Hasselblad True Zoom camera and Moto Insta-Share Projector. There's scope for plenty of interesting additions beyond just yet another battery pack - although, right now, various battery forms seem to be Moto's bread and butter releases. It's also worth keeping in mind that you'll pretty much have to buy a Mod when purchasing a Z2, as there isn't one included. Fail to connect one to the rear and, while the phone will function as normal, it looks downright bizarre. With the rear connection pins exposed, the Z2 Play looks like a prototype; an unfinished device crying out for its back panel. Which Mod or Mods you choose needs careful consideration too: the TurboPower Pack is huge, for example, and thus transforms the Z2 Play into a brickphone. Sure, it'll last seemingly forever, which might be the most important thing for your use, but it makes the phone abnormally massive and heavy to be considered as a current flagship contender. Pocket-lint Or all the Mods we settled on the most simple one for the most part: the Moto Style Shell. Finished in wood - different colours and materials, including fabric, will also be available - it makes the phone look, well, kind of normal. The only glitch here is that wood can bend due to heat and moisture, so our pre-release sample doesn't sit perfectly flush with the phone, which is less than ideal. Moto Z2 Play review: Display 5.5in 1920 x 1080 pixel Super AMOLED panel On the display front, the Z2 Play hasn't made any advances over the original Z Play model, opting for a 5.5-inch Full HD AMOLED panel as before. Pocket-lint Not only is that perfectly good in resolution terms in this mid-area market, it's a degree better than what you'll find in many $499 phones thanks to its use of an AMOLED panel. Unlike LCD this technology illuminates per pixel, rather than using a backlight, which is better for power consumption, ensures richer blacks and an even brighter colour palette. Not that the Z2 Play's colour saturation is as audacious as you'll find in, say, the Sony Xperia XZ Premium. Its colours are bright without being overworked, while brightness is ample, although the auto-brightness does seem to prefer a middling position (it avoids going unfathomably dark like some competitor handsets, however, such as Huawei). Pocket-lint There's no ultra-HD resolution to be found here, nor does this screen tick the boxes to cater for mobile HDR content delivery like the flagship LG G6 and Samsung Galaxy S8 models do. Not that we expected that; we think the Z2 Play sits perfectly well in its position as a sub-flagship. Moto Z2 Play review: Fingerprint scanner, gesture control and software Front-positioned fingerprint scanner (plus NFC) One-button Nav for gesture-based controls Android 7.1, Google Assistant included Moto Actions/Display/Voice software additions We've already mentioned the presence of the front-positioned fingerprint scanner, but it warrants further exploration given its capabilities. Pocket-lint The scanner sits in a slight indentation to the bottom of the Z2 Play's front, which is subtle enough to make it look barely noticeable while being easy to locate. It isn't a depressible button, but it does provide haptic (vibrational) feedback that makes it feel like something approaching a real clicky button (much like in Apple's latest iPhones). One of the best things about the scanner is that it offers Moto's One-button Nav control. This mode removes the usual trio of Android soft keys - home, back and recent apps - from the screen, instead offering them as finger-input gestures on the scanner itself. Swipe left to go back; swipe right to open current apps; press to return home (or the lock screen); or press-and-hold to activate Google Assistant. Activating One-button Nav doesn't necessarily make navigating the Z2 Play quicker than using the soft keys, but it does open up more on-screen real estate for content and, given the size of this particular phone, we think makes it easier to use one-handed without needing to reach over the screen. Having used the Moto G5 and G5 Plus in this format for a number of weeks, we've settled into it comfortably. In addition to One-touch Nav as part of Moto Actions within the pre-installed Moto app - which includes physical movements to produce actions; things like "karate chop to activate torch" - there's also Moto Display and Moto Voice found here. The last of these three is essentially Moto's modded route into Google Assistant. So, for example, say "show me the weather" and the Z2 Play will pop-up a window to do just that. There's no need to press anything or say "OK, Google" like you would with Google Assistant. Moto Voice works quite differently to Assistant, however, typically prompting you to open apps via a swipe down rather than automatically opening them (sensible, given the carnage that could otherwise ensue in public). It uses the same format as Moto Display, showing alerts for five seconds full-screen before fading them out, which means there's no visible dialogue window like with Google Assistant. That can be handy if the phone is on the table across the room and you want to make simple requests. But having both Assistant and Voice seems kind of unnecessary. As those three major pillars - Actions, Display and Voice - are contained within the Moto app, which sits front and centre, there's little else that gets in the way of the Z2 Play's Android 7.1 operating system. There is the addition of Mods, of course, but that's the lot. That means everything looks clean and tidy, works 99 per cent like stock Google Android, and will be easy to pick up for newbies and familiar for established Android users. Moto Z2 Play review: Performance, software and battery Snapdragon 626 octa-core processor (2.2Ghz); 4GB RAM 3,000mAh battery, TurboPower charging (via USB-C) Having used the Z2 Play for a week, we thought that Moto had made a mistake informing us it houses a Snapdragon 626 processor - because the phone runs like one that's a flagship, not a mid-ranger by any means. Pocket-lint Flicking around the interface has presented no issues, while games have performed without stutters and pauses - which isn't even something we can say of some current flagship models, such as the Huawei P10 Plus. Load times don't feel long, either, aided by the 4GB RAM on offer. What's perhaps even more impressive is just how long the Z2 Play lasts. Having shaved a full millimetre from its thickness compared to the original device, the second-gen model has, of course, downscaled its battery capacity too. The 3,000mAh cell still sounds reasonable (despite dropping 510mAh compared to the original Z Play), but it still performs much like a 4,000mAh cell from our use. A typical day with the Z2 Play has seen us achieve 15 to 16 hours of use with around 30 to 40 per cent battery remaining when going to bed. And seeing as we've been intermittently playing Candy Crush and Magikarp in among our usual work-related tasks each day, we think that's very good innings indeed. When failing to charge overnight once, we still had 15 per cent battery remaining by lunchtime the next day. Those quotes are when just using the built-in battery. If you're a battery fiend then the addition of Mods can be hugely useful. The TurboPower Pack makes the Z2 Play almost unstoppable, for example. With that attached our device lasted a full working day, before we boarded a trans-Atlantic flight, saw us through the remainder of the second day and then off to bed at 10pm with 47 per cent still in the tank. All-in, that was a 33 hour stint - and we suspect the remainder would have seen us through another eight hours or more before calling it a day. So if battery is your thing then, well, few phones can compete with the longevity of the Z2 Play. That's down to a savvy ensemble of specs - AMOLED, Full HD only, mid-power processor - that work in logical harmony. It doesn't disappoint. Moto Z2 Play review: Cameras 12MP Dual Autofocus Pixel Camera Sensor-based autofocus pixels (more than 3 million) Enhanced laser autofocus (works to 5 metres) 5MP front camera, includes Moto's first Dual CCT flash A new generation means a new camera. The Z2 Play hasn't gone overboard, opting for a single optic with a 12-megapixel sensor at its heart. Pocket-lint However, that sensor has seen a serious upgrade. It includes more than three million autofocus pixels on its surface meaning that, in Professional mode within the camera app, a super-fast autofocus mode will be available. Watch the in-focus points highlight in real-time as green squares on screen, which is nifty, just like a real camera. Problem is, just as we said of the Moto G5 Plus, those more advanced focusing options aren't put to best use. In the standard mode the camera requires the usual tap-the-screen approach, with speed that isn't class leading. It has the same glitch which sees the focus point reset to the centre when adjusting it too. Best advice, therefore, is stick with the Professional mode, as it's just speedier. It also features manual focus, white balance, shutter speed, ISO sensitivity and exposure compensation dials to take full control as you please - or leave them blank to get an automated shooting experience. With an f/1.7 aperture lens plenty of light can reach the sensor too, putting the Z2 Play up there among the flagships. There's no optical stabilisation, however, which can be felt when shooting in low-light scenarios - we needed an extra steady hand when shooting sunset shots to ensure sharp results. As seems typical of Moto, images look great on screen but appear a little over-sharpened when viewing them at full scale on a larger computer monitor. Not terribly so, but a subtler processing would be better. What the Z2 Play does show off is how good this sensor can be. We shot condiment bottles in a dim-lit burger joint and even with ISO 1250 selected (about as high as the camera wants to auto-select) the detail in the walls is commendable, with image noise to a minimum. Sure, there's the typical mottling seen in single colour areas that you'll find in any mobile phone image, but it's still a good result. Pocket-lint Give the Z2 Play's camera even better light and you'll see even better results. The kind of results that see Moto climbing up a peg or two in the camera world. It's not best-in-class still, but it's a solid setup at this level. Verdict If you find Moto Mods enticing then the Z2 Play is a super phone with plenty to offer beyond its quirky unique selling point. If Mods leave you cold given their cost and size implication then, well, we think Moto will be in a great place to deliver an excellent Moto X (rumoured to be in the third quarter of 2017), which might well be the perfect fit. Between now and then, however, we suspect the imminent OnePlus 5 will ask some tough questions.  Ignoring Mods for a moment, however, and it's hard to ignore how well the Z2 Play runs. The subtle design tweaks compared to the previous-gen Play makes for a more slender and tidier appearance, the all-metal material choice makes far more sense than glass, the processor selection sees the software work effortlessly, the One-button Nav gesture control is easy to use, and battery life is hugely impressive. In that regard the Moto Z2 Play really does have all the mod cons, then, eh? There are little to no slip-ups in use, which secure this phone a commendable position in the mid-range market. And if battery life is your all then it ought to be the perfect companion. The alternatives to consider Pocket-lint OnePlus 3T £399 Ok, so it's due to be discontinued around the time the Moto is announced, but OnePlus is the name to watch in the mid-level market. There are no modular features to worry about in this phone, of course, instead it's all about high power for a lower-than-flagship price. And its imminent follow-up, the OnePlus 5, is likely to be the mid-level phone of 2017. Read the full article: OnePlus 3T review Pocket-lint Lenovo P2 £199 If you're looking to go lower budget but want a phone with strong battery performance then the Lenovo P2 - which is similar to the Moto G5 Plus - crams a 5,100mAh battery into its rear for seemingly never-ending battery life. It's not as powerful or smooth to operate as the Moto Z2 Play, but for under £200 it's a steal. Read the full article: Lenovo P2 review Sections Motorola Lenovo Phones Apple WWDC 2017: When is it, where to watch, and what to expect? Samsung made a Pirates of the Caribbean-themed Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy Note 8: What's the story so far? Make your phone battery last longer: Top Huawei P10 and P10 Plus management... Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint Apple WWDC 2017: When is it, where to watch, and what to expect? Samsung made a Pirates of the Caribbean-themed Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy Note 8: What's the story so far? Make your phone battery last longer: Top Huawei P10 and P10 Plus management tips What are Moto Mods? Everything you need to know about the snap-on accessories for Moto Z Moto Z2 Play review: All the mod cons Lenovo unveils Moto Z2 Play phone with four new Moto Mods Moto Z2 Play vs Z Play: What’s the difference? Huawei EMUI 5.1 tips and tricks: How to master the P10 and P10 Plus What is Sky Mobile, how much does it cost and what is roll over data? Apple WWDC 2017: When is it, where to watch, and what to expect? Alphabet’s Waymo moves on from cars, now testing self-driving trucks Samsung made a Pirates of the Caribbean-themed Galaxy S8 Snapchat Spectacles tips and tricks: Get creative with your new specs MSI GT83VR Titan preview: Gaming monster with a roar HP Spectre x360 (2017) preview: 15-incher with supermodel looks Toshiba X97 Series OLED TV preview: High-end TV tech, but at what price? Eve V preview: What makes the crowd-funded Surface Pro rival so special? Nintendo Switch online subscription service delayed until 2018 V-Moda Forza Metallo Wireless review: Jaw-dropping sound from new neckband earphones Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Plotagon Brings Its Award Winning Animation App to Chromebooks Plotagon Education, a popular program among teachers and students worldwide, allows users with no animation skills to create 3D characters and movies. The application, which is already available on PC, Mac and mobile platforms has now been designed to run on Android-compatible Chromebooks. Stockholm, Sweden, June 01, 2017 –(PR.com)– Animation pioneer Plotagon has launched its first Android app optimized for the latest Google Chromebooks, which now dominate the growing K-12 Schools computer market. The application, which is already available on PC, Mac and mobile platforms has now been designed to run on Android-compatible Chromebooks. This brings the Red Dot award winning user experience of creating animation through writing to schools around the world. Plotagon Education, a popular program among teachers and students worldwide, allows users with no animation skills to create 3D characters and movies. Because it is a downloadable application, earlier Chromebooks, which were limited to web-based programs, were unable to run the program. The new Android app allows Chromebook users to enjoy the same rich content features using their Google Classroom logins and automatically save their content to their Google Drive accounts. “Chromebooks are an important part of the future of K-12 education, but until now they have been unable to run graphics-intensive software,” says Niss Jonas Carlsson, Head of Education for Stockholm-based Plotagon AB. “For the first time, teachers and students can get on Chromebooks the same experience they are used to with desktops, laptops, and tablets.” As part of the new product launch, for a limited time Plotagon is offering free one-year Plotagon Education subscriptions to teachers and other education professionals. “We want teachers around the world to see how they can turn the written word into movies, and make literacy education more fun and engaging,” says Filip Grufman, Plotagon’s CEO. Teachers at all levels are using Plotagon in their classrooms for topics like English Language Arts, English Language Learning, foreign languages, social studies, and even helping children understand and improve social skills. Plotagon offers a range of licensing options for schools so students can make their own movies on Android-enabled Chromebooks, Mac, Windows, iOS, and Android devices. About Plotagon AB: Plotagon AB is an innovative Swedish startup founded in 2011 to create a one-of-a-kind application that allows users to create animated videos and characters just by typing. The Plotagon team consists of programmers, artists, animators, designers, musicians, marketers and storytellers working at the company’s headquarters in central Stockholm. More information about Plotagon can be found at: https://plotagoneducation.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Rackspace Names David Meredith President, Private Cloud and Managed Hosting Next PostNext Jive Communications Announces a Unified Communications Partnership with Cisco Systems Search Recent Posts Industrial Turbochargers Market Size, Share, Analysis, Industry Demand and Forecasts Report to 2017 Focused Ion Beam Market Expected to Reach $4.9 billion, Globally, by 2022 2021: Global Automotive Release lever Market Value & Volume Analytics with Growth Analysis Latest News: World Gross Product of Automotive Pressure Plate Industry is forecast to Expand by 2.7 per cent in 2017 and 2.9 per cent in 2018 National Australia Bank and OurCrowd – An Australian First Collaboration Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Be first to read MaltaToday and save 40% with our digital edition. Get it now for only €50 per year Back MaltaToday DealToday Jobs Pharmacies Restaurants My Account Logout Login to Digital Edition Register for SMS Alerts Sign-up with Facebook or enter your details manually below... First Name: Last Name: Email: Password: Hometown: Birthday: Create my account Sorry, we couldn't find that email. Existing users Email Send me a new password Password Login Sorry, we couldn't find those details. Enter Email Submit Sorry, we couldn't find that email. 5th June 2017 Get SMS Alerts Digital Edition Archives Search Election 2017 National Europe World Court & Police Interview Data & Surveys XTRA Business News Business Comment Technology Law Report Mepa Watch Football Rugby Motor Sports Boxing Tennis Cricket Food Gourmet Today Health & Fitness Today Health Environment Travel Art Books Entertainment Music Theatre & Dance Film Cultural Diary Valletta 2018 Blogs Editorial Letters Cartoons Home News Business Sports Lifestyle Arts Comment Election 2017 National Europe World Court & Police Interview Data & Surveys XTRA World Four Arab countries cut ties with Qatar Election 2017 Who has made it to Parliament? Elected MPs as the counting contin... Election 2017 [WATCH] Ann Fenech: ‘Life goes on’ Election 2017 [WATCH] Farrugia: Maltese did not understand how corruption affec... Election 2017 After Labour landslide, Busuttil is not resigning: ‘We must kee... Election 2017 Busuttil is not giving any press conference after suffering stagg... Election 2017 [WATCH] People blinded by Labour’s largesse, Marlene Farrugia s... Election 2017 [WATCH] Muscat calls for national unity: ‘I have no hatred in m... Election 2017 [WATCH] Konrad Mizzi: ‘We are halfway towards Malta being at th... Court & Police Car crash in Zebbug leaves man grievously injured World Theresa May: 'Far too much tolerance of extremism in the UK' Election 2017 Surveys call election but not scale of Labour victory Election 2017 [WATCH] Labour supporters in party mode after landslide election ... Election 2017 PN deputy leaders concede defeat: ‘Time to look to the future n... World London attack: Seven killed in vehicle and stabbing terrorist att... Election 2017 [LIVE] ELECTIONS 2017 • LABOUR VICTORY SEES MUSCAT RETAIN POWER... Home News World Google applies for 92,000 sqm London headquarters Construction on building that is longer than the Shard is tall, is set to begin in King’s Cross in 2018 1 June 2017, 3:14pm Print Version A render of Google’s new London headquarters in King’s Cross seen from the east. Google has officially submitted plans for its new 92,000 square metre “landscraper” London headquarters, with the intention of beginning construction on the building in 2018. Designed by Bjarke Ingels Group and Heatherwick Studios, the team behind TfL’s New Bus for London and the 2012 Olympic Cauldron, the building will stand 11 storeys tall and stretch parallel to the platforms of London’s King’s Cross railway station. Combined with Google’s current King’s Cross office around the corner, and a third building that the company also plans on moving into in the area, it will form a new campus that will house 7,000 Google employees. Dubbed a “landscraper”, the finished building will be longer than the Shard is tall. The Heatherwick-designed building was submitted to Camden council and will be the first to be wholly owned by, and designed specifically for, Google outside the US. Google declined to comment on the cost of the project. Heatherwick said in a statement: “The area is a fascinating collision of diverse building types and spaces and I can’t help but love this mix of massive railway stations, roads, canals and other infrastructure all layered up into the most connected point in London.” He added: “Influenced by these surroundings, we have treated this new building for Google like a piece of infrastructure too, made from a family of interchangeable elements which ensure that the building and its workspace will stay flexible for years to come.” Google’s Joe Borrett, the company’s head of real estate and construction, said: “We are excited to be able to bring our London Googlers together in one campus, with a new purpose-built building that we’ve developed from the ground up. Our offices and facilities play a key part in shaping the Google culture, which is one of the reasons we are known for being among the best places to work in the industry.” The company’s decision to stick with its plans for the HQ was widely seen as a vote of confidence in the British economy following the decision to leave the EU in June 2016. In a speech in Google’s London office last November, chief executive Sundar Pichai said: “Here in the UK, it’s clear to me that computer science has a great future with the talent, educational institutions, and passion for innovation we see all around us. We are committed to the UK and excited to continue our investment in our new King’s Cross campus.” Originally, the company’s plans had called for a luxury office, complete with a rooftop running track, indoor swimming pool and climbing wall – and saddled with an estimated £1 billion price tag. But Google rejected those plans, put together by London-based architects AHMM, in 2015 for being “too boring”, and brought Heatherwick on board instead. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter World Four Arab countries cut ties with Qatar Election 2017 Who has made it to Parliament? Elected MPs as the ... Election 2017 [WATCH] Ann Fenech: ‘Life goes on’ Election 2017 [WATCH] Farrugia: Maltese did not understand how c... Election 2017 After Labour landslide, Busuttil is not resigning:... Election 2017 Busuttil is not giving any press conference after ... Election 2017 [WATCH] People blinded by Labour’s largesse, Mar... Election 2017 [WATCH] Muscat calls for national unity: ‘I have... Election 2017 [WATCH] Konrad Mizzi: ‘We are halfway towards Ma... Court & Police Car crash in Zebbug leaves man grievously injured World Theresa May: 'Far too much tolerance of extremism ... Election 2017 Surveys call election but not scale of Labour vict... Election 2017 [WATCH] Labour supporters in party mode after land... Election 2017 PN deputy leaders concede defeat: ‘Time to look ... World London attack: Seven killed in vehicle and stabbin... DealToday enter to win Trending Articles 1 Who has made it to Parliament? Elected MPs as the counting continues 2 [LIVE] ELECTIONS 2017 • LABOUR VICTORY SEES MUSCAT RETAIN POWER, MAJORITY COULD BE OVER 35,000 3 [WATCH] Farrugia: Maltese did not understand how corruption affected their future 4 [WATCH] Ann Fenech: ‘Life goes on’ 5 [WATCH] People blinded by Labour’s largesse, Marlene Farrugia says in video message Digital Edition Archives Deals About Us Privacy Policy   Terms and conditions   Advertising rates   maltatoday@mediatoday.com.mt   +356 21382741 MediaToday is an independent media house based in Malta. Copyright © MediaToday Co. Ltd, Vjal ir-Rihan, San Gwann SGN 9016, Malta, Europe Reproduction of material from this website without written permission is strictly prohibited.
Technology | Economy | Startups | Personal Finance | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Business Technology Personal Finance Startups Internet Culture Media Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Videos Subscribe to Newsletters 7 in 10 Smartphone Apps Share Your Data With Third-Party Services By Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez and Srikanth Sundaresan • 06/01/17 9:47am Where are all the data going? Pixabay Our mobile phones can reveal a lot about ourselves: where we live and work; who our family, friends and acquaintances are; how (and even what) we communicate with them; and our personal habits. With all the information stored on them, it isn’t surprising that mobile device users take steps to protect their privacy, like using PINs or passcodes to unlock their phones. The research that we and our colleagues are doing identifies and explores a significant threat that most people miss: More than 70 percent of smartphone apps are reporting personal data to third-party tracking companies like Google Analytics, the Facebook Graph API or Crashlytics. When people install a new Android or iOS app, it asks the user’s permission before accessing personal information. Generally speaking, this is positive. And some of the information these apps are collecting are necessary for them to work properly: A map app wouldn’t be nearly as useful if it couldn’t use GPS data to get a location. But once an app has permission to collect that information, it can share your data with anyone the app’s developer wants to – letting third-party companies track where you are, how fast you’re moving and what you’re doing. The help, and hazard, of code libraries An app doesn’t just collect data to use on the phone itself. Mapping apps, for example, send your location to a server run by the app’s developer to calculate directions from where you are to a desired destination. The app can send data elsewhere, too. As with websites, many mobile apps are written by combining various functions, precoded by other developers and companies, in what are called third-party libraries. These libraries help developers track user engagement, connect with social media and earn money by displaying ads and other features, without having to write them from scratch. However, in addition to their valuable help, most libraries also collect sensitive data and send it to their online servers – or to another company altogether. Successful library authors may be able to develop detailed digital profiles of users. For example, a person might give one app permission to know their location, and another app access to their contacts. These are initially separate permissions, one to each app. But if both apps used the same third-party library and shared different pieces of information, the library’s developer could link the pieces together. Users would never know, because apps aren’t required to tell users what software libraries they use. And only very few apps make public their policies on user privacy; if they do, it’s usually in long legal documents a regular person won’t read, much less understand. Developing Lumen Our research seeks to reveal how much data are potentially being collected without users’ knowledge, and to give users more control over their data. To get a picture of what data are being collected and transmitted from people’s smartphones, we developed a free Android app of our own, called the Lumen Privacy Monitor. It analyzes the traffic apps send out, to report which applications and online services actively harvest personal data. Because Lumen is about transparency, a phone user can see the information installed apps collect in real time and with whom they share these data. We try to show the details of apps’ hidden behavior in an easy-to-understand way. It’s about research, too, so we ask users if they’ll allow us to collect some data about what Lumen observes their apps are doing – but that doesn’t include any personal or privacy-sensitive data. This unique access to data allows us to study how mobile apps collect users’ personal data and with whom they share data at an unprecedented scale. In particular, Lumen keeps track of which apps are running on users’ devices, whether they are sending privacy-sensitive data out of the phone, what internet sites they send data to, the network protocol they use and what types of personal information each app sends to each site. Lumen analyzes apps traffic locally on the device, and anonymizes these data before sending them to us for study: If Google Maps registers a user’s GPS location and sends that specific address to maps.google.com, Lumen tells us, “Google Maps got a GPS location and sent it to maps.google.com” – not where that person actually is. Trackers are everywhere More than 1,600 people who have used Lumen since October 2015 allowed us to analyze more than 5,000 apps. We discovered 598 internet sites likely to be tracking users for advertising purposes, including social media services like Facebook, large internet companies like Google and Yahoo, and online marketing companies under the umbrella of internet service providers like Verizon Wireless. We found that more than 70 percent of the apps we studied connected to at least one tracker, and 15 percent of them connected to five or more trackers. One in every four trackers harvested at least one unique device identifier, such as the phone number or its device-specific unique 15-digit IMEI number. Unique identifiers are crucial for online tracking services because they can connect different types of personal data provided by different apps to a single person or device. Most users, even privacy-savvy ones, are unaware of those hidden practices. More than just a mobile problem Tracking users on their mobile devices is just part of a larger problem. More than half of the app-trackers we identified also track users through websites. Thanks to this technique, called “cross-device” tracking, these services can build a much more complete profile of your online persona. And individual tracking sites are not necessarily independent of others. Some of them are owned by the same corporate entity – and others could be swallowed up in future mergers. For example, Alphabet, Google’s parent company, owns several of the tracking domains that we studied, including Google Analytics, DoubleClick or AdMob, and through them collects data from more than 48 percent of the apps we studied. Data transfers observed between locations of Lumen users (left) and third-party server locations (right). Traffic frequently crosses international boundaries. ICSI Users’ online identities are not protected by their home country’s laws. We found data being shipped across national borders, often ending up in countries with questionable privacy laws. More than 60 percent of connections to tracking sites are made to servers in the U.S., U.K., France, Singapore, China and South Korea – six countries that have deployed mass surveillance technologies. Government agencies in those places could potentially have access to these data, even if the users are in countries with stronger privacy laws such as Germany, Switzerland or Spain. Connecting a device’s MAC address to a physical address (belonging to ICSI) using Wigle. ICSI Even more disturbingly, we have observed trackers in apps targeted to children. By testing 111 kids’ apps in our lab, we observed that 11 of them leaked a unique identifier, the MAC address, of the Wi-Fi router it was connected to. This is a problem, because it is easy to search online for physical locations associated with particular MAC addresses. Collecting private information about children, including their location, accounts and other unique identifiers, potentially violates the Federal Trade Commission’s rules protecting children’s privacy. Just a small look Although our data include many of the most popular Android apps, it is a small sample of users and apps, and therefore likely a small set of all possible trackers. Our findings may be merely scratching the surface of what is likely to be a much larger problem that spans across regulatory jurisdictions, devices and platforms. It’s hard to know what users might do about this. Blocking sensitive information from leaving the phone may impair app performance or user experience: An app may refuse to function if it cannot load ads. Actually, blocking ads hurts app developers by denying them a source of revenue to support their work on apps, which are usually free to users. If people were more willing to pay developers for apps, that may help, though it’s not a complete solution. We found that while paid apps tend to contact fewer tracking sites, they still do track users and connect with third-party tracking services. Transparency, education and strong regulatory frameworks are the key. Users need to know what information about them is being collected, by whom, and what it’s being used for. Only then can we as a society decide what privacy protections are appropriate, and put them in place. Our findings, and those of many other researchers, can help turn the tables and track the trackers themselves. Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez, is a Research Assistant Professor, IMDEA Networks Institute, Madrid, Spain and a Research Scientist at Networking and Security, International Computer Science Institute based at, University of California, Berkeley and Srikanth Sundaresan is a Research Fellow in Computer Science at Princeton University. This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. SEE ALSO: Facial Recognition Is Increasingly Common, But How Does It Work? Business & Technology Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Security News Google claims to block 99.9% of phishing attacks using machine learning Google claims to block 99.9% of phishing attacks using machine learning Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Rene Millman News 1 Jun, 2017 AI deployed to fight fraudsters Google has deployed machine learning technology on its Gmail service that it claims can now block 99.9% of all phishing attempts it detects. In a blog post, Andy Wen, senior product manager of counter abuse technology at Google, said machine learning had helped Gmail block spam and phishing messages from showing up in a user’s inbox with over 99.9% accuracy.  “This is huge, given that 50-70% of messages that Gmail receives are spam,” he said. Wen explained that this dedicated machine learning model selectively delays messages (less than 0.05% of messages on average) to perform rigorous phishing analysis and further protect user data from compromise. The detection models integrate with the machine learning supporting Safe Browsing, which is used to find and flag suspicious URLs. “These new models combine a variety of techniques such as reputation and similarity analysis on URLs, allowing us to generate new URL click-time warnings for phishing and malware links,” Wen said. “As we find new patterns, our models adapt more quickly than manual systems ever could, and get better with time.”  Gmail users in the enterprise will also be warned when replying to someone outside of their company domain to prevent data loss. “Now, if you try to respond to someone outside of your company domain, you’ll receive a quick warning to make sure you intended to send that email. And because Gmail has contextual intelligence, it knows if the recipient is an existing contact or someone you interact with regularly, to avoid displaying warnings unnecessarily,” said Wen. Google has also introduced improvements that will scan messages for ransomware or polymorphic malware. “We classify new threats by combining thousands of spam, malware and ransomware signals with attachment heuristics (emails that could be threats based on signals) and sender signatures (already marked malware),” Wen said. See related  96,000 phishing scams target Brits Read more about Security Gmail machine learning artificial intelligence Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Security Should we worry about election hacking? Opinion The secrets of VPNs for business In-depth Emergency patches cost companies almost $100,000 every month News ShadowBrokers offers CISOs zero-day details for $21,000 News Judy malware spreads to 36.5 million Android devices News See all Popular Raspberry Pi: Top 27 projects to try yourself Mobile How to boost your home Wi-Fi Networking Don't like Windows 10? Here's how to uninstall it Operating Systems Windows vs Linux: what's the best operating system? Operating Systems Google Home vs Amazon Echo vs Apple Siri speaker: Apple gears up to launch Siri-enabled speaker Desktop Hardware Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Alphr Know Your Mobile Expert Reviews Channel Pro Cloud Pro © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
MENU Press Offices Arbor Networks BCX Eset Hitachi Data Systems Huawei MTN Resolve SAP Tecno UNICAF Veeam Westcon-Comstor WWC Magazine Gallery Advertise Newsletter Submit News Contact MENU Home Africa’s Technology News Leader Top Stories The most important technology stories News Technology news categorized General General tech news Mobile and Telecoms Telecommunications Enterprise Cloud in Africa. Backup and Storage Backup and Storage news Big Data Big Data news Cloud Computing Cloud Computing news Internet of Things Enterprise Architecture news Hardware Hardware Software Software news IT Security The latest IT Security news Satellite Communications News about Satellite Communication Gadgets & Gaming Consumer Tech Startups Online & Social Internet, digital and social media news Events News Must attend Tech events Opinion According to the experts Features Taking an in-depth look PR Newswire Video Video interviews and features Industries Technology news by industry Education Mining and Energy Finance Healthcare Retail Regions IT news around Africa West Africa East Africa Southern Africa North Africa Companies Company news and Press Releases Company News Huawei HP Software Events Conferences and Seminars Education Innovation Summit | 31 May 2017 IoT Forum Africa | 21-22 March 2018 Healthcare Innovation Summit | 23 – 24 Aug 2017 Advertise Connect with our audience How to Identify an Insecure Website June 1, 2017 • Online & Social, Security, Top Stories Facebook0 Twitter0 LinkedIn0 Google+0 Pinterest0 Users without proper Secure Sockets Layering (SSL) technology are at a high risk of privacy concerns such as cybercrime. If you think that simply because a website indicates ‘a secure pop-up’ you are safe from hacking, think again. Users without proper Secure Sockets Layering (SSL) technology are at a high risk of privacy concerns such as phishing, cyber stalking and identity theft, to name a few. Last year, Google announced that it would start ‘shaming’ websites that were insecure and did not use web encryption. This was the start of Google’s war on the unencrypted web and as of January 2017, Chrome users are now notified whether an HTTP site is secured or not. As an internet user, it is vital that you know exactly what to look out for when browsing the internet in order to avoid falling victim to internet scams. How to identify an insecure website With Google Chrome, you will be alerted whether or not you can visit the site safely or privately. This is usually shown with three security symbols: The green lock that indicates ‘Secure’ The white info icon that indicates ‘Info or Not Secure’ The red hazard sign that indicates ‘Not Secure or Dangerous’ Secure means the information you send through to the site is private. This, however, is not foolproof. It is always a good idea to check the location bar of the website and see whether it is displaying the website’s proper name. Info or Not Secure means the site you are visiting does not have a private connection and someone may be able to access the information that you send through to the site, such as your logins and banking details. If you see a “Login not secure” or “Payment not secure” message, refrain from entering any sensitive details, like passwords or credit card details. Not Secure or Dangerous messages means the website you are accessing does not have encryption and all private details you enter are privy to hackers and cyber-criminals. If a site is Dangerous, it has been flagged ‘unsafe’ by Safe Browsing and using this site will put your private details at risk. SSL vital for internet browsing safety All websites need to undergo a SSL set-up in order to obtain a certificate authority, called a domain validation. This ensures that before you access any site, your SSL software will be analyzing the site entered into the location bar and identifying its authenticity as a domain. It will also assess whether its security encryption certificates are up to date. SSL is a standard security technology and works by establishing an encrypted link between a website and a browser. This is often seen whilst online shopping or when data is shared between a mail server and a mail client. Unfortunately, there are various malicious or phishing websites on the internet that are labelled as secure, if the owners have obtained SSL certificates in fraudulent ways. To read more about how SSL Encryption works, click here. How to access a secure version of a website While most major sites already use HTTPS for login connections, you may come across a site that uses the insecure HTTP. 3 steps to access a more secure version of a website: Select the address bar Delete http://, and enter https:// and click enter. If that doesn’t work or nothing on the page changes, contact the site owner to ask that they secure the site and your data with HTTPS. Some sites do offer HTTPS but this is not by default. By using SSL technology, your browser is automatically checking this for you and will let you know the safety of the intended site before you access it. Staff Writer browsing safetycyber securitySSL certificatesSSL technology « Risky business for mobile merchants How software developers can accelerate career growth » Search Tags Africa Airtel apple BlackBerry Broadband cloud cloud computing Egypt facebook Gadgets and Gaming Ghana Google Huawei ict ict news internet IT News IT News Africa IT Security kenya Microsoft Mobile Mobile and Telecoms MTN news Nigeria Nokia Opinion Safaricom samsung SAP Security Software South Africa tech news technology technology news Telecom telecom news telecoms Telkom Uganda vodacom west africa zimbabwe News Alerts Sign up for our FREE News Alerts       In the news Forex Rates Latest Headlines Stream your drone footage with these goggles June 2, 2017 26% of media consumption will be mobile in 2019 June 2, 2017 IoT network to provide reliable machine connectivity to Nigeria June 2, 2017 Artificial Intelligence – heading for The Cloud(s) June 2, 2017 Gartner: Mobile app development is not accelerating June 2, 2017 Attendees give Education Innovation Summit 2017 the thumbs up June 2, 2017   UPCOMING EVENTS   Education Innovation Summit 31 May 2017     Healthcare Innovation Summit 23 - 24 August 2017     IoT Forum Africa | 21-22 March 2018 Company Press Offices Press Offices Arbor Networks Condyn ContinuitySA Eset Fujitsu Huawei Interactive Intelligence MCI MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tom Tom USAASA Veeam Westcon-Comstor MOST POPULAR TWITTER Twitter Tweets by @ITNewsAfrica Photos on flickr Veeam announces new Co-CEOs May 17, 2017 SA Rocket Scientist Wins Big May 12, 2017 Interview: Jasper Westerink CEO of Phillips Africa April 19, 2017 Top Female Tech Entreprenuer to Chair AfriLabs Board April 12, 2017 eBay Founder Pledges $100 Million In Fight Against Fake News April 6, 2017 Interview: Ross Hickey Of Trinity Telecom Discusses IoT April 4, 2017 SAP Africa appoints new Head of Innovation April 4, 2017 Twitter Mourns The Passing Of Ahmed Kathrada March 28, 2017 Interview: Dr Mumick of Kirusa discusses telecoms in emerging markets March 17, 2017 Interview: Underwriter Laboratories’s Steven Jackets discusses The Future of Authetication March 16, 2017 Newsletter Would you like to receive the latest African technology news and analysis delivered to your e-mail inbox every morning? Then simply subscribe to our free daily e-mail newsletter.   SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER   Useful Links > Send us news > Advertise on ITNewsAfrica.com > Advertise in African Innovator Magazine > Enquire about a Company Press Office > Careers Follow Conferences > Innovation Dinner Series > ICT Business Breakfast Series > Tech Demo Africa All conference enquiries: events[at]itnewsafrica.com African Innovator Magazine > Subscription > Where to buy © 2017 | IT News Africa – Africa's Technology News Leader Read previous post: Risky business for mobile merchants South African financial institutions are under severe pressure to better secure their mobile services. Fraud and increasingly sophisticated phishing attacks...Close
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Gavin Phillips This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Nancy Messieh Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Google Wants to Help You Become an Art Expert Tech News Creative Google Wants to Help You Become an Art Expert Dave Parrack June 1, 2017 01-06-2017 2 minutes Google Wants to Help You Become an Art Expert Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Most of us like to think we’re cultured to some degree. Unfortunately, most of us lack the actual knowledge and understanding required to qualify as being cultured in any real way. Google is trying to change all that, with new efforts designed to turn us all into budding art experts Why the Internet Doesn't Get Art Why the Internet Doesn't Get Art It pains me to say this but — and I know this is a broad generalisation — the Internet just doesn't get art. Most online discussions of art, especially modern art, miss the point entirely. Read More . Every month, Google handles 500 million searches to related to artists and works of art. This is an astonishing figure which brings home how many of us want help understanding art on a deeper level. Thankfully, Google heeded the call, bringing together its brightest and best to help us all. Google Knows Art and Culture As outlined on The Keyword, Google’s Art and Culture team has joined forces with Google Search engineers. Google already offers a dedicated Art and Culture app which lets you explore museum pieces and art collections. This new effort brings that information across into the mainstream. This means that every time you search for an art-related thing you’ll be presented with more information about the art and/or artists involved. This include more information on the life and times of the artist, details about their famous works, and the option to see those works in situ. You’ll also be able to embark on virtual tours. Hundreds of museums around the world have opened their doors to Google, letting them capture images from inside. So you can walk around the museums in virtual form, soaking up some culture from the comfort of your own home. Google has added clear annotations to the walls surrounding famous works of art, giving you the opportunity to learn more about them. And 15,000 works of art have been scanned in high-resolution, allowing you to zoom in and see every last detail right down to the brushstrokes. Art Should Be Available to All This is a fantastic effort to educate the masses 10 Educational YouTube Channels Made for Marathoning 10 Educational YouTube Channels Made for Marathoning YouTube is now the go-to place for nearly any video you could want -- and that makes it a wonderful educational resource. Especially if you binge-watch the best YouTube channels out there. Read More , and Google deserves credit for embarking on such a mission. The greatest works of art should be available to all, and this is Google opening art up to people who would otherwise not have the opportunity to see it in person. Bravo, Google, bravo. Do you regularly search for information on artists or their works of art on Google? Will you be making use of Google’s new efforts to educate the masses? Do you consider a virtual tour of an art gallery as good as the real thing? Please let us know in the comments below! Previous PostExperience How Terrible the Web Could Be Without Net NeutralityNext PostAmazon’s Advanced Search Sucks: Here’s What You Need Instead 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dave Parrack 1475 articles Dave Parrack is a journalist from the UK. Growing up at a time when the internet was blossoming inspired his fascination with technology. With 10 years experience writing online, he's currently the Tech News writer and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf. You can follow him at About.me. Advertisement Latest Giveaways GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Infinite Loop — Apple’s Siri-controlled smart speaker could be revealed at WWDC next week But you'll probably have to wait until late 2017 to get your hands on it. Valentina Palladino - Jun 1, 2017 1:18 pm UTC Enlarge / $159/£159 Apple AirPods. reader comments 34 Share this story Ahead of Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference next week, a report from Bloomberg suggest the company could announce a long-rumored, Siri-controlled smart speaker. "People familiar with the matter" told Bloomberg that the device could be revealed as early as WWDC, but likely would not ship until later this year. Further ReadingGoogle Home review: A step forward for hotwords, a step backward in capability Details about the speaker are slim, but the report states the Siri-controlled smart speaker will have "virtual surround sound technology" and integration with Apple's existing product lineup. This would be Apple's first device to compete with Amazon's Echo and Google's Home, both of which are vessels for each company's virtual assistant. Sources say Apple has been developing the speaker to be louder than its competition and to produce crisper sound overall. The device may also include "sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels during use." In addition to keeping up with Amazon and Google, a Siri-controlled speaker would also likely serve as a smart home hub for Apple HomeKit products. Currently only Apple TVs and iPads can fully control HomeKit lights, door locks, and other devices, so a home-based speaker would be a logical addition to a household already equipped with HomeKit products. The Bloomberg report also suggests a smart speaker from Apple could encourage loyal Apple Music subscribers to stick with the service. In the wake of slowing iPhone sales, services like Apple Music, which costs users $10 per month, have become more important to Apple. Neither Amazon Echo or Google Home officially support Apple Music, so this speaker would be the only at-home smart speaker that Apple Music subscribers could use to access their streamable music. Further ReadingAmazon Echo Show: Alexa-powered touchscreen speaker launches June 28 The design and price of Apple's speaker will be telling. Amazon has evolved the Echo family over time to include the original cylindrical speaker, shorter disk-like speakers, and most recently the touchscreen-equipped Echo Show that can make voice and video calls. Sources told Bloomberg that Apple's device won't have a display, so it may look more akin to the original Echo or Google Home. At $129, Google's device undercut Amazon's speaker on price when it first debuted, but there's no word on how much Apple's smart speaker could cost at launch. Valentina Palladino Valentina is the Associate Reviewer for Ars Technica, covering all gadgets with a focus on mobile devices and wearables. She has a soft spot for Chromebooks. Twitter @valentinalucia reader comments 34 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Plotagon AB Press Release Share      Blog Receive press releases from Plotagon AB: By Email PDF Version RSS Feeds: Plotagon Brings Its Award Winning Animation App to Chromebooks Plotagon Education, a popular program among teachers and students worldwide, allows users with no animation skills to create 3D characters and movies. The application, which is already available on PC, Mac and mobile platforms has now been designed to run on Android-compatible Chromebooks. Stockholm, Sweden, June 01, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Animation pioneer Plotagon has launched its first Android app optimized for the latest Google Chromebooks, which now dominate the growing K-12 Schools computer market. The application, which is already available on PC, Mac and mobile platforms has now been designed to run on Android-compatible Chromebooks. This brings the Red Dot award winning user experience of creating animation through writing to schools around the world. Plotagon Education, a popular program among teachers and students worldwide, allows users with no animation skills to create 3D characters and movies. Because it is a downloadable application, earlier Chromebooks, which were limited to web-based programs, were unable to run the program. The new Android app allows Chromebook users to enjoy the same rich content features using their Google Classroom logins and automatically save their content to their Google Drive accounts. “Chromebooks are an important part of the future of K-12 education, but until now they have been unable to run graphics-intensive software,” says Niss Jonas Carlsson, Head of Education for Stockholm-based Plotagon AB. “For the first time, teachers and students can get on Chromebooks the same experience they are used to with desktops, laptops, and tablets.” As part of the new product launch, for a limited time Plotagon is offering free one-year Plotagon Education subscriptions to teachers and other education professionals. “We want teachers around the world to see how they can turn the written word into movies, and make literacy education more fun and engaging,” says Filip Grufman, Plotagon’s CEO. Teachers at all levels are using Plotagon in their classrooms for topics like English Language Arts, English Language Learning, foreign languages, social studies, and even helping children understand and improve social skills. Plotagon offers a range of licensing options for schools so students can make their own movies on Android-enabled Chromebooks, Mac, Windows, iOS, and Android devices. About Plotagon AB: Plotagon AB is an innovative Swedish startup founded in 2011 to create a one-of-a-kind application that allows users to create animated videos and characters just by typing. The Plotagon team consists of programmers, artists, animators, designers, musicians, marketers and storytellers working at the company's headquarters in central Stockholm. More information about Plotagon can be found at: https://plotagoneducation.com Contact Information Plotagon AB Klas Holmlund +46707993007 Contact plotagon.com Attached Files Plotagon Press release - PDF format A PDF document version of this press release.Filename: Plotagon_pressrelease_170601.pdf The user writes a story to create an animated movie Plotagon Education has an award-winning user experience that is now available on late-model Chromebooks as a downloadable android application.Filename: interface.png Users can get a free trial version Plotagon Education requires an account to use, a free 30 day trial is available on the site and teachers can sign up for a full one year for free.Filename: video_thumb_B.jpg An animation studio in your pocket Plotagon offers a near-instant creation of animated video, loved by teachers around the world. Students can create animated versions of themselves in the app.Filename: ImageC.jpg Available on all platforms, optimised for Chromebooks Plotagon is a downloadable app and supported by late model Chromebooks that can run installed Android apps.Filename: devices2.png High Quality animations Plotagon animations are high quality and users can add their own recorded voice to the characters.Filename: cafe_169_001.jpg Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Plotagon AB Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Chris Davies - Jun 1, 2017 21 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Editors' Rating: 9/10 Pros Beautiful design Swift, smooth performance Excellent camera Battery life impresses Cons Only in Sprint stores No headphone jack Wireless charging is MIA HTC learned the hard way that, in the cutthroat smartphone industry, you need to bring your A-game each and every time. Make a misstep and, though recovery isn’t impossible, it’ll cost you dearly – cash that HTC just doesn’t have to splash around. The stakes are high for the HTC U11, then, and in a year packed with compelling flagships from deep-pocketed rivals it can’t afford less than a surefire hit. Question is, does the U11 have what it takes? Design For a company that has always been a relative minnow in the smartphone pool, HTC has a track record of spending a bigger percentage than most on industrial design. The result of that is a legacy of handsome, well-designed devices that occasionally border on beautiful. Phones that, even if you can find flaws in other decisions HTC might have made, you can’t question their aesthetics. From those elevated expectations, then, HTC has outdone itself with the U11. If the HTC U Ultra previewed the company’s new style earlier this year, then this is the phone that truly embodies it. Gone is the all-metal unibody of the U10 and its predecessors, handsome but dated. In its place, HTC combines glass and metal, though this is no ordinary gadget sandwich. The toughened glass is subjected to multiple stages of heating, pressing, and shaping, all in the name of producing a series of sinuous curves that blend smoothly into the brushed aluminum frame. What really sets it apart is HTC’s color treatment. Rather than just painting the glass, the colors – there are five, Amazing Silver (which has an unusually blue tint), Sapphire Blue, Brilliant Black, Ice White, and Solar Red – run through the second surface of the glass. On a practical level, it means that if you scratch the back of your U11 it won’t mar the hue. However it also turns the phone into a beautiful kaleidoscope, the colors shimmering and evolving as the light plays across it from different angles. When I visited HTC’s design studio in Taipei, Taiwan a few weeks ago, the team responsible for the U11’s finish had plenty to say about what each of the shifting colors represented. Even if design-speak leaves you cold, there’s no denying that no other smartphone manufacturer is producing anything quite so beguiling to the eye as HTC is. It’s just a shame that arguably the best color, Solar Red, won’t officially be offered in the US. Hardware and Performance In a year where tall, skinny displays are increasingly commonplace, the U11 looks a little… wide. With the Galaxy S8 and LG G6 both adopting narrower touchscreens, and the iPhone 8 expected to do the same later in 2017, HTC’s decision to stick with a 16:9 aspect panel does leave it behind the curve. The company’s argument is that the value-add for a completely new aspect ratio still hasn’t been demonstrated, though it concedes that its stance might change over time if app design embraces taller, thinner phones. Nonetheless, the 5.5-inch QHD display HTC selected gets no complaints. Colors are bright, though short of the punchy saturation you either love or hate AMOLED for. Brightness levels are sufficient for outdoor use. Underneath it there’s a slightly recessed, touch-sensitive home button that doubles as a fingerprint sensor, and is flagged by Android’s back and task-switcher buttons. Would they be better served by on-screen replacements? Maybe, though then HTC would’ve had to move the fingerprint sensor and, having seen the ergonomic mess Samsung made of that on the S8, I’m somewhat reassured the U11 didn’t have the opportunity to make the same mistake. The U Ultra charged flagship money for a mid-tier processor; the U11 doesn’t make the same mistake. Inside the glass and metal chassis is Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 835, paired with 4GB of RAM and 64GB of storage; there’s a microSD slot for augmenting the latter. Honestly, I’ve sworn off mobile benchmarks because they’re too readily gamed and rarely give any useful insight into how a device performs bar bragging rights on a Top Ten chart. What’s more important to me is how a phone feels day-to-day. On that front, I can’t complain about the U11. Apps load quickly, switching between them is lag-free, and the whole phone generally feels snappy and responsive. For sure, that’s what you’d expect – what you should demand, no less – from a modern flagship running the latest silicon, but it’ll come as no surprise to Android users to hear that it’s not always the case. I’m also pleased to see HTC embracing water-resistance, though the U11 doesn’t quite live up to the Galaxy S8 and G6 there. With an IP67 rating, it’ll handle splashes, dust, and brief dunkings in shallow water: up to 30 minutes, in up to 3.3 feet of water. No, this isn’t the phone to take into the pool with you, but it’s a valuable reassurance to have nonetheless when you realize you just dropped your expensive smartphone in the sink (or, worse still, in the toilet). [Ed: updated to clarify water resistance levels at IP67] HTC BoomSound makes another evolution. If you were hoping for the return of the twin front-facing speakers then I’m afraid you’ll continue to be frustrated, but I’d say it’s worth giving this new iteration a chance. As with the HTC 10 it combines the earpiece and a bottom-mounted speaker, but the latter has a far larger reverberation chamber on the U11. The result is frankly astonishing levels of both volume and clarity from a phone audio system, quite possibly the best on the market today. USound but no headphone jack For some, the absence of a 3.5mm headphone jack is an instant deal-breaker. Sorry, the U11 isn’t for you. Happily, HTC does a better job at explaining the thought processes behind its port decisions this time around, and I’m more convinced than I was with the iPhone 7 or other recent examples of 3.5mm omission. As HTC tells it, the USB-C port offers far more flexibility than the legacy jack ever could. With the HTC USound headphones bundled in the box, for example, you not only get music and hands-free calls but noise cancellation too. Cleverly, these aren’t some $300 Bose rivals – in fact, HTC will sell you a replacement set for $39.99 – because they rely on the U11 to do all the heavy-lifting when it comes to processing. The headphones themselves just have the microphones required to pick up the background noise. In practice, they aren’t up to Bose-levels of isolation, but it’s certainly better than most in-box earbuds. Indeed, HTC gets points for including both those headphones and a USB-C to 3.5mm jack dongle. It then promptly loses points for making its USB-C headphones so fussy in terms of what they’ll connect to. The whole point of the new port is its ubiquity and multi-functionality, so it’s fairly ridiculous that the USound headphones won’t work if you plug them into a MacBook Pro or something else with a USB-C connector. Squeeze me, won’t you In every generation there is a gimmick, and let’s face it, HTC has a mixed track record. The U11’s is Edge Sense and, though I was a little skeptical initially, having lived with the ability to launch shortcuts with a squeeze I’m actually a little impressed. HTC has basically integrated pressure sensors into the sides of the U11. They run down roughly the lower half of each edge and, though the phone doesn’t physically deform, they can differentiate between various levels of pressure. Since they’re not capacitive sensors, it doesn’t matter if you’re wearing gloves, or if the U11 is wet, or even if it’s in a (flexible) case. Right now, HTC’s software supports two Edge Sense shortcuts. By default, a short press opens up the camera; HTC leaves you to define a sustained press yourself. You can customize both, though, either to launch an app, or load the Google Assistant, or take a screenshot. During that process, you can set how firm you want the triggering press to be; I found that I tended to over-squeeze during that stage, and then had to come back later to turn it down a few notches. Subtle graphics on-screen show when your squeezing is being recognized. Shortcut buttons on a smartphone aren’t new, of course, though they’re certainly useful. In HTC’s case, while a physical key might’ve been easier, there’s plenty of potential for the Edge Sense hardware. Theoretically, future updates could add recognition for more squeeze gestures, or the ability to control things in a more granular way through modulating the pressure you apply. Webpages could auto-scroll for one-handed reading, for instance, the speed controlled by how firmly you press. Software HTC has scaled back its once voracious modifications of Android, and the U11 is all the better for it. Out of the box you get Android 7.1.1, and the vast majority of it will be familiar to anybody who has used a “pure” Android device like a Pixel XL. What changes have been made center on a handful of apps, HTC opting to ditch the native Android version in favor of its own variants. Happily, the U11 shows the company’s relatively light-touch approach there, too. Where Google’s apps are better – Google Photos, for instance, versus HTC’s Gallery – HTC doesn’t force its software on you. All the same, any modification of Android adds another layer of complexity when it comes to updates, and only time will tell how swiftly HTC pushes out new OS versions. Where the U11 does try to set itself apart is voice agents. As you’d expect, you get the Google Assistant, and you can summon it hands-free with the “Ok Google” wakeword. Performance of that is great, too, as HTC has fitted a total of four microphones, using low-power always-listening technology to spot when you’re asking for help, and then quickly figuring out which are the best microphones to use based on where you are in relation to the phone. However HTC also includes its own Sense Companion, alongside the Google Assistant. When it debuted on the U Ultra, I confess I was fairly non-plussed: the promise of proactive reminders and suggestions seemed useful, but in practice you could go long stretches and never hear a peep. The official argument was that HTC’s light tread was about not annoying users with too much chatter, but I’m still not sure it got the mix quite right. On the U11 it’s still fairly reticent, but I’ve noticed it piping up a little more frequently than in earlier iterations. That’s probably a good thing, as the new phone is going to get crowded pretty soon, too. In the pipeline is support for Amazon’s Alexa. When that arrives – which will come in the form of a software update – you’ll not only be able to say “Ok Google” but “Alexa,” and ask questions of Amazon’s service instead. HTC hasn’t said exactly which of Alexa’s skills will be carried over to the phone – it won’t be every one of them you get on, say, an Echo smart speaker – but the plan is to eventually build out the abilities so that they’re phone-centric. That might include making calls or sending messages, perhaps, though details are in short supply right now. Camera I have to cut to the chase here: HTC lost its way in smartphone photography for a while, but the U11 sets it right back on track. No gimmicks, no silly megapixel counts, just a series of sensible hardware and software decisions that add up to consistently great shots. HTC is calling it UltraPixel 3, and you get 12-megapixel resolution – with each light-loving pixel measuring 1.4 microns – and an f/1.7 lens. No laser autofocus this time around, with dual-pixel phase detection in its stead. Optical image stabilization – 5-axis, no less – and a dual-LED flash rounds things out on the rear, while the front opts for a 16-megapixel sensor and a 150-degree wide-angle lens. The result is bright, colorful, but natural-looking shots. The autofocus locks on fast, and the Auto HDR mode does a good job of lifting the darker areas without unduly post-processing them. Indeed, HTC’s algorithms have a fairly light touch, the camera relying on the fundamentals of OIS enabling lower shutter speeds rather than aggressive sharpening after the fact. The same holds true in low-light, meanwhile, with those sizable pixels showing their worth. Believe me, the U11 is up there with the best of 2017’s smartphone cameras. As for video, there’s up to 4K recording, and the quartet of microphones can be used in different ways. On the one hand there’s digital microphone zooming: as you zoom into the scene, the U11 does a good impression of a shotgun microphone, narrowing in and ignoring surrounding noise. Alternatively, you can capture 360-degree surround audio, or even switch into Hi-Res 24-bit mode. That might be overkill for most people, but it sounds great. Battery If you needed proof that battery life comes down to more than just how big your li-ion pack is in mAh, HTC’s last two phones illustrate it perfectly. On the U Ultra, the 3,000 mAh battery proved terrible: insufficient to get the oversized phablet through a full day of use. Inside the U11, however, the same 3,000 mAh turns out to be more than sufficient. In what’s presumably some combination of smaller screen size, smarter power management from the Snapdragon 835, and a variety of other tweaks and enhancements, you can easily get through a full day on a single charge. When it comes to plugging in, the USB Type-C port works with the bundled 5V/2.5A charger to deliver Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 3.0. HTC doesn’t score full marks here from me, mind. The absence of wireless charging is, the company tells me, a conscious decision because the wired Quick Charge experience is so much swifter, and more convenient. I don’t buy it. After years of being told that it was HTC’s unibody metal design that was making the inclusion of Qi a non-starter, this switch to glass really should’ve ushered the technology in at the same time. Maybe Fast Charge does have advantages, but it’s a flagship phone in 2017 and if I want to juice it up on one of the numerous wireless charging pads around my house, I should be able to. Wrap-Up The HTC U11 is a seriously good phone. HTC has combined beautiful design, superlative build quality, thoughtful features, and a restrained customization of Android. Problem is, I suspect few will ever actually see one. It’s fair to say that HTC is lacking in mindshare right now, certainly in the US. The U11 needs to be in front of as many potential customers as possible – more than that, it deserves to be – but instead it’s a Sprint exclusive. Not just at launch, I’m told, but a Sprint exclusive, period. Yes, HTC will offer an unlocked, SIM-free U11 through its own store and via Amazon, and at $649 it’s certainly more competitive than the HTC U Ultra ever hoped to be. This isn’t really about price, though. It’s about would-be owners coming into their local carrier store, maybe with the intent of buying a Galaxy S8 or an iPhone, but having their attention swayed by all the shiny that HTC has brought to the party instead. Certainly that might happen to a small extent in a Sprint store, but for the U11 to reach critical mass it needed to be on the shelves of Verizon and AT&T, too. I might be wrong. Heck, I’d love to be wrong. It’s a crying shame that HTC has made its best smartphone in, quite literally, years, and most people won’t ever see it. Sure, I have no doubt that the HTC faithful will flock to it, and be rightly ecstatic, but for the mass market – the audience HTC desperately needs in order to increase its market share – I fear it won’t make a ripple. HTC U11 Gallery Tags AndroidHTCHTC U11Phone ReviewsSlashGear Reviewssmartphone Must Read Bits & Bytes Apple’s roadmap allegedly leaked: iPhone 8, Glasses, 2018 MacBook, more Coinbase tipped at $1b valuation as demand for cryptocurrency soars Why DigiByte’s price is soaring: $DGB, Minecraft, Memes, and Citibank Rooting Android phones is no longer cool, it’s a liability Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS 1 400 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Latest Tweets News: VP camps fears politics in impeach try. #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/og4hU84FXH 2 months ago Our Branded Pinoy for the week featuring Zarrah Jane Amagan a.k.a The Bandwagon Chic - The… https://t.co/FDQj1iItPi 2 months ago Breaking News: UAE joins WWF's Earth Hour. ❤ #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/IZvMOgPoyA 2 months ago Breaking News: Hail Storm hit Dubai. Keep safe everyone! 🙏🏻 #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai… https://t.co/Alxk1eU5ww 2 months ago Trouble sleeping in UAE? You are not alone. Read the full article at our latest issue of… https://t.co/m7tBxP57Ri 2 months ago Break Guinness World Records at Ramadan Night Market June 3, 2017 128 Two hours of amazing Dubai drama June 3, 2017 137 Supporters to wait longer for Duterte’s UAE visit June 3, 2017 132 June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Most Popular Break Guinness World Records at Ramadan Night Market Two hours of amazing Dubai drama Supporters to wait longer for Duterte’s UAE visit ‘Pangkabuhayan Crash Course’ for distressed OFWs Firms praise Pinoys for int’l accreditations Head to Sharjah this Friday to get free medical, dental check-up Cayetano: Your families are safe Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Most Popular Break Guinness World Records at Ramadan Night Market Two hours of amazing Dubai drama Supporters to wait longer for Duterte’s UAE visit ‘Pangkabuhayan Crash Course’ for distressed OFWs Firms praise Pinoys for int’l accreditations Head to Sharjah this Friday to get free medical, dental check-up Cayetano: Your families are safe Latest News Local NewsBreak Guinness World Records at Ramadan Night Market Fil Expat NewsTwo hours of amazing Dubai drama Fil Expat NewsSupporters to wait longer for Duterte’s UAE visit Fil Expat News‘Pangkabuhayan Crash Course’ for distressed OFWs Fil Expat NewsFirms praise Pinoys for int’l accreditations Fil Expat NewsHead to Sharjah this Friday to get free medical, dental check-up HEADLINECayetano: Your families are safe Local NewsRia Money Transfer now operates in GCC Local NewsC3 and RAKBANK to bring innovative payroll solutions for the UAE’s blue collar community SPORTSFive-man Spinneys shames CML International ‘Google Duo’ is Google’s latest video-calling app Ryan Thomas Namia August 18, 2016 11:39 am TECHNOLOGY 642 0 DUBAI—A new video chat app, Google Duo, that works exclusively for smartphones, has started to rollout on Tuesday, August 16. The simple one-to-one video calling app that is a direct alternative to Apple’s FaceTime is currently available for Android and iOs users. “Duo takes the complexity out of video calling so that you can be together in the moment wherever you are,” Google said in its blogsite. When a user signs up, the app checks user’s phone number then sends a confirmation text. The said app does not require a user to sign up a Google account. Duo seamlessly switches between mobile data and Wi-Fi without dropping the call. It also comes with a feature called Knock Knock which lets the user to see live video of the caller before answering the call. In addition, the Duo is built with an emphasis on privacy and security, and all calls are end-to-end encrypted. “Users are reluctant to video call because they don’t know if the other person is on the right network, the right device or it’s a good time to call. We’ve tried to remove all that friction and make it feel like an invitation, not an interruption when someone calls you,” Amity Fulay, Google’s group manager for communications said in a theguardian.comreport. Google said that their latest application will be live worldwide in the next few days. Facebook Comments Website Comments Vanessa Nolan May 16th, 2017 Reply Inclusion of garlic in diet is an important natural cure for bacterial vaginosis. If a product has been FDA approved then it has been thoroughly tested as well as proven safe. Make sure you use the right home remedies for bacterial vaginosis treatment. Melanie Blake May 16th, 2017 Reply mens polo shirt will be a real kick verified trends having polo ralph lauren outlet not ever removed out from design and style. This could cause these people a apposite solution because promotional items. Demonstrating promotional mens polo shirt to be able to customers is really an correct system to attract this not to mention doable,ralph lauren outlet stores, clients towards your special company. Marketing and advertising through these people, hence, needs that safety concerning application. Robert Martin May 16th, 2017 Reply Normally I do not read article on blogs, however I wish to say that this write-up very compelled me to take a look at and do it! Your writing style has been surprised me. Thank you, quite great post. Peter Wallace May 16th, 2017 Reply This very blog is no doubt educating and also factual. I have chosen helluva handy stuff out of this amazing blog. I’d love to visit it again and again. Cheers! Stephen Davies May 17th, 2017 Reply I think other web site proprietors should take this site as an model, very clean and excellent user friendly style and design, as well as the content. You’re an expert in this topic! Matt Hughes May 17th, 2017 Reply Thank you a lot for giving everyone an extraordinarily terrific opportunity to read articles and blog posts from this blog. It is often very cool and as well , full of a great time for me personally and my office fellow workers to visit your web site nearly 3 times per week to see the new secrets you will have. And definitely, I’m so certainly pleased with your amazing tricks you serve. Some 4 points in this post are without a doubt the finest I’ve had. Nathan Carr May 18th, 2017 Reply wonderful submit, very informative. I ponder why the opposite experts of this sector do not understand this. You must continue your writing. I’m confident, you have a huge readers’ base already! Nicola Mathis May 18th, 2017 Reply Strangely enough, Koskiniemi et al17 described that will 40% involving 174 individuals together with HZE acquired zoster sine herpete. Charles Hart May 18th, 2017 Reply This is an awesome entry. Thank you very much for the supreme post provided! I was looking for this entry for a long time, but I wasn’t able to find a honest source. Lucas Powell May 19th, 2017 Reply I simply could not depart your site prior to suggesting that I really enjoyed the usual information an individual provide to your visitors? Is going to be again steadily to investigate cross-check new posts Donna Hunter May 19th, 2017 Reply Super news indeed. My friend has been looking for this update. Anthony Robertson May 20th, 2017 Reply Hello my family member! I wish to say that this article is amazing, nice written and include approximately all vital infos. I would like to peer extra posts like this . Dorothy Churchill May 20th, 2017 Reply Pretty! This was an extremely wonderful article. Thank you for supplying this info. Jan Underwood May 20th, 2017 Reply Wonderful paintings! This is the type of info that are meant to be shared around the net. Disgrace on the search engines for no longer positioning this submit upper! Come on over and discuss with my site . Thanks =) Michelle Poole May 20th, 2017 Reply Good day I am so happy I found your web site, I really found you by mistake, while I was researching on Yahoo for something else, Anyhow I am here now and would just like to say cheers for a marvelous post and a all round thrilling blog (I also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to browse it all at the minute but I have bookmarked it and also added in your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read more, Please do keep up the awesome job. Zoe Chapman May 21st, 2017 Reply Hi there! Would you mind if I share your blog with my zynga group?There’s a lot of folks that I think would really appreciate your content. Please let me know. Cheers Kimberly Mills May 21st, 2017 Reply Hi, I wish for to subscribe for this weblog to obtain hottest updates, so where can i do it please help out. David Rutherford May 22nd, 2017 Reply I blog quite often and I really thank you for your content. The article has truly peaked my interest. I will bookmark your website and keep checking for new information about once per week. I subscribed to your RSS feed too. Victoria Carr May 22nd, 2017 Reply I’m really loving the theme/design of your website. Do you ever run into any internet browser compatibility issues? A handful of my blog readers have complained about my blog not working correctly in Explorer but looks great in Chrome. Do you have any ideas to help fix this problem? David Ross May 22nd, 2017 Reply Sweet blog! I found it while searching on Yahoo News. Do you have any tips on how to get listed in Yahoo News? I’ve been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! Thanks Julia Wilkins May 22nd, 2017 Reply Wow! Thank you! I always needed to write on my website something like that. Can I implement a part of your post to my site? Piers Berry May 23rd, 2017 Reply I agree with your points, good post. Stephanie Ferguson May 23rd, 2017 Reply Hmmm iis anyone else experiencing problems woth thhe pictures on thijs blog loading?I’m trying to determine if its a problem oon myy end or if it’s the blog. Any feed-back would be greatly appreciated.my blog fun88 mobile Madeleine Bailey May 23rd, 2017 Reply Hey there! I’m at work surfing around your blog from my new iphone 4! Just wanted to say I love reading your blog and look forward to all your posts! Carry on the excellent work! Sophie Morrison May 23rd, 2017 Reply What could be the differenbce from your bootleg movie plus a PSP legal download. Furthermore, Stanza is designed for free in the i Tunes Store. Paul Vance May 24th, 2017 Reply Hello, i feel that i saw you visited my web site so i came to go back the choose?.I’m trying to in finding things to improve my website!I assume its ok to make use of a few of your concepts!! Gordon Dyer May 24th, 2017 Reply Significantly, this publish is definitely the sweetest on this notable topic. I harmonise with your conclusions and will thirstily look ahead to your incoming updates. Declaring many thanks will not just be sufficient, for the phenomenal clarity in your writing. I will straight grab your rss feed to stay informed of any updates. Admirable function and considerably good results in your small business dealings!&nbsp Make sure you excuse my bad English as it is not my 1st tongue. Megan Terry May 24th, 2017 Reply It’s difficult to find knowledgeable people about this subject, however, you sound like you know what you’re talking about!ThanksFeel free to surf to my web blog beats by dre vs sennheiser Kylie Dowd May 24th, 2017 Reply Hi there, just became aware of your blog through Google, and found that it’s really informative. I am gonna watch out for brussels. I’ll appreciate if you continue this in future. Lots of people will be benefited from your writing. Fiona Ferguson May 25th, 2017 Reply What i do not understood is actually how you’re not really much more well-liked than you might be right now. You’re so intelligent. You realize therefore significantly relating to this subject, made me personally consider it from a lot of varied angles. Its like women and men aren’t fascinated unless it’s one thing to accomplish with Lady gaga! Your own stuffs outstanding. Always maintain it up! Harry Springer May 25th, 2017 Reply Hey! I know this is kind of off topic but I was wondering if you knew where I could get a captcha plugin for my comment form? I’m using the same blog platform as yours and I’m having problems finding one? Thanks a lot! Anne Mackay May 26th, 2017 Reply Wonderful beat ! I wish to apprentice while you amend your site, how could i subscribe for a blog website? The account aided me a acceptable deal. I had been tiny bit acquainted of this your broadcast offered bright clear concept Maria Manning May 26th, 2017 Reply I am not rattling superb with English but I line up this rattling easy to understand. Lisa Gibson May 26th, 2017 Reply Great post! We are linking to this particularly great article on our website. Keep up the great writing. Kevin Baker May 26th, 2017 Reply great issues altogether, you just gained a new reader. What might you suggest about your put up that you made a few days ago? Any sure? Benjamin Dyer May 27th, 2017 Reply Hey there, You’ve done a fantastic job. I’ll definitely digg it and personally recommend to my friends. I am sure they’ll be benefited from this website. Dorothy Kerr May 27th, 2017 Reply Hello there, just became alert to your blog through Google, and found that it’s truly informative. I am going to watch out for brussels. I’ll be grateful if you continue this in future. A lot of people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers! Jane Bower May 27th, 2017 Reply I do love the way you have framed this difficulty and it does present us a lot of fodder for thought. However, from everything that I have seen, I just trust when the actual responses pack on that people continue to be on issue and in no way embark upon a soap box of the news du jour. Anyway, thank you for this excellent piece and though I can not concur with this in totality, I respect the point of view. Lillian Rutherford May 27th, 2017 Reply YouTube movies are well-known in whole globe, since it is the biggest video sharing web site, and I turn out to be too cheerful by watching YouTube videos. Andrea Anderson May 28th, 2017 Reply Unquestionably believe that that you said. Your favourite reason seemed to be on the internet the simplest thing to be mindful of. I say to you, I certainly get irked while other people consider worries that they just do not recognize about. You managed to hit the nail upon the top and also outlined out the entire thing without having side-effects , other folks can take a signal. Will likely be again to get more. Thank you Anne Greene May 28th, 2017 Reply Everything is very open with a precise description of the issues. It was truly informative. Your website is very useful. Thank you for sharing! Alexander Baker May 29th, 2017 Reply Heya outstanding blog! Does running a blog such aas this take a lot of work? I have no knowledge of programming hokwever I had been hoping too start my own blog in the near future. Anyhow, shouyld yyou have any recommendations or technikques for new blog owners please share. I know this is off subject nevertheless I simply needed tto ask. Appreciate it! Jonathan Russell May 29th, 2017 Reply I’m still learning from you, but I’m improving myself. I certainly enjoy reading all that is written on your blog.Keep the stories coming. I enjoyed it! Diana Fisher May 29th, 2017 Reply I have noticed that costs for on-line degree pros tend to be a terrific value. For instance a full Bachelor’s Degree in Communication with the University of Phoenix Online consists of 60 credits at $515/credit or $30,900. Also American Intercontinental University Online offers a Bachelors of Business Administration with a full program requirement of 180 units and a tuition fee of $30,560. Online degree learning has made having your diploma been so detailed more than before because you may earn your current degree in the comfort in your home and when you finish working. Thanks for all the tips I’ve learned through the site. Frank Coleman May 29th, 2017 Reply This internet site is my intake, really great layout and Perfect written content. Charles Allan May 30th, 2017 Reply Hi! This is my 1st comment here so I just wanted to give a quick shout out and tell you I genuinely enjoy reading through your posts. Can you recommend any other blogs/websites/forums that go over the same topics? Thanks! Eric Rampling May 30th, 2017 Reply It’s actually a cool and helpful piece of info. I am glad that you shared this helpful info with us. Please keep us up to date like this. Thanks for sharing. Anne Carr May 30th, 2017 Reply I have been examinating out some of your stories and i must say clever stuff. I will surely bookmark your site. Peter Vaughan May 30th, 2017 Reply You could certainly see your expertise within the paintings you write. The sector hopes for even more passionate writers such as you who are not afraid to mention how they believe. All the time go after your heart. Owen Robertson May 31st, 2017 Reply Good day! Do you use Twitter? I’d like to follow you if that would be ok. I’m definitely enjoying your blog and look forward to new posts. Nicholas Blake May 31st, 2017 Reply I in addition to my guys have already been checking out the excellent advice on your web blog while all of a sudden I got an awful feeling I never expressed respect to the site owner for those techniques. All of the women appeared to be totally very interested to read through them and already have sincerely been having fun with them. Thanks for truly being very kind and then for opting for certain ideal tips millions of individuals are really eager to discover. My honest apologies for not expressing appreciation to earlier. Robert McDonald June 1st, 2017 Reply whoah this blog is excellent i love studying your posts. Keep up the good paintings! You already know, many persons are looking round for this information, you could help them greatly. POST A COMMENT. Cancel reply WordPress spam blocked by CleanTalk. 1 400 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Latest Tweets News: VP camps fears politics in impeach try. #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/og4hU84FXH 2 months ago Our Branded Pinoy for the week featuring Zarrah Jane Amagan a.k.a The Bandwagon Chic - The… https://t.co/FDQj1iItPi 2 months ago Breaking News: UAE joins WWF's Earth Hour. ❤ #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/IZvMOgPoyA 2 months ago Breaking News: Hail Storm hit Dubai. Keep safe everyone! 🙏🏻 #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai… https://t.co/Alxk1eU5ww 2 months ago Trouble sleeping in UAE? You are not alone. Read the full article at our latest issue of… https://t.co/m7tBxP57Ri 2 months ago Break Guinness World Records at Ramadan Night Market June 3, 2017 128 Two hours of amazing Dubai drama June 3, 2017 137 Supporters to wait longer for Duterte’s UAE visit June 3, 2017 132 June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   About Us Careers Contact Us Privacy Policy Stay Connected RSS Feed Mobile Alerts Back to top. NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Search Search Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Name Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest 6.1.17: Your morning briefing 6.2.17: Your morning briefing 5.31.17: Your morning briefing 5.30.17: Your morning briefing 5.26.17: Your morning briefing search goes here 6.1.17: Your morning briefing By Daniel Wolfe John Adams Published June 01 2017, 8:34am EDT More in Briefing Print Email Reprints Share Share on Welcome to the PaymentsSource Morning Briefing, delivered daily. The information you need to start your day, including top headlines from PaymentsSource and around the Web: Google tightens its phishing net: Phishing emails are designed to be convincing duplicates of emails from banks and other sources, but they aren't fooling Google. The tech giant claims its machine-learning models detect spam and phishing emails with 99.9 percent accuracy, according to TechCrunch. It does so by combining several processes: It detects malicious links via Google Safe Browsing integration, delays suspicious Gmail messages for extra analysis (about 0.05 percent of its total volume), adds warnings when people click a suspicious link on an email that got through, and can warn business customers when they begin corresponding with unfamiliar recipients, the article states. Despite these advances, phishing remains a major threat; Verizon reports 81% of hacking-related breaches used stolen passwords, and 51% used malware. IMAGE: Bloomberg News Distributed ledgers do better in Singapore than Canada: Shortly after Canada decided distributed ledger technology isn't ready to support interbank payments, the technology received a boost in Singapore where a similar project is moving ahead after tests. Project Ubin is a collaboration between the Monetary Authority of Singapore, a group of banks and the blockchain initiative R3 to determine how DLT can be used for clearing and settlement. The first six week of the test were deemed a success, reports Finextra. Ubin is now in its second phase, using DLT to power fixed income security trading and conducting cross-border payments via a central bank digital currency. Amazon's $70M in-app payment: Since the dawn of the mobile app store, companies have had a hard time striking the right balance between security and convenience for in-app sales. Amazon is the latest company to pay up for its mistakes, offering to refund up to $70 million to parents whose kids conducted unauthorized in-app purchases, Ars Technica reports. The offer stems from a years-long court case initiated by the FTC, which sued Amazon in 2014 over concerns that the company's Kindle Fire OS did not implement parental controls by default, leading to in-app purchases of up to $99.99 that did not require a password. Amazon isn't alone in paying a price for its in-app payment policies; in 2011, Apple tightened its own policies after reports that a Smurfs' Village iPhone game allowed kids to buy up to $99.99 in virtual smurfberries without being prompted for a password. Apple also faced a complaint from the FTC, and settled in 2014 with an agreement to refund $32 million to consumers; Google agreed to a $19 million settlement with the FTC the same year over similar allegations. Tube drinks: The energy drink Lucozade is embedding contactless chips on the bottom of its bottles, which can be used to access the Oxford Circus Underground station in London. Commuters are given the drinks as they enter the station, According to IPM. The deployment is part of a marketing collaboration between the drink company and Transport for London, and demonstrates contactless payments are common enough in London to be a basic part of a publicity stunt. The technology gained traction for transit payments as early as 2013 and has accelerated since, adding wearable payment technology for fares and partnering with transportation technology company Cubic to export contactless transportation payments to other countries. Steals on wheels: As more payment networks and tech companies work to embed payments into Internet-connected cars, it's worth noting that onboard vehicle systems are as vulnerable as any other computer. Recently, members of the Tijuana-based Hooligans motorcycle club were indicted for allegedly using a compromised database to create duplicate keys for Jeeps, and are suspected of stealing 150 of the vehicles from the San Diego area over the course of several years, the San Diego Tribune reports. The alleged theft involved disabling the vehicle's alarm and then using a computer to program a valid key to operate the vehicle. The risk of theft is just one of the many concerns of bringing payments to connected cars; there are also issues around user experience design, driver distraction, voice controls and whether to limit certain interactions to when the car is parked. From the Web Phone Scams Seeking Utility Payments Rise in Vermont U.S. News & World Report | Thu Jun 1, 2017 - Vermont's attorney general and power companies are warning residents about phone scammers seeking utility payments and how to avoid being duped. They say the scammers pretending to be utilities call homes and businesses demanding payment for electricity with a credit card, prepaid card or money order. Utilities say these types of scams are on the rise in Vermont. Mobile Wallet Paytm Hits Pay Dirt Amid India's Cash Crackdown Fox Business | Wed May 31, 2017 - India's second-most-valuable startup, the mobile-payments app Paytm, has a new target after proving itself more popular than credit cards. The company's boast isn't a stretch, given India's crackdown on cash over the past six months has left citizens and merchants searching for cashless payment alternatives. Paytm has seized the opportunity and become the market leader through timely partnerships, simplifying the app's process and dispatching an army of up to 10,000 trainers to reach out to the tiny shops that dominate the Indian economy. Fintech goes to Washington: Regulators, financial firms discuss wave of future The Hill | Wed May 31, 2017 - The FinTech Innovation Lab’s (FIL) new regulator-in-residence, former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Treasury Jonah Crane, is attempting to answer these questions for the FIL cohort. Crane’s expertise enables companies in the lab to identify and develop strategies to address potential regulatory and policy issues. More from PaymentsSource Fingerprint security's strong, but it still needs help Mastercard is among the payment companies to embrace a new advancement in credit card security, biometric fingerprint scanners. JetBlue to test facial recognition JetBlue Airways Corp. plans to test facial-recognition technology to match travelers to passport or visa photos, adding to efforts by other carriers to eliminate the need for boarding passes. U.S. Bank’s Voyager fuel card to support electric vehicle charging The use case for U.S. Bank’s Voyager fuel card is expanding to cover electric vehicle charging through a new partnership. Verified by Visa transitions to 3-D Secure 2.0 Visa plans to support 3-D Secure 2.0 in an upcoming enhancement to its Verified by Visa service, giving merchants and issuers real time accurate customer authentication of cardholders and a superior end user checkout experience. Daniel Wolfe Daniel Wolfe is editor in chief at PaymentsSource and a contributing editor at American Banker. More from this Author 5.31.17: Your morning briefing 5.26.17: Your morning briefing 5.23.17: Your morning briefing John Adams John Adams is Executive Editor of PaymentsSource. More from this Author France's new mobile wallet scraps an old way of thinking GTCR buying Sage U.S. unit to develop small-biz integrated payments 6.2.17: Your morning briefing Comments Login or Subscribe Get us in your inbox Sign up for Payments Update CardLine Compliance Investment Merchant Technology Wallet Morning Briefing PayThink ISO & Agent Weekly Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Subscribe PaymentsSource About Us Contact Us Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Subscription Agreement Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land New launch Google Attribution hopes to kick last-click attribution to the curb Inside Program Two social media heavyweights show us Amazon Influencers Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home CMO Zone Get the most important digital marketing news each day. Report: Apple’s Siri-powered virtual assistant could be announced next week The smart speaker will need to be more than just a 'me-too' device to succeed. Greg Sterling on June 1, 2017 at 8:26 am More Apple might announce its long-rumored Siri-powered smart speaker during the company’s annual developer conference next week, according to a Bloomberg report. If true, the Apple speaker will compete with similar devices from Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Andy Rubin’s company Essential and others. According to the report: The iPhone-maker has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple could debut the speaker as soon as its annual developer conference in June, but the device will not be ready to ship until later in the year, the people said. The device will differ from Amazon.com Inc.’s Echo and Alphabet Inc.’s Google Home speakers by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with Apple’s product lineup, said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss products that aren’t yet public. The move is largely defensive, given the head start Amazon (especially) and Google have with their devices. According to third-party data compiled by Mary Meeker and Kleiner Perkins, Amazon is approaching an installed base of 12 million Alexa devices in the US. Source: Kleiner Perkins, data compiled from third party sources (incl. CIRP) Each of these virtual assistants is part of a larger ecosystem play. The platform to which consumers pledge their loyalty has implications for their future hardware and content purchases. As Bloomberg points out, “[T]he Home and Echo mostly don’t support services from Apple. Without compatible hardware, users may be more likely to opt for the Echo or Home, and therefore use streaming music offerings such as Spotify, Amazon Prime Music or Google Play rather than Apple Music.” Bloomberg also reports that Apple employees have been testing the new devices in their homes since late last year. The Apple speaker apparently does not include a touchscreen. Amazon recently introduced the Echo Show, featuring a substantial screen. In the battle for developers’ hearts and minds, this will be another point of distribution for Apple. Last year Apple opened up Siri and Maps to third-party developers. The same back-end integrations could be used here to create voice apps or skills (whichever term you prefer) for the Siri speaker. Differentiation is apparently to come from better sound quality and Apple HomeKit integration. That may not be enough. There are many Apple fans and loyalists poised to buy such a device — price will be a factor for the mass audience — but it will need to be not just a “me-too” product or it will lose out to Amazon’s aggressive pricing (for Echo dot) or Google Home’s broader search-enabled capabilities. About The Author Greg Sterling Greg Sterling is a Contributing Editor at Search Engine Land. He writes a personal blog, Screenwerk, about connecting the dots between digital media and real-world consumer behavior. He is also VP of Strategy and Insights for the Local Search Association. Follow him on Twitter or find him at Google+. Popular Stories The future (and present) of programmatic TV Streaming social: What marketers can learn from Netflix’s social strategy 9 ways to sell on social media 6 Inbound Marketing Techniques Every Business Should Use Related Topics AppleApple: iOSApple: SiriChannel: CMO ZoneGadgets Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers 9 Pitfalls to Scaling Enterprise Content and How to Avoid Them 5 Ways to Fail at Marketing to Tech Users The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Gavin Phillips This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Nancy Messieh Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Android Entertainment Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Dan Price June 1, 2017 01-06-2017 5 minutes Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email The days of using a portable CD player connected to a tape cassette in your car’s audio system are long gone. Today’s smartphones can sync with your in-car entertainment system, letting you browse apps, receive calls, play music, and a whole lot more. Some car manufacturers offer their own proprietary systems, but the two leading products are Android Auto What Is Android Auto And How Can You Get It? What Is Android Auto And How Can You Get It? Android Auto generated a lot of buzz at CES this year, but what exactly is it and how can you get your hands on it? Let's examine it. Read More and Apple CarPlay. But which is the best product? Which has the most features? Which is the most useful to drivers? In this piece, I’m going to compare the two systems. By the end, you’ll have a clear understanding of the pros and cons of the two competing systems. Availability Apple CarPlay first became available in March 2014. Android Auto followed almost exactly a year later. At first, both systems had a select number of “launch partners,” but as time has passed, they’ve become available in more and more new cars. In fact, lots of cars now offer both systems. It’s a great development if you’re heavily tied into either the Android or iOS ecosystem. You won’t have to choose your car based on which operating system you use. However, if you have both devices (e.g. an Android phone and an iPad), you’ve got a decision to make. You’ll find Android Auto and CarPlay in select 2016/17 models from Audi, Cadillac, Chevrolet, Chrysler, Dodge, Fiat, Ford, Honda, Hyundai, Jeep, Kia, Lexus, Mazda, Mercedes, Mitsubishi, Nissan, Renault, SEAT, Subaru, Suzuki, Volkswagen, Volvo, and more. Interface The two systems take very different approaches to their user interface. Android Auto largely ditches the mobile operating system, though some aspects of the design remain. Along the bottom of the screen, you’ll see a horizontal navigation bar. Unlike the mobile OS, which only includes three buttons on the bar, Android Auto has five tabs. By default, the tabs take you to the navigation screen, the phone, the home screen, audio output, and manufacturer apps. If you’re running a third-party app, the app can overtake some of the tabs for in-app navigation. When you’re not using apps, the screen itself is card-based. The home screen works with Google Now to give you a live feed of possible routes, traffic updates, and weather updates. It’ll even monitor your email box to see if you need directions to a meeting or the airport. Double-tapping the audio button lists all the compatible audio apps in card form. In contrast, CarPlay is derived from iOS. Anyone who has spent any time using Apple’s mobile operating system will be instantly familiar with how it appears. It’s essentially an enlarged version of the iOS home screen, complete with square app icons and home button. CarPlay is functional and navigating apps while driving is smooth. But it’s not as pleasing to the eye as the Android system, nor does it have the helpful live updates provided by Android Auto. Navigation Before looking at how the two systems compare, it’s worth noting that neither Android Auto nor CarPlay come close to replicating a dedicated GPS device such as Garmin’s range of products. Neither displays your speed in-app, and neither shows you the location of speed cameras or police checkpoints. Unsurprisingly, Android Auto relies on Google Maps for its navigation service. As such, it keeps you updated with live traffic reports and will let you know if a better route appears while you’re on the road. In contrast, Apple’s system uses Apple Maps. The problems Apple Maps has faced Is Apple Maps a Reliable Navigator Yet? Is Apple Maps a Reliable Navigator Yet? After replacing Google's navigation, Apple Maps endured a rocky start, heaps of criticism and some very funny jokes – but has all been forgiven? Read More are well documented, and although things have improved, it’s still way behind its rival. You’re also locked into Apple Maps. There’s no easy way to make CarPlay use Google Maps, even if the app is installed on your phone. Finally, some users have claimed CarPlay is not as reliable at locating heavy traffic and rerouting you as Google Maps is. Garmin nüvi 57LM Handheld/Fixed 5" TFT Touchscreen 180.1g Black - navigators (SSD, Battery, Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), AC, USB, TFT, MicroSD (TransFlash)) Garmin nüvi 57LM Handheld/Fixed 5" TFT Touchscreen 180.1g Black - navigators (SSD, Battery, Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), AC, USB, TFT, MicroSD (TransFlash)) Foursquare - Search millions of additional new and popular restaurants, shops and more with Foursquare Buy Now At Amazon Voice Control Once again, it should come as no surprise to learn that both Google and Apple have put their proprietary voice assistants at the center of their systems. The two companies (correctly) believe that talking to your system when you want to play a song, change the radio channel, or make a call is a lot safer than looking away from the road to tap the car audio system’s display. Android Auto relies on the “OK Google” keyword Why Every Android User Needs to Be Using "OK Google" Why Every Android User Needs to Be Using "OK Google" The "OK Google" command is extremely useful, but lots of Android users aren't even taking advantage of it. Here's to make the best of it! Read More . You can use it to control the entire system, including Google Maps navigation and third-party audio apps like Spotify. Apple has deployed Siri, and like OK Google, you can use it to navigate the system. Both systems also allow you to dictate messages using your voice, but CarPlay only supports Apple’s default SMS app. Android Auto works with WhatsApp, Skype, Telegram, Hangouts, and more. Old Cars Clearly, most people aren’t going to shell out several thousand dollars on a new car just to get Android Auto and CarPlay. What options are available to people with old cars? You could buy a third-party radio that supports the two systems, but in December 2016, Android Auto made the app available to everyone Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Auto is Google's special app for using your phone in the car, and it's now available on every phone. Here's what you can do with it, and how to set it up. Read More . In practice, it means you can download the app, place your phone in a dashboard mount, connect the phone to your stereo using Bluetooth, and use the app in the same way as if it was casting to your in-car system. The app will start automatically when it detects your car’s Bluetooth connection, and the screen instantly changes to replicate the in-car version of the system. Only the most important features of your phone (such as directions, music, and messaging) will be available. At the time of writing, CarPlay does not have a comparable feature. Audio Because developers have to recode their apps to work with the two systems, the list of compatible apps has been slow to grow. Nonetheless, a couple of years after their launch, both now boast a healthy list of common audio apps. Android Auto arguably has slight the upper hand: it supports Spotify, Google Play Music, Deezer, TuneIn Radio, Slacker Radio, BeyondPod, Audiobooks.com, Player FM, Amazon Music, and Audible. CarPlay offers Spotify and Apple Music, Stitcher, Overcast, iHeartRadio, Pandora, and a few more. Do You Use Android Auto or CarPlay? As the two systems start to mature, it’s becoming apparent they both offer a window into the future of driving How Close Are We to Self-Driving Cars Being Available? How Close Are We to Self-Driving Cars Being Available? Read More . The two companies are both working on self-driving cars How Self-Driving Cars Will Change Transportation Forever How Self-Driving Cars Will Change Transportation Forever As we move into 2015, the question is no longer whether self-driving cars will replace manually driven cars, but how quickly they'll take over. Read More , so it might not be long until Android Auto and CarPlay underpin almost everything we do inside the car. But at the moment, you’ll have to settle for their two main functions: navigation and playing music. Have you used Android Auto or CarPlay? Which features have you found to be the most useful? Or are these unnecessary gimmicks that detract from the driving experience? You can leave all your feedback and thoughts in the comments section below. Previous PostHow to Search for Text in Any Mobile BrowserNext Post10 Simple Spotify Tips You Really Need to Know 4 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Cal June 2, 2017 at 11:42 am I have used Android Auto on my phone for several years. Now I'm fortunate to have it you integrated into my new Ford C-MAX Energi and am thrilled at how it works with both the cars steering wheel voice command paddle or "ok Google" prompt. Ok Google, "play smooth jazz" or "call home" or "navigate to the closed Dunkin Donuts" or "text my wife that I'll be home in 30 minutes"! That all work flawlessly using normal speech and phrases. Android Auto is the only one that supports hands free texting. Reply mary June 2, 2017 at 2:30 am My husband uses Car play almost daily for his job. His work phone is an iPhone. I have an Android and use Android auto and I find the navigation (the voice itself as well) to be much better. I also like all the updates listed. My husband is used to carplay so I think it doesn't bother him. Reply Bob June 1, 2017 at 6:32 pm In summary, do you have an iphone (use carplay) or an android phone (use android auto) Reply JC Ripley June 1, 2017 at 3:12 pm Android Auto wins simply for the accuracy of the voice assistance and Google Maps. Apple Carplay feels like a beta version and locking out Google maps is a big mistake. I chose my phone partly based on Android Auto over Carplay. Reply Dan Price 419 articles Dan is a British expat living in Mexico. He is currently the Creative Editor for MakeUseOf and was formerly the Finance Editor. Prior to his writing career he was a Financial Consultant. He holds various certifications from the University of Leeds, the University of Cambridge, and the Chartered Insurance Institute.… Advertisement Latest Giveaways GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Advertisement Trending Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Android Entertainment Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right… Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You… This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Advertisement Related Articles How to Easily Transfer All Your Data to a New Android Device Android How to Easily Transfer All Your Data to a New Android Device How to Master Default Apps and Deep Linking on Android Android How to Master Default Apps and Deep Linking on Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us Search for: Monday 05 June Monday 05 June Follow @vanguardngrnews Vanguard News A Nigerian newspaper and Online version of the Vanguard, a daily publication in Nigeria covering Niger delta, general national news, politics, business, energy, sports, entertainment, fashion,lifestyle human interest stories, etc Search for: Home News Headlines Sports Politics Business Finance Tech Motoring Entertainment Allure Videos Editorial Viewpoint Forum Jobs Columns Sports Bassey People & Politics Rational Perspectives Broken Links Article of Faith Tuesday Platform Pini Jason Talking Point Hakeem Baba-Ahmad For Crying Out Loud People & Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Sweet and Sour My Layman’s View Onochie Anibeze Tonye Princewill Crisp Shots The Passing Scene Soul Kate Stomach Democracy Sunday Perspectives My World Frankly Speaking The Orbit The Spectrum Nigeria Today Vista Woman Voice of Reason Moment to Moment Article of Faith Relationships More Breaking News Translate Home » News » Biafra, Democracy Day dominate Google search Biafra, Democracy Day dominate Google search On June 1, 20172:01 pmIn News by TonyComments Nigerians took to Google during the week to know more about Biafra and the history of democracy in Africa’s most populous nation. Google’s Spokesman Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade made the announcement in Lagos on Thursday. Kola-Ogunlade, who is Google’s Communications and Public Affairs Manager for Anglophone West Africa, said the searches were apparently to know more about Biafra. Some groups observed a sit-at-home protest on May 30, to commemorate the 50th anniversary since the Biafra uprising ended. Kola-Ogunlade said that Nigerians searched for Democracy Day, Biafra News, Biafra Day, Tiger Woods, Ernesto Valverde and Paul Pogba in the search engine. According to him, a group, the Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) has rejected May 29 as Nigeria’s Democracy Day, describing it as fraudulent, unrealistic and escapist. “The group asked the Federal Government to declare June 12 as Democracy Day instead. “May 29 was chosen by the last military regime of Gen. Abdul Salaam Abubakar. “Nigerian researched more on the topic on Google search using the terms: ‘when is democracy day in Nigeria.’ The spokesman said that Nigerians also searched for: “why do we celebrate democracy day in Nigeria. “History of democracy day in Nigeria and democracy day 2017”. The searches commenced on May 25 and ended on May 31. Kola-Ogunlade said there was total shutdown in Nigeria’s South East on May 30, following the Indigenous People of Biafra’s sit-at-home order. He said that the order was to mark the 50th anniversary of the declaration of the defunct Republic of Biafra and also to honour heroes and heroines of the liberation struggle. The Google chief said that the sit-at-home order was totally complied with in the five states in the South East. Kola-Ogunlade explained that people searched Google using terms such as ‘Biafra news today’, ‘Biafra latest news’, ‘radio Biafra news’ and ‘radio Biafra’. The spokesman said that Golf superstar, Tiger Woods’ arrest and charge for Driving Under the Influence (DUI) by the police in Florida on May 29 also trended on Google. He said that the former golf world number one had to deal with a fresh blow as he struggled to resurrect his career. “Nigerians went on Google to search for ‘Tiger Woods net worth’, ‘Tiger Woods arrested’, ‘Tiger Woods news’, ‘DUI’ and ‘Serena Williams’. The Google chief said that Barcelona FC President, Josep Bartomeu, on May 29 officially confirmed the appointment of Ernesto Valverde as the club’s new head coach, replacing Luis Enrique. Kola-Ogunlade said that sports fanatics Googled ‘Ernesto Valverde profile’, ‘Barcelona’, ‘Who is Ernesto Valverde’ and ‘Barcelona new coach.’ He also said that Paul Pogba’s visit to Mecca to give thanks for a good season trended on Google. “Paul Pogba visited Islam’s holiest city, Mecca this week to pray and offer his appreciation for a successful season with Manchester United and to mark the beginning of Ramadan. “Nigerians visited Google to search ‘Paul Pogba religion’, ‘Is Paul pogba a Muslim’, ‘Paul Pogba profile’ and ‘Paul Pogba biography’,” Kola-Ogunlade said. Google Trends launched in May, 2006, allows one to see how popular search terms and their demography have been overtime on the search engine.   Tony View all posts by Tony → Previous Post Breaking: Nigerians, others to pay £5.48 for UK visa email Next Post My wife has attempted suicide with kerosene, belt, others Disclaimer Comments expressed here do not reflect the opinions of vanguard newspapers or any employee thereof. Latest News 3:11 amCattle seller, herbalist arrested over kidnapping: Apprentice lures master’s son out of Church with ice cream 3:10 amC-River cultivates biggest forest in West Africa 3:10 amPolice arrest 2, deploy 200 officers to Ebonyi, C’River boundary communities 3:08 am2 die in Owerri robberies 3:07 amPolice nab kidnapper, 2 robbery suspects in Delta 3:07 amDelta Commissioner’s wife kidnapped 3:06 amStopping gas flaring’ll boost Nigeria’s revenue — NNPC 3:06 amLeaked tape: Adeyemi asks NJC, DSS, others to probe Melaye, judge 3:05 amKing Diete-Spiff, Monalisa Chinda get Garden City Advancement Awards 2:43 amASeM: NSE should increase engagement with SMEs – Kurfi 2:06 amPPPRA failed to remit N167bn to FERMA — Gaya 1:34 amSterling Bank, LEAP Africa move to boost capacity of young CEOs 12:59 amOTODO-GBAME DEMOLITION: 2 victims buried amid tears 12:54 amMy mother was a disciplinarian, says Obanikoro 12:54 amOshodi: Lagos arrests warring NURTW, RTEAN factional leaders 12:46 amFIRS introduces 6 online tax solutions 12:43 amFailure to implement Guaranteed Minimum Pension (GMP) undermines the Pension Reform Act — Apere View All Sponsored Study at Scotland Top University! Meet a University Representative from Dundee in Abuja.  Places are still open to students for September 2017 start at University of Dundee. You can take advantage of our genero... Warning to Men: These 3 Foods is killing your Erection. how to permanently cure premature ejaculation, weak erection and other sexual dysfuntions. last longer in bed men only: forget viagra,this herbal solution cure weak erection and help last 30minutes on bed Editorial Benin police brutality unacceptable Citizen Kester Edun’s recent ordeal in the hands of some policemen in Benin City, Edo State, came across like a scene fr... Return of Ebola and the need for vigilance Osinbajo should sign the budget without delay Need to address budget, MTEF structural distortion Most Commented New Biafra: Kanu only forming political movement in Nigeria, Uwazurike knows it’s impossible - Tanko Yaksai438 Hegemony: What the Igbo can learn from Yoruba and Fulani about power - Reno614 Buhari would be returning to Nigeria before June 11th - Kalu100 How to deal with Biafra - Prof. Ango Abdullahi576 Outrage as Trump targets London mayor over attacks27 Without Biafra there will be no difference between an animal, a black person - Namadi Kanu615 Biafra: How Nigerian military escaped IPOB/MASSOB ambush – Army132 Videos Video: Problems we have with the power sector – Ben Bruce Energized Yoga Flow part 2 Without Biafra there will be no difference between an animal, a black person – Nnamdi Kanu Runtown teams up with Dj Khaled on new monster hit single ‘Money Bag’ Trending I.N.C.R.E.D.I.B.L.E! Why released Chibok school girls can’t speak English UNBELIVEBLE! This is certainly how it would sound to many people. How could it have been true, others may ask. REVEALED: Untold story of sacked Lagos Govt House Chaplain Biafra my way E-editions #Vanguardtraffic Wife sleeps with husband’s typist A 65-year-old man on Friday told an Ibadan Customary Court, sitting in Agodi, how his wife of 38 years committed adulter... My World Chilling Chibok stories we should never forget As a parent, I rejoice with the parents of the 82 Chibok girls who were freed recently. As a Nigerian, I commend and app... Read More Oil & Gas Summiteer Memo to Osinbajo: Nigeria’s refineries enigmas It takes courage to admit mistakes. It is ones wish to commend the Federal Government for a soft pedal on modular refine... Read More Emissary Igbo presidents and Yoruba Chief Justices Those who think that the South must continue to play second fiddle in the scheme of things must be told the truth: There... Read More Nigeria Today Enough of Military/ Police clashes Exactly six years ago, this writer and a few colleagues on account of ‘security reasons’ had to cancel a trip to the Adm... Read More Sunday Perspectives The anatomy of Caliphate colonialism (3) That said, it is a classic case of human fallibility that two world class political philosophers, Dr. Nnamdi Azikiwe and... Read More The Orbit Bede Okigbo: The last of the trinity Three Okigbos startled the world in the 20th century: Pius, the economist, the poet Christopher, and Bede, plant patholo... Sweet Crude Education Environment Motoring Metro Interview Labour Law & Human Rights Bus Stop Parliament Crime Guard Crime Alert Homes & Property Investors Forum Insurance and You Features Worship Conference Hall Life Style Health Travel & Tourism Human Angle Is It Beyond Pardon? The Arts Tummy Talk Woman Columns Monday Sport Bassey People And Politics Rational Perspectives Sobowale on Business Broken Links Owei Lakemfa Tuesday Femi Aribisala Dispatches from America Wednesday Talking Point For Crying Out Loud Tip of a New Dawn Thursday People Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Friday Sweet Sour Lipstick Owei Lakemfa Saturday The Passing Scene My World Frank & Fair Marriage & Family Oil & Gas Summiteer Bits & Pieces Sunday Frankly Speaking Sunday Perspectives Nigeria Today The Orbit Outside Looking In Joyful Homes Article of Faith © 2017 Vanguard Media Limited, Nigeria Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Google beefs up Gmail security to fight phishing attempts Engadget UK Mallory Locklear 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL May under fire for track record of ‘broken promises’ Charles called his marriage to Diana a 'Greek tragedy' © Provided by Engadget UK Google has just added a bunch of new security features in order to protect Gmail users from spam and phishing messages. Though they didn't say as much, the bumped-up protection is likely in response to the phishing scam that went around earlier this month. The attack peddled a bogus Google Docs file in attempts to gain access to users' Gmail accounts. Google took measures to boost its security shortly after the incident, but the features announced today go even further. First, Google has implemented a machine learning model to keep spam out of your inbox and to better detect phishing messages. The company estimates that between 50 and 70 percent of Gmail messages are spam and the new system blocks them with 99.9 percent accuracy. The machine learning system works with Google Safe Browsing to selectively delay emails (less than 0.05 percent of them) for added phishing analyses. It then generates URL click-time warnings for suspicious links. Additionally, G Suite users trying to reply to someone outside of their company will get a warning asking if they really want to send the message. But users' existing and regular contacts will be picked up by Gmail so you're not bugged with excessive warnings. Finally, Google also announced improved detection of malicious attachments in order to keep out sneaky ransomware and malware pushes, saying, maybe a little dramatically, "While the bad guys never rest, neither do we." Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from Engadget UK Zepp phone apps use AI to study your basketball shots Engadget UK Android exploit adds secret, thieving layers to your phone Engadget UK Samsung's cheaper, cuter Gear 360 cam arrives May 25th Engadget UK Engadget UK View the Full Site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Android Pay Desktop Payments May Be Possible One Day By Adnan Farooqui on 06/01/2017 05:02 PDT Android Pay is strictly a mobile-only payment platform at this point in time but Google isn’t ruling out the possibility of enabling users to make payments on desktop machines using Android Pay. This was revealed by Spencer Spinnell, Google’s director fo emerging platforms, during a press conference in which the company announced the launch of Android Pay in Canada. Spinnell said that Google aims to eventually enable Android Pay users to use this service for desktop browser payments as well. Spinnell mentioned that a lot of work is going on with the standards body, the WC3, and that they’ve partnered on an open standard called Payment Request. “We absolutely want to bring seamless transactions to chrome and frankly to all browsers,” Spinnell told reporters, adding that in the future, an Android Pay user will effectively be able to use their credential everywhere, regardless of whether it’s a desktop or mobile device. At this point in time, though, Google is “very focused on the mobile context,” he said. So it seems that Android Pay is going to remain a mobile-only payment platform in the short term but Google is working behind-the-scenes to eventually enable users to rely on Android Pay for desktop payments as well. It’s too soon to say right now when that’s going to happen since the company itself is not providing a timeframe for desktop compatibility. Filed in General. Read more about Android Pay and Google. Related Articles 2017-05-24 Android Pay Canada Launch Due May 31st 2017-05-24 PayPal Android Pay Integration Live 2017-05-18 Android Pay Not Working With Android O Beta 2017-05-07 Android Pay Loyalty Program Authentication To Use Facial Recognition 2017-04-18 PayPal Will Soon Work With Android Pay 2017-04-12 Android Pay Gets Deeper Integration With Some Mobile Banking Apps Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Election 2017 Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All Tech All Tech Science Phones & Gadgets Gaming NOW THAT'S A GOOGLE STREET VIEW! Google files plans for incredible ‘groundscraper’ headquarters in London’s King’s Cross Gigantic 11 storey building will feature one million square feet of space and house 7,000 employees By Jasper Hamill 1st June 2017, 1:14 pm Updated: 1st June 2017, 4:18 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments GOOGLE has filed plans for an incredible “groundscraper” headquarters in London’s King’s Cross. The massive building will feature a running track on the roof, basketball courts, an Olympic swimming pool and even “pause areas” to allow staff to relax. 12 This artist’s illustration shows the Google HQ viewed from a platform at King’s Cross station 12 The building is known as a ‘groundscraper’ because it sprawls, rather than soars into the sky 12 The roof of the building features a running track for Googlers to keep fit 12 The 11 storey building will offer panoramic views over London The tech giant has submitted an application for planning permission with Camden Council – 18 months after Google boss Larry Page reportedly tore up original plans because he felt they were too dull. It’s hoped construction of the 11-storey, 1 million square foot building will begin in 2018. Joe Borrett, director of real estate and construction at Google, said: “We are excited to be able to bring our London Googlers together in one campus, with a new purpose-built building that we’ve developed from the ground up. 12 King’s Cross was once a rundown part of London famous for drugs and prostitution 12 The area has now been transformed, with the canals turned into beautiful public spaces 12 King’s Cross used to be full of muggers. Now Google is set to install a MUGA (multi use games area) in its HQ 12 Google staff will be able to take a quick dip in an Olympic swimming pool “Our offices and facilities play a key part in shaping the Google culture, which is one of the reasons we are known for being amongst the best places to work in the industry.” More than 7,000 staff will occupy the new HQ, which is the first “wholly owned and designed Google building outside the United States”. Bjarke Ingels, founding partner at the Bjarke Ingels Group architecture firm, said: “Our design for the new Google Campus at King’s Cross is rooted in the local character of the area, taking advantage of the contextually defined building envelope while creating continuously cascading work environments that will connect Googlers across multiple floors. 12 Silicon Valley firms like to make their ‘campuses’ as luxurious as possible – so staff never feel the need to leave 12 This image shows the inside of the Googleplex 12 The Google HQ is its first ‘wholly owned’ building outside the US 12 Google staff will be able to ‘enjoy’ lectures by their bosses and selected speakers MOST READ IN TECH AND SCIENCE TECH IT OUT! From free AirPods for every buyer and rumours of 'leaked photos', these are the latest details for the iPhone 8 WAKE UP LAZY 'BOTS! Robotic aliens are in hibernation and preparing for a dramatic return to our universe, boffins say 'YOU NAUGHTY GOBLIN' Scientists say these bizarre chat-up lines are guaranteed to woo ladies - but we're not convinced Are aliens real? These unsolved space mysteries could PROVE extraterrestrials are out there somewhere 'WE'D LIKE TO HELP' Instagram issues warning about Blue Whale suicide game - but lets users see self harm pics anyway ALL WORK AND NO PLAYSTATION... PS4 games will soon be on smartphones, so you can sneakily play them in the office “By opening up the ground floor and activating the roofscape, the light and airy workspaces are sandwiched between the terraced gardens on the roof – and market halls, auditoria and shops on the ground.” The building has been described as a “groundscraper” because it sprawls rather than soars into the sky. Google was named after a number called the Googol, which is written as the number 1 followed by 100 zeroes. The tech giant’s headquarters in California is known as the Googleplex, which is also a very large number. However, we won’t bother trying to write it out because the American astronomer Carl Sagan estimated that a piece of paper with all the numbers written on it wouldn’t fit into the known universe. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 The Sun Topics Google Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular TRAGIC TOT Newborn baby girl dies after trainee midwife mistakenly monitors MUM'S heart rate instead of the child's News seconds from slaughter ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge terror attack as chilling video shows jihadi killers stalking pubs looking for revellers to slaughter in deadly rampage News 'OLIVIA WOULDN'T WANT US TO CRY' Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester terror victim Olivia Campbell, 15, in front of 50,000 defiant fans before emotional performance with schoolgirl, 12 News DODGING DEATH Tourist reveals he survived London Bridge terror attack by 'ducking and weaving' after being stabbed in the neck News Revealed BRAINWASHED ON YOUTUBE? Ex-Tube worker and Arsenal-supporting family man 'Abz' who tried to radicalise young kids in park 'watched extremist YouTube videos' before London Bridge rampage News body makeover Alex Reid drops ten per cent of his body fat to take part in a bodybuilding competition TV & Showbiz GRANDE GESTURE Ariana Grande changed whole Manchester One Love set list for fan who passed away TV & Showbiz Pictured 'SHE HAD ROOM IN HER HEART FOR EVERYONE' First picture of 'beautiful and loving' Canadian charity worker killed in London Bridge terror attack after moving to Europe to be with her fiancé News Exclusive holiday reading Antonio Conte is spending summer break poring over Chelsea player data... to avoid repeat of Jose Mourinho's disastrous title defence Football Comment DOUGLAS MURRAY Never mind singing John Lennon songs... if we want peace then we need one thing - less Islam News ‘THE WOLVES HAVE AWAKENED’ Sick ISIS thugs celebrate London Bridge terror rampage and call for more attacks News BOUNCER'S BRAVE CHARGE Doorman 'saved countless lives' by pelting jihadis with bottles, glasses and bar stools and driving them into gun cops' sights News PHONIES EXPOSED Hilarious gallery reveals the cheaters who were caught out by some VERY awkward text fails Living Exclusive this gnawing Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield furious after plagues of mice and moths invade This Morning set TV & Showbiz DEAD MEN WALKING London Bridge attack killers filmed striding calmly through market ‘like outlaws from a Western’ News Just Published YOU'LL WANNA CRY Leaked NSA cyber-weapon could spark global hack attack 'on scale of WannaCry', experts fear Tech WAKE UP LAZY 'BOTS! Robotic aliens are in hibernation and preparing for a dramatic return to our universe, boffins say Tech ALL WORK AND NO PLAYSTATION... PS4 games will soon be on smartphones, so you can sneakily play them in the office Tech 'YOU NAUGHTY GOBLIN' Scientists say these bizarre chat-up lines are guaranteed to woo ladies - but we're not convinced Tech LOST IN TRANSLATION Samsung's voice assistant Bixby has been delayed because it 'can't speak English' Tech Especsially exciting Get the lowdown on Snapchat Spectacles as secret vending machine launches in TODAY Tech QUITE A SPECTACLE Sun Online tried out Snapchat's £130 camera-equipped (and imaginatively named) 'Spectacles' at today's UK launch - here's our verdict... Tech THEY'VE CRACKED IT! New 'miracle material' 200 times stronger than steel could spell the end of smashed smartphones Tech Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Pied Piper's New Internet Isn't Just Possible—It's Almost Here subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 7 hours Roboticists may have solved the problems drones run into while flying indoors—with marsupials wrd.cm/2suc0fJ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: HBO Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Klint Finley. Klint Finley Business Date of Publication: 06.01.17. 06.01.17 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am Pied Piper’s New Internet Isn’t Just Possible—It’s Almost Here HBO On HBO’s Silicon Valley, startups promise to “change the world” by tackling silly, often non-existent problems. But this season, the show’s characters are tackling a project that really could. In their latest pivot, Richard Hendricks and the Pied Piper gang are trying to create a new internet that cuts out intermediaries like Facebook, Google, and the fictional Hooli. Their idea: use a peer-to-peer network built atop every smartphone on the planet, effectively rendering huge data centers full of servers unnecessary. “If we could do it we could build a completely decentralized version of our current internet,” Hendricks says. “With no firewalls, no tolls, no government regulation, no spying, information would be totally free in every sense of the word.” Related Stories Cade Metz Bitcoin Will Never Be a Currency—It’s Something Way Weirder Klint Finley The Amazon S3 Outage Is What Happens When One Site Hosts Too Much of the Internet Steven Leckart Mike Judge Skewers Silicon Valley With the Satire of Our Dreams But wait: Isn’t the internet already a decentralized network that no one owns? In theory, yes. But in practice, a small number of enormous companies control or at least mediate so much of the internet. Sure, anyone can publish whatever they want to the web. But without Facebook and Google, will anyone be able to find it? Amazon, meanwhile, controls not just the web’s biggest online store but a cloud computing service so large and important that when part of it went offline briefly earlier this year, the internet itself seemed to go down. Similarly, when hackers attacked the lesser-known company Dyn–now owned by tech giant Oracle–last year, large swaths of the internet came crashing down with it. Meanwhile, a handful of telecommunications giants, including Comcast, Charter, and Verizon, control the market for internet access and have the technical capability to block you from accessing particular sites or apps. In some countries, a single state-owned telco controls internet access completely. Given those very non-utopian realities, people in the real world are also hard at work trying to rebuild the internet in a way that comes closer to the decentralized ideal. They’re still pretty far from Richard’s utopian vision, but it’s already possible to do some of what he describes. Still, it’s not enough to just cut out today’s internet power players. You also need to build a new internet that people will actually want to use. Storage Everywhere On the show, Richard’s plan stems from the realization that just about everyone carries around a smartphone with hundreds of times more computing power than the machines that sent humans to the moon. What’s more, those phones are just sitting in people’s pockets doing nothing for most of the day. Richard proposes to use his fictional compression technology—his big innovation from season one—to free up extra space on people’s phones. In exchange for using the app, users would agree to share some of the space they free up with Pied Piper, who will then resell it to companies for far less than they currently pay giants like Amazon. The closest thing to what’s described on Silicon Valley might be Storj, a decentralized cloud storage company. Much like Pied Piper, Storj has built a network of people who sell their unused storage capacity. If you want to buy space on the Storj network, you upload your files and the company splits them up into smaller pieces, encrypts them so that no one but you can read your data, and then distributes those pieces across its network. “You control your own encryption keys so we have no access to the data,” says co-founder John Quinn. “We have no knowledge of what is being stored.” Also like Pied Piper, Storj bills itself as safer than traditional storage systems, because your files will reside on multiple computers throughout the world. Quinn says that in order to lose a file, 21 out of 40 of the computers hosting it would have to go offline. Storj proves that the Silicon Valley‘s basic idea is feasible. But unlike Pied Piper, Storj doesn’t rely on smartphones. “Phones don’t have much storage and the network capability isn’t great, so the show’s idea is a little fanciful,” says Quinn. Someday, 5G wireless networks might make phones a more viable part of the Storj network. If Richard’s compression algorithm was real, those smaller files will help too. But for now, the Storj network relies primarily on servers, laptops, and desktop computers. The reality is less grand than the HBO fantasy. IPFS As interesting as Storj is, it’s not quite what Richard actually described in his pitch. Storj is a storage service, not a whole new internet. A more ambitious project called IPFS (short for “Interplanetary File System”) is probably a bit closer to Richard’s grand vision of a censorship-resistant internet with privacy features built right in. The idea behind IPFS is to have web browsers store copies of the pages they visit and then do double-duty as web servers. That way, if the original server disappears, the people who visited the page can still share it with the world. Publishers get improved resilience, and readers get to help support the content they care about. With encryption a part of the protocol, criminals and spies can’t in theory see what you’re looking at. Eventually, the IPFS team and a gaggle of other groups hope to make it possible to build interactive apps along the lines of Facebook that don’t require any centralized servers to run. You need to build a new internet that people will actually want to use. But the idea of a building a censorship-proof internet by backing copies up throughout the internet isn’t without its potential problems. Sometimes publishers want to remove old content. IPFS creator Juan Benet told us last year that the project is trying to work out ways to let publishers “recall” pages that are being shared. But that idea is also fraught. What’s to stop a government censor from using the recall feature? What happens if someone creates a version that ignores recalls? Then there are moral and legal risks. Tools like Storj and the venerable peer-to-peer sharing system Freenet make it impossible to know just what content you’re storing for other people, which means you could be playing host to, say, child pornography. Quinn says that the Storj team is currently working on ways to block known problem users. But it won’t be able to completely guarantee that none of its hosts will end up storing illegal content. IPFS gets around this largely by letting people decide which of the content they’ve visited they actually want to share. But this means that less popular content, even if it’s perfectly legal and ethical, might end up disappearing if too few people share it. Benet and company are working on a system called Filecoin that, not unlike Storj, would compensate people for providing access. Even overcoming these trade-offs inherent in decentralization, people may still not want to use these apps. Storj may be able to win over businesses by being cheaper, but even if it is more reliable, the idea of storing data on random machines scattered across the internet instead of in a traditional data center sounds risky compared to, say, the massively robust AWS, backed by Amazon’s technical know-how and billions of dollars. Convincing people to use decentralized alternatives to Facebook and Twitter has proven to be a notoriously difficult problem. Getting people to use what amounts to a whole new version of the web could be even harder. Mesh Even if IPFS, Storj, or one of the countless other decentralized platforms out there do win people over, they’re still technically riding atop the existing internet infrastructure controlled by a shrinking number of telcos. Silicon Valley hasn’t addressed this problem yet. But what if you could chain the smart phones and laptops of the world together using WiFi and Bluetooth to create a wireless network that was free and open to everyone, with no need for Big Telecom? Australian computer scientist Paul Gardner-Stephen tried to do something like that after the Haiti earthquake in 2010. “Mobile phones have the capability to run autonomous networks, it’s just that no one had implemented it,” he says. Gardner-Stephen helped build Serval, a decentralized messaging app that can spread texts in a peer-to-peer fashion without the need for a traditional telco carrier. But he quickly realized, as the Pied Piper team likely will, that trying to turn people’s mobile phones into servers drains their batteries too quickly to be practical. Today, the Serval team relies on solar powered base stations to relay messages. Serval and similar apps like Firechat aren’t meant to replace the internet, just provide communications during disasters or in remote locations. But the idea of creating decentralized wireless networks—mesh networks—still has merit. One such network, Wlan Slovenija, for example, now covers all of Slovenia and is spreading to neighboring countries. But these mesh networks are still along way from replacing telcos–especially in the US. Even as wireless base stations improve, they can’t quite yet compete with the fiber optic cables that link the nation’s telco infrastructure on speed and reliability, and some community networks, such as Guifi in Spain, are bolstering their wireless connections with fiber. Even then, given a choice, would people really pick a decentralized option over the status quo? Customer service at big broadband companies may be bad to non-existent, but you can still call someone. For those who would nevertheless prefer to wrest control of the internet from large corporations, these new alternatives will need to be better and faster than the services they hope to displace. Simply being decentralized isn’t enough. It wasn’t so long ago that people questioned whether people would ever take to the internet itself at all. As the season finale approaches, Pied Piper will find out whether its version of a new internet works—and whether anyone wants it. They just have to build it and see—just like in the real world. Related Video Culture ‘Silicon Valley’ Cast Explains What Real Startups Do (NSFW) Mozido? Nutanix? We gave the Silicon Valley cast the names of real startups and asked them to guess what they do. This is NSFW, so put those headphones on. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. AWS Cloud Computing messaging Silicon Valley The Web Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular The Internet Defines ‘Covfefe’ Internet Culture The Internet Defines ‘Covfefe’ Angela Watercutter The Physics of Ramming an Imperial Star Destroyer, Explained Science The Physics of Ramming an Imperial Star Destroyer, Explained Rhett Allain The Gospel of Hard Work, According to Silicon Valley Business The Gospel of Hard Work, According to Silicon Valley Nitasha Tiku Welcome to Poppy’s World In Depth Welcome to Poppy’s World Lexi Pandell Inside the Factory Building the World’s Smallest, Cheapest Private Jet aviation Inside the Factory Building the World’s Smallest, Cheapest Private Jet Eric Adams While You Were Offline: Trump’s Paris Agreement Decision Turned Into Quite a ‘Covfefe’ While You Were Offline While You Were Offline: Trump’s Paris Agreement Decision Turned Into Quite a ‘Covfefe’ Graeme McMillan String Theory’s Weirdest Ideas Finally Make Sense—Thanks to VR Virtual Reality String Theory’s Weirdest Ideas Finally Make Sense—Thanks to VR Nick Stockton Crispr’s Next Big Debate: How Messy Is Too Messy? Genetics Crispr’s Next Big Debate: How Messy Is Too Messy? Megan Molteni More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business Chips An IBM Breakthrough Ensures Silicon Will Keep Shrinking Brian Barrett Business Antitrust Watchdogs Eye Big Tech’s Monopoly on Your Data Nitasha Tiku WWDC WWDC 2017 Liveblog: Siri, iPads, MacBooks and More Open Source Diversity in Open Source Is Even Worse Than in Tech Overall Klint Finley Climate Change Even Without Paris, Business Will Leave Trump Behind on Climate Change Issie Lapowsky WWDC How to Watch Apple’s WWDC Keynote Arielle Pardes We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 7 hours Roboticists may have solved the problems drones run into while flying indoors—with marsupials wrd.cm/2suc0fJ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 7 hours Roboticists may have solved the problems drones run into while flying indoors—with marsupials wrd.cm/2suc0fJ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us SecureDrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS CNMN Collection Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Why does Google Street View’s 'Pegman' have a party hat and balloons? Google Street View now comes with a party hat and balloons  Credit: Twitter  Mark Molloy 2 June 2017 • 8:04am Google Street View users may have noticed an unusual update this week after balloons and party hats were added to the mapping service. Users browsing Street View images through Google Maps will see the orange 'pegman' icon in the bottom-right corner of the screen is now wearing a party hat while carrying some balloons. It has baffled social media users  Why is the google street view "dude" holding balloons all the sudden? #EnquiringMindsWantToKnow pic.twitter.com/u4wTdU9lmW— Rob White (@svrwxtweets) May 30, 2017 Does anyone know why The Google Street View guy has a party hat and balloons today? pic.twitter.com/0HqE71S5Br— Mary Epstein Jackson (@MaryEpstein) May 30, 2017 @Google @googlemaps Why does the Google Street View man have balloons and a hat today? (It's not my bday, and I'm not the only one with it). pic.twitter.com/fejs97oBLP— Andrew Polland (@AndrewPolland) May 30, 2017 On your birthday, Google Street View pegman has a tiny party hat and balloons. So cute! pic.twitter.com/W48iMEeG1j— Mislav Marohnić (@mislav) January 5, 2017 So what’s going on? The quirky balloon update has been added to celebrate Street View’s tenth birthday and you can try it out yourself via Google Maps. Funny Google Street View images “Street View started out as Larry Page’s far-fetched idea to create a 360-degree map of the world,” Street View’s Arjun Raman wrote in a blog post. “Today, 10 years after the first imagery was published in Street View, people can scale mountains, dive into the depths of the ocean, scout out ramen spots, and walk through museums in far corners of the world. “Over the last decade, a lot has changed—the technology we use, the appearance of the planet—but the goal of Google Maps has remained the same.” google biggest failures Who is Pegman? Pegman was created in 2008 after Google decided he was more appealing than users moving around an eyeball, the other idea that was floated by designers. “It was weird to pick up an eyeball,” designer Andy Szybalski told Buzzfeed. “It felt squishy and it just felt wrong. You don’t want to be throwing an eyeball.” More Google Street View  Meanwhile, Google now lets you journey into the fiery 'heart of the Earth'. 13 bizarre Google Street View photos that will leave you very confused. Not OK, Google: Burger King advert designed to hijack Google Home speakers backfires 00:19 Share this article Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest Related Topics Google Google Street View Show more Technology latest 05 Jun 2017, 12:01am Comment: As AI moves on, it's time for Apple's Siri to grow up James Titcomb Premium 04 Jun 2017, 11:13am When is WWDC 2017 and what will Tim Cook and Apple announce? 04 Jun 2017, 11:12am WWDC 2017: iOS 11 best features and release date, plus everything we know about Apple's new software 03 Jun 2017, 7:30pm Price comparison site Kelkoo takes Google to High Court over abuse of search dominance 03 Jun 2017, 6:00am The best smartwatch to buy in 2017 03 Jun 2017, 6:00am The British scientists on the brink of changing the human race forever Premium 03 Jun 2017, 3:09am A wizard idea? Harry Potter fans set to get magical pub in London 02 Jun 2017, 4:16pm Sage sells US payments business for £200m 02 Jun 2017, 4:11pm Facebook 'to launch new teen messaging app that can be monitored by parents' 02 Jun 2017, 4:00pm Laptop deals for June 2017 02 Jun 2017, 12:59pm Comment: Facebook's moderation policy aids bullies and censors their victims. When will we stand up? Jane Fae Premium Gallery 02 Jun 2017, 12:23pm Gallery: What will the iPhone 8 look like? 02 Jun 2017, 12:21pm iPhone 8: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know 02 Jun 2017, 12:01pm The new space race: Why tourists could travel to space as early as next year Premium 02 Jun 2017, 11:53am Google Doodle celebrates ICC Champions Trophy with addictive cricket game - what you need to know about tournament 02 Jun 2017, 11:24am Self-driving cars will add $7 trillion a year to global economy, says Intel 02 Jun 2017, 10:50am Delayed flight? This app will automatically reimburse you Gallery 02 Jun 2017, 9:25am Gallery: Inside Google's spectacular new London offices 01:35 02 Jun 2017, 7:00am Snapchat Spectacles go on sale in the UK: Where to buy them and how they work 02 Jun 2017, 6:00am Driverless cars, hypersonic tunnels, no more traffic lights... Is this the future of travel? 01 Jun 2017, 9:04pm Facebook shareholders reject fake news proposal Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Branded Content Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch OnePlus 5 iPhone 7 deals Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Essential Phone vs Google Pixel: What's the difference? Essential Phone vs Google Pixel: What's the difference? by Joe Roberts 01 June 2017 0 shares Read Comments Essential Phone vs Google Pixel: How does the new phone from Android creator Andy Rubin compare to the Android showcase phone, the Google Pixel? Here's our comparison. The new Essential Phone has now arrived to take on the big boys in the smartphone market. With Android creator Andy Rubin at the helm, Essential is looking to compete against top-end handsets such as the Galaxy S8 and, of course, Google's Pixel Phone. But, does the new handset really have what it takes to suceed? Well, we thought we'd take an early look at how the phone compares to the Google Pixel to see if we can't get a better idea of the Essential Phone's chances in the increasingly crowded smartphone market. Essential Phone vs Google Pixel Design: What’s the difference? The Essential Phone weighs 185g and measures 141.5 x 71.1 x 7.8mm, as opposed to the Pixel's 143.8 x 69.5 x 8.5mm (the Pixel XL measures 154.7 x 75.7 x 8.5mm). It also features a titanium and ceramic body which should hold up well when dropped. That design also makes for a particularly sleek chassis that looks great in the press shots we've seen – though we're yet to get our hands on a review model. Google, on the other hand, has used metal and glass for the Pixel phone's chassis, which is unlikely to be as sturdy as the Essential Phone. It makes for a perfectly servicable phone, that feels as good as, if not better than the latest iPhone, even if the design isn't as flashy as the new Galaxy S8. Essential seems to have Google at a disadvantage in the design department, with an almost full-face 5.7-inch display that is clearly the phone's standout feature. The screen extends to the very top of the phone, meaning there's little to no top bezel on this device, whereas the Pixel comes with significant top and bottom bezels. In both cases, you won't find a physical home button on the bottom bezel, however, with both Essential and Google opting to place their respective fingerprint sensors on the rear of the phones. Related: Best Android phones The Pixel and Pixel Xl Neither phone comes with any significant waterproofing, though the Pixel is IP53 rated, which means it'll survive the odd splash. One area where Google might be able to appeal to consumers more is in the ports department. The company opted to retain the 3.5mm headphone jack which hasn't been included on the Essential handset – the phone does come with an adapter, though. Other than that, both phones use a USB Type-C port for charging and data transfer. While the Essential Phone lacks the headphone jack of the Pixel, it does have a somewhat unorthodox feature in the form of a magnetic connector on the rear that allows for modules to be attached. You'll be able to attach a 360-degree camera using the pogo pins, with more modules surely set to arrive in the future. No such luck on the Google Pixel – though whether that's a big deal will depend on how fond of the whole modular thing you are – and let's face it, modular phones haven't exactly proved all that popular in recent years. You'll be able to pick up the Essential Phone in Black Moon, Stellar Grey, Pure White, and Ocean Depths., while Google offers its handset in Black or Silver. The Essential Phone Essential Phone vs Google Pixel specs: Which phone is more powerful? While we haven't yet reviewed, or even touched, the Essential Phone, it looks set to be a powerhouse. At the heart of the new phone is Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 – that's the latest chipset from the company and can be found in today's top-end phones, including the Galaxy S8. The Pixel, on the other hand, uses the older Snapdragon 821 – which should still be plenty fast. RAM-wise, both phones come with 4GB, and are matched in terms of internal storage at 128GB – though you can opt for a 32GB Pixel if you want to keep the cost down. From where we stand, it seems likely you won't be noticing much difference in terms of performance between these two phones. Despite the Snapdragon 835 chip in the Essential handset, there's unlikely to be any discernible difference in speed between the phones. One area where you might notice a difference, however, in the screen. Essential has provided a 2560 x 1312 5.7-inch screen with a 504 ppi density that, as mentioned previously, covers almost the entire front of the phone itself. It looks set to be the phone's most noticeable feature and packs significantly more pixels than the Google phone's 1920 x1080 (441ppi) screen. That said, the Pixel does have a smaller 5-inch display, so the pixels will be packed closer together, meaning you're unlikely to be disappointed with picture sharpness. Google also makes use of AMOLED tech for its display panel, so colours will be vivid and blacks nice and inky. It's a different story with the larger 5.5-inch Pixel XL, though. The bigger Pixel phone pushes the screen resolution to 2560 x 1440, which is more than the Essential Phone offers. And as the screen is slightly smaller, pictures should look a little sharper on the Pixel XL, too. The Pixel Phone If it's the camera you're most concerned with, both phones should offer great performance. The Essential Phone's two 13-megapixel lenses, one of which is monochrome should offer impressive low-light performance – though we're yet to test that. Google, on the other hand, stuck with the single lens for the Pixel, but it's a top-performing smartphone camera. With a 12-megapixel sensor and an f/2.0 aperture, the shooter on the Pixel produces some of the best shots we've seen from a phone. Battery-wise, the 3,040mAh cell in the Essential Phone should mean you'll get through a day of use without needing to charge – though there's no wireless charging option here. Google opted for a smaller 2770mAh battery, which makes the handset a 'charge every night' device'. The Pixel XL's 3450mAh offering is a tad more forgiving, however. For a full spec comparison, check out the table below: Google Pixel Essential Phone Screen 5 inches (AMOLED) 5.7 inches Display Resolution 1920 x 1080 (441ppi) 2560 x 1312 (504ppi) Aspect Ratio 16:9 19:10 Primary Camera 12 megapixels | f/2.0 2x 13 megapixels (one monochrome) | f/1.85 Secondary Camera 8 megapixels | f/2.4 8 megapixels | f/2.2 Chipset Snapdragon 821 (14nm) Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 (10nm) RAM 4GB 4GB Storage 32/128GB 128GB Battery Capacity 2770mAh 3040mAh Waterproof? IP53 certified No Fingerprint Scanner? Yes Yes Headphone Jack? Yes No (adapter included) Primary Port USB Type C USB Type C Iris Scanner? No No Wireless Charging? No No Micro SD Slot? No No Dimensions 143.8 x 69.5 x 8.5mm 141.5 x 71.1 x 7.8mm Weight 143 grams 185 grams Software Android 7.0 Nougat Android 7.0 Nougat Related: Best Android apps Essential Phone vs Google Pixel software: What's running on these phones? You'll find Android 7.0 Nougat on both phones, and what's great is that both phones should offer an untouched version of the OS. We know that to be the case on the Pixel, seeing as it comes direct from Google, and Essential is promising the same thing on its upcoming handset. That means no bloatware, no irritating skins or extra apps that duplicate the same functions. Just pure Android. You can check out a full list of Nougat's features here. Essential Phone vs Google Pixel price: Which phone is better value for money? Unfortunately, Essential is planning to make its phone available only in the US at first, for $699 (about £545) with Andy Rubin saying at the phone's launch on May 30 that he expects the device to ship within 30 days. US buyers also have the option of picking up a limited time bundle, which throws in a 360-degree Essential Phone camera for an extra $50 (around £40) – the add-on's regular price tag is $199 (around £155). The Pixel Phone, meanwhile, is available now from Google starting at £599.99, or £719.99 for the Pixel XL. Related: Best smartphone The Pixel Phone Essential Phone vs Google Pixel Summary: What’s the difference? Here’s a short breakdown of the key differences between the Google Pixel and the Essential Phone. Design: The Essential Phone is a nicely designed device which looks to have the edge on the Pixel in terms of design. The titanium and ceramic build, coupled with the almost full-face screen make it a striking handset, while the Pixel is merely a solid option. Specs: The two handset match up fairly evenly here, though there's no doubt the Essential Phone has the superior hardware in the form of a Snapdragon 835 processor. There won't be much difference in day-to-day use, however. Price: Essential wants $699 (about £545) for its device, while Google is asking for £599.99 for the Pixel and £719.99 for the Pixel XL. The Essential phone won't be launching outside of the US for now, however. Value: It's hard to say which is better value before we've review the Essential Phone. It seems like a superior device to the Pixel and comes with a similar price tag, but we'll reserve judgement until we try it out. Let us know whether you'd buy an Essential Phone over a Pixel in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Jean-Mouloud June 4, 2017, 7:39 am Wouldn't it have been fairer to compare it to the Pixel XL? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The 10 Biggest Tech Product Failures of the Past Decade For every iPod, there are hundreds of Zunes. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Jun 1, 2017 at 6:00AM Image source: Getty Images. Apple's iPhone, which heralded the age of touchscreen smartphones and app ecosystems, was one of the most successful tech products of the past decade. But for every hit product that reshapes the market, there are countless flops that became cautionary tales. Let's look back at ten of the biggest technological duds of the past decade. Image source: Getty Images. HD DVD Back in late 2002, Toshiba and NEC developed the HD DVD as the high-capacity successor to DVDs. But at the same time, Sony was developing the competing Blu-Ray format in partnership with eight other leading electronics companies. Sony -- which had its own movie studio and extensive media partnerships -- also convinced other major studios to launch their films in the Blu-Ray format. The disc war was over by 2008, and companies withdrew their support for HD DVDs. By the end, Toshiba had sunk over $1 billion into the doomed technology. Image source: Google. Google Lively Back in 2008, Alphabet's Google tried to mimic the success of Linden Lab's virtual world Second Life with its own Web-based virtual environment, Lively. But instead of launching a stand-alone application like Second Life, Google launched Lively as a collection of "virtual chat rooms" accessed through a Web browser and powered by Adobe Flash. While the idea was interesting, it wasn't as immersive as Second Life and seemed like a cumbersome way to communicate compared to Facebook and other messaging platforms. Lively was quietly killed off just a few months after it launched. Image source: Microsoft. Microsoft Zune In late 2001, Apple changed digital music forever with the launch of the iPod. Microsoft launched its rival, the Zune, five years later. Despite positive reviews, the Zune flopped due to its delayed entry, weak marketing efforts, and lack of support among major record labels. Sales never picked up, but Microsoft kept the Zune alive for six more generations before killing it off in 2012. Image source: Microsoft. Windows Phone Microsoft launched Windows Phone 7, its first multi-touch mobile operating system, in 2010 -- three years after the first iPhone arrived and two years after the first Android devices launched. That delay was costly, since most developers and consumers were already tethered to the iOS and Android ecosystems. In a desperate bid to expand Windows Phone, Microsoft acquired Nokia's handset unit in 2014 -- which resulted in billions of dollars in writedowns a year later. Today, Windows Phone accounts for less than 1% of the smartphone market. Image source: BlackBerry. BlackBerry Storm After the iPhone arrived, smartphone market leader BlackBerry dismissed the idea of touchscreen phones, claiming that enterprise users would always want keyboards. When enterprise users started buying iPhones, BlackBerry tried straddling touchscreens and keyboards with the Storm, a bizarre touchscreen phone which had a "clickable" screen that simulated the physical response of a keyboard. Yet that odd mechanism frequently failed, and Verizon reportedly replaced most of the 1 million Storms which it sold in 2008, resulting in nearly $500 million in losses. BlackBerry's market share continued plunging afterwards, and it finally stopped making its own phones last year. Image source: HP. HP Touchpad HP launched the Touchpad in July 2011 as a potential competitor to Apple's iPad. But just a month later, HP announced that it would discontinue all devices running webOS -- including the Touchpad -- to pivot away from the competitive mobile market. The remaining Touchpad inventory was subsequently liquidated for $99 per unit -- making it one of the shortest-lived tablets in history. Image source: Facebook. Facebook Home In 2013, Facebook tried to take over Android devices with Facebook Home, a replacement launcher that let users quickly view and post content on Facebook, message other users, and launch apps. The lock screen also displayed notifications from Facebook and other apps. Facebook Home was a clear attempt to take over a mobile OS without actually creating one -- but the app was skewered by poor reviews (generally complaining about the pushy and overbearing nature of the app) and privacy concerns. That flop caused Facebook to go back to the drawing board and make Messenger a platform instead. Image source: Google. Google Glass Google initially launched Glass via a limited "Explorer" program in 2013, then offered the augmented-reality device to the public the following year. Its initial price of $1,500 was steep, but Google intended to lower it for a commercial launch. Many tech enthusiasts hailed Glass as the next big computing platform, but Google didn't consider the privacy implications of putting cameras on users' faces. Businesses banned Glass from their establishments, while mainstream consumers disliked the device's awkward appearance and high price tag. Google discontinued Glass in 2015 but promised to launch a next-gen version in the near future. Image source: Amazon. Amazon's Fire Phone In 2014, Amazon believed that its success with the prisoner-taking Kindle Fire tablets could be replicated with the Fire Phone. However, the mid-range hardware failed to impress customers who were already using iPhones and Android devices. Amazon slashed the price of the Fire Phone from $199 to $0.99 (with a two-year contract) within the first month, took a $170 million writedown on unsold phones later that year, then killed off the device in 2015. Image source: Samsung. Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 Last year, Samsung's well-received Note 7 smartphones started exploding due to faulty batteries. The ensuing debacle resulted in millions of units being recalled and the cancellation of the flagship device -- which resulted in a $2.3 billion writedown during Samsung's third quarter and plenty of lost revenue during the holiday season. Despite that big setback, initial demand for Samsung's new Galaxy S8 devices appears to be robust -- indicating that the brand wasn't tarnished by the scandal.   Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Leo Sun owns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, Apple, Facebook, and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Jun 1, 2017 at 6:00AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) HP NYSE:HPQ $18.98 up $0.03 (0.16%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $996.12 up $7.83 (0.79%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $71.76 up $1.66 (2.37%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $1,006.73 up $10.78 (1.08%) Sony NYSE:SNE $37.75 up $1.24 (3.40%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $153.61 up $2.08 (1.37%) BlackBerry NASDAQ:BBRY $11.29 down $0.10 (-0.88%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $2,000.00 no change (0.00%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $975.60 up $8.65 (0.89%) Read More Here's What's Really Holding Virtual Reality Back It's Time to Face the Facts: Mobile Wallet Usage Rates Are Laughably Low 3 Growth Stocks That Could Soar More Than Intuitive Surgical Analysts Are Expecting Self-Driving Cars to Be Huge for Alphabet, Inc. Here's Why They're Right Alphabet Rides Advertising Strength to New Highs Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The 10 Biggest Tech Product Failures of the Past Decade @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $HPQ, $GOOGL, $MSFT, $AMZN, $SNE, $FB, $BBRY, $SSNLF, $GOOG
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Technology Apple said to ready Siri speaker in bid to rival Google, Amazon Apple said to ready Siri speaker in bid to rival Google, Amazon Apple Inc. is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” may be on your nightstand or kitchen counter as well. By: Bloomberg | Published: June 1, 2017 4:53 PM Apple Inc. is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” may be on your nightstand or kitchen counter as well.(Image: The Indian Express) Apple Inc. is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” may be on your nightstand or kitchen counter as well. The iPhone-maker has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple could debut the speaker as soon as its annual developer conference in June, but the device will not be ready to ship until later in the year, the people said. The device will differ from Amazon.com Inc.’s Echo and Alphabet Inc.’s Google Home speakers by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with Apple’s product lineup, said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss products that aren’t yet public. Introducing a speaker would serve two main purposes: providing a hub to automate appliances and lights via Apple’s HomeKit system, and establishing a bulwark inside the home to lock customers more tightly into Apple’s network of services. That would help combat the competitive threat from Google’s and Amazon’s connected speakers: the Home and Echo mostly don’t support services from Apple. Without compatible hardware, users may be more likely to opt for the Echo or Home, and therefore use streaming music offerings such as Spotify, Amazon Prime Music or Google Play rather than Apple Music. You may also like to watch: “This will be a platform for developing Apple’s services,” says Gene Munster, a co-founder of Loup Ventures and former Apple analyst. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller declined to comment. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook has emphasized Apple’s services businesses over the past 18 months as iPhone sales slowed. He expects service revenue to double by 2020 from last year’s $24 billion. A speaker may help keep customers loyal to service products such as Apple Music, a subscription music streaming offering that costs $10 per month. The speaker would likely be tucked into Apple’s “Other Products” category, which currently includes devices like the Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods. That set of products generated $11 billion in sales last year. Inventec Corp., the Taipei manufacturer that already makes the AirPod wireless headphones, will add the speaker to its Apple repertoire, the people said. Apple employees have been secretly testing the device in their homes for several months, they said. The Siri speaker reached an advanced prototype stage late last year, Bloomberg News reported at the time. An Inventec representative didn’t respond to a request for comment outside normal business hours in Taiwan. This year’s developers conference will be the first since 2013 to introduce new hardware. Apple could announce updated iPad tablets at the conference, one of the people said. Apple last updated the 9.7-inch iPad Pro in March 2016 and hasn’t refreshed the larger 12.9-inch model since its November 2015 debut. Planned Mac updates will include refreshed versions of the MacBook and MacBook Pro with faster Intel Corp. processors, Bloomberg News reported earlier this month. Apple hopes that more advanced acoustics technology will give the speaker an edge over competitors, according to people with knowledge of the product’s development. Along with generating virtual surround sound, the speakers being tested are louder and reproduce sound more crisply than rival offerings, the people said. Apple has also considered including sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels during use, one of the people said. Apple will also likely let third-party services build products for the speaker. Last year, Apple opened up Siri on the iPhone to the likes of Uber Technologies Inc. and Facebook Inc., allowing a user to order a ride or send a WhatsApp message with a voice command. The device will be a hub for Apple’s HomeKit home automation system, letting users control devices such as lights, door locks and window blinds. At present, an Apple TV or iPad is required to control that equipment from outside the home or automatically. The Echo and Google Home both support third-party services and smart home appliances. Ahead of Apple’s launch, the competition has upgraded their speakers with support for making voice calls, while Amazon’s gained a touchscreen. Apple’s speaker won’t include such a screen, according to people who have seen the product. An Apple-designed speaker with high-end sound quality that fits perfectly into the Apple ecosystem is a familiar pitch. In 2006, Apple unveiled the iPod Hi-Fi, a battery powered speaker designed to cast a shadow over the thriving iPod third-party accessory market. With its bulky size and high price point, the Hi-Fi flopped and was discontinued within 18 months of launching. With Siri and a clear hole in its ecosystem, Apple is banking that its second try at a speaker product will do better. No Comments. Don't Miss ISRO GSAT-19 satellite launch on GSLV MkIII: Here are 5 amazing facts about India's monster rocket engine With property prices crashing, is it a good thing to buy a house or go for rent? After NTPC's Rs 28,000 cr capex plan revealed, Centre waives buyback offer that could have netted it Rs 8,000 cr Good news: Under GST regime, your clothes bill unlikely to rise Saudi, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut ties with Qatar for supporting terror ISRO to launch India's heaviest satellite GSLV Mk III today; here's what Chinese media is saying Bandipora attack: Four terrorists killed as security forces foil suicide attack on CRPF camp at Sumbal in Jammu and Kashmir Yogi Adityanath government to install statues of OBC, upper caste icons in Mayawati parks in UP IT industry layoffs: For employees, here's what is the need of the hour Uttar Pradesh bus accident: 22 dead, several injured after collision with truck on Bareilly national highway Business Gallery India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy: Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh power India to a strong total; check pics London terror attack: 7 people killed at London Bridge and Borough Street; cops gun down 3 terrorists Narendra Modi France visit: From terrorism to climate change, here is what’s on PM’s agenda Narendra Modi in Russia: PM invites Russian companies to invest in India, top 5 quotes Narendra Modi Russia visit: PM meets Vladimir Putin, pays homage at the Piskarovskoye Cemetery; check out photos Technology Gallery China’s solar powered unmanned plane Caihong can stay in air for months; here’s how it looks like Gigantic Stratolaunch makes first rollout to conduct aircraft fueling tests; 7 things to know SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know Hindi News योगी आदित्य नाथ सरकार का फैसला- मायावती के बनाए दलित पार्कों में ओबीसी और अगड़ी जातियों की विभूतियां भी होंगी विराजमान कश्मीर: सीआरपीएफ कैंप पर हमला, जवाबी कार्रवाई में चार आतंकवादी मारे गए सिपाही ने किया पीसीआर को फोन- अरविंद केजरीवाल की हत्या कर दूंगा, दिल्ली सीएम के घर पर सुरक्षा बढ़ी Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content area Toggle menus Toggle search Subscribe Give us 30 seconds and we'll give you 6 issues free Search Search Main menu News Business Technology Cars Money Portfolio People Sport Subscriptions Offers Sections Secondary menu General Election 2017 Article 50 Brexit Islamic State Jeremy Corbyn Theresa May Oil price Cricket Google Doodle cricket game celebrates Champions Trophy Jun 1, 2017 Search giant creates smallest interactive game as tournament gets underway at The Oval whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin email Google Google's Champions Trophy-themed Doodle Google has marked the start of the Champions Trophy with a cricket-themed Doodle on its homepage. See related  Chris Woakes injury dents England's Champions Trophy chances 'Embarrassing' England cricket campaign backfires for New Balance Cricket could return to BBC as T20 negotiations begin It features an animated cricket game contested, bizarrely, between a team of crickets and snails. The game appears on the Google homepage of competing nations, including England, India, Australia and South Africa. "The internet giant kept it simple: all you have to do is tap or click to swing the bat and watch as you either smack the ball around the field or see the bails knocked off," reports the Daily Telegraph. "The batsman is a cricket and the fielders are snails – a reference to Google's promise that the game will work on even the slowest of networks." Indeed, Google says the game is its "smallest interactive Doodle ever" and designed to make sure it "works for everyone, including those on slower mobile networks". In addition to bigger nations, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka are taking part in the tournament. The Doodle is also appearing on Google homepages in many Caribbean countries, even though the West Indies did not qualify for the tournament. The Champions Trophy runs from 1 to 18 June in England. The final will be held at The Oval. Hosts England, who take on minnows Bangladesh in the opening match of the tournament, are in the unusual position of being favourites. Even more unusual is the fact that match highlights will be screened on the BBC. "Agreeing a deal to show highlights of the Champions Trophy in England is in attempt by the BBC to prove their commitment to showing cricket again as they look to become the ECB's home for free-to-view coverage from 2020," reports the Telegraph. Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter CloseSign me up Read more: Cricket England cricket team Google Champions trophy Technology You are here: Home Google Doodle cricket game celebrates Champions Trophy View the discussion thread. Related Articles ReactionChampions Trophy: Bangladesh banana skin awaits England One-Minute ReadGoogle Doodle cricket game celebrates Champions Trophy The Week UnwrappedThe Week Unwrapped 19: Chelsea Manning and crowdfunding The AshesAustralian cricket strike could put Ashes under threat The AshesThe Ashes: England to face Australia once more at the Waca Reaction'Embarrassing' England cricket campaign backfires News FeedCricket could return to BBC as T20 negotiations begin ReactionIndia beat Australia as 'egomaniac' Kohli turns on tourists TRY A FREE ISSUE of The Week Magazine Try Portfolio The experts' guide to good living Tesla Model S Into The Unknown: Explore science fiction at the Barbican Twelve of the best rooftop bars in London Read more Popular Peaky Blinders series 4: When will it arrive on the Netflix and the BBC - and might Samuel L Jackson co-star? Culture Poldark: Steamy trailer for season 3 introduces new heartthrob TV & Radio London attack: 'Enough is enough,' says PM, after 7 killed UK News General election polls 2017: Conservative lead is down to just three points UK News North Korea builds its own tablet called 'iPad' Technology Trending Topics Islamic State Gold price EU Referendum Jeremy Clarkson Jeremy Corbyn Oil price Daily Briefing Ten things you need to know today In partnership with Rolex At least seven killed in London terror attack Donald Trump 'does believe in climate change' Theresa May 'to go nuclear' as lead 'shrinks to one point' Read more Our Latest Offers, Competitions and Events SAVE up to £56 on our latest selection from Liberty Wine BOOK NOW for our live debate on The Generation Gap SAVE 30% on tickets to the House & Garden Festival FIND OUT MORE Back to top Facebook Twitter News Business Technology Cars Money Portfolio People Sport Subscriptions Offers The Week US The WeekDay Privacy RSS Sitemap Contact us Authors About us © Copyright The Week Ltd which is a subsidiary of Dennis Publishing Limited. The Week incorporates The First Post. The Week™ and The First Post™ are trademarks of Felix Dennis. Felix Dennis Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter tech US world science US politics business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Apple Apple has started production on Siri-based Echo competitor, reports say New voice-activated smart speaker will be first to fully integrate with Apple products The first public hints at the speaker could come as soon as Monday’s keynote presentation at Apple’s worldwide developer’s conference. Photograph: Peter Parks/AFP/Getty Images Apple Apple has started production on Siri-based Echo competitor, reports say New voice-activated smart speaker will be first to fully integrate with Apple products Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Alex Hern @alexhern Thursday 1 June 2017 07.08 EDT Last modified on Thursday 1 June 2017 10.10 EDT Apple has reportedly started production of its Siri-based competitor to Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home, plugging a hole in its device lineup that has become increasingly noticeable over the past two years. The new device will be similar to competitors’ offerings in form, offering a voice-controlled speaker that can sit in the kitchen or living room and verbally respond to basic commands and queries. According to Bloomberg News, one key differentiator will be audio quality: Apple is planning to ship the speaker with “virtual surround sound technology”, which uses one speaker to create the impression of several, as well as investing heavily on general quality improvements to ensure a richer sound than competitors. But more important for many Apple fans will be the expected tight integration with the rest of the company’s products. The company’s music streaming service is tricky to use on Amazon’s Echo, and impossible to use on the Google Home, while both devices also require users on iOS to open a dedicated app to see any further information in response to queries. By contrast, Apple could use its control of the locked-down iOS ecosystem to put responses to queries on the lock screen of iPhones, iPads and Watches, similar to how Siri works on the company’s devices today. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Apple tried to make the Apple TV its smart-home hub, but the line has repeatedly failed to take off. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian The need for an Apple-branded “smart speaker” has become clear over the past two years, since Amazon released the Echo to surprise success amongst US consumers. The devices are rapidly becoming key hubs for smart home setups, as well as the most-used extension of voice-controlled assistants into many owners’ lives. Apple has previously bet on its set-top box, the Apple TV, as its smart-home hub, but the line has repeatedly failed to take off. The Apple Watch was intended to be the major extension of Siri into the lives of users, but while the hardware is still selling at a relatively high rate, the voice assistant sees little use, with owners preferring the Watch’s notification and fitness tracking features. The first public hints at the speaker could come as soon as Monday’s keynote presentation at Apple’s worldwide developer’s conference, although Bloomberg reports that the device probably won’t ship to customers until later this year. With just four days until the event, at which Apple is expected to show off the next versions of iOS and macOS for the first time, an unexpectedly small number of details have leaked out about what features those operating systems will include. By this time last year, news of a redesign to the Music app, the ability to delete stock apps, and Siri on the Mac had all leaked out. But when it comes to iOS 11 and macOS 10.13, the strongest rumour is that the next version of the computer operating system will have a name beginning with M. Topics Apple Smart speaker Voice recognition Computing Amazon Alexa Amazon news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Technology › Apple tech US world science US politics business back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Sunday, June 4, 2017 Special Show Menu News ASUC Campus City Crime & Courts Research & Ideas State UC Obituaries Notes from the Field Election 2016 2017 ASUC Elections Sports M. Hoops W. Hoops Football Rugby Baseball M. Tennis W. Tennis Softball Track & Field Lacrosse Men’s Soccer Women’s Soccer Women’s Water Polo W. Swim Arts Music Film & Television Fashion Theater Visual Art Video Games Literature Voices Columns Best of Berkeley Culture Shot Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Columns The Soapbox Editorial Cartoons Submit a Letter to the Editor Submit an Op-Ed Podcasts Blogs Daily Clog Eating Berkeley Travel Strikeout Photo Sex on Tuesday Football Multimedia Special Video Series Photo Essays News Sports Arts Opinion Blogs Weekender Archives Graphics Podcasts Weekender Featured Editors’ Search for: About Donate Apply Classifieds Advertise Daily Deal California Getaways 2017 Thursday, June 1, 2017 Pokémon GO ruined my roadtrip Maya Shen/Staff By Adelaide Chen | StaffLast Updated 2 days Ago Tweet Comment0 When he said yes to a road trip, I was hella pumped. But when he said no to SoCal, I deflated. What a killjoy. Upon seeing my crestfallen face, he gives me some bullshit excuse like traffic or time constraints or something. Even so, this dude is my favoritest person to hang out with because we always get to do whatever I want. I don’t understand what he has against SoCal. But, undeterred by this setback, I start adulting and plan ahead. My favorite cookies are in Santa Cruz, so I decide that that’s where we’re headed. Equipped with the wonder that is Google Maps, I manage to locate the Pacific Cookie Company. Google Maps also helpfully suggests something about a beach boardwalk, so I toss that in, too. The night before we leave, I am so excited about our adventure that I can’t sleep. Most of our usual escapades involve him picking me up and driving to the doughnut shop across the street from his house, so this is a nice change of scenery. At long last, the sun finally decides to drag its lazy arse out of bed. By the time his car pulls up in front of my house, the Roman Empire has risen and fallen. He’s not on his phone (a rarity!) and is absurdly late (not a rarity). He says something about the boardwalk and I am mildly surprised that he has an opinion. I tell him so. Halfway across Highway 17, he hands me his phone. An unsuspecting me thinks that perhaps he is hopelessly lost and needs guidance. l smirk — he’s got me! Who needs Google Maps? Soon, however, I realize my mistake. A Gyarados pops up on the screen wearing the same expression as I now am: >:c Pokémon GO. I feel cheated. This isn’t what I signed up for. The purpose of this trip has been grossly misconstrued — I wanted to eat cookies that tasted like happiness; to sprint along the sun-kissed beach with the water hugging my feet; to feel the wind running its fingers through my hair, and he wants to wander around aimlessly while squinting down and tapping away at a dim screen. No wonder he wanted to go to the boardwalk; Dratinis run rampant there. He glances over. “You’re judging me.” I pout the rest of the way. Just kidding. Like a good Samaritan, I dutifully attempt to toss pokeballs in a vehicle moving at 60 mph through a mountain pass — with varying degrees of success. This is clearly not my area of expertise; I wish he would have just asked me for directions to the cookie place. When we stop for pizza at a place that I’ve picked out, he reclaims his phone. My presence is blatantly ignored — I am clearly not a priority. Greatly offended, I try to break his concentration, but he interrupts my interruption. “If I can beat their gym, we’ll get a free meal.” I am so done with this kid. But because he’s my ride home, I’m stuck with him for the rest of the day. I sulk in the passenger seat as he drives. I don’t care that he’s trying to make conversation with me — I’m not yet done silently expressing my displeasure. He ends up prattling on in a monologue, and because I’m not paying attention to what he’s saying, we’re at the beach before I realize we’re in the wrong place. He sees my horrified expression. “It’ll be quick, I promise. I just need to catch a Dratini. Then we’ll go get your cookies.” I mope past the roller coasters and screaming children. He’s so tall I can’t see what’s happening on his phone screen, even when standing on tiptoe. He tries to accommodate for my height but he’s too distracted to notice that I still can’t see. Okay, fine. But when I take out my phone to pretend I have other things to do, I realize I’m out of data. So we go our separate ways: he in search of Pokémon, me in search of Wi-Fi. His quest is more successful than mine, however, and because I’m not comfortable setting out on my own, I have no choice but to experience second-hand embarrassment as I watch him trip over feet and bags as he stumbles around the food tables. “There’s a Dratini nearby!” Fml. The rest of the day passes in a haze of disappointment. I don’t even remember if he caught his stupid Dratini. All I remember is going home cookie-deprived. He’s still my favoritest person to hang out with, though. Contact Adelaide Chen at [email protected] . Please keep our community civil. Comments should remain on topic and be respectful. Read our full comment policy Beach Boardwalk, Dratini, Gyarados, Highway 17, Pacific Cookie Company, Pokemon Go, santa cruz, Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk Related Special How to spring break when you’re spring broke, Bay Area edition Power ranking: best store-bought chocolate chip cookie dough Pacific Cookie Company to close Berkeley retail location Friday Most Recent Special Editor’s note: California Dreamin’ Campus spots that should be tourist destinations California’s hidden treasures Best roadtrip spots near Berkeley Alternatives to LA’s biggest tourist traps The Daily Californian Most Popular Most Recent Campus EECS department releases new grading guidelines The Soapbox The Ivy of the Midwest UC Gov. Jerry Brown appoints 4 new members to UC Board of Regents The Daily Clog Why UC Berkeley is the best: high school perspective UC University defunds regents’ parties, dinners, reversing former policy UC 4 lawsuits, including 2 Title IX investigation petitions, filed against regents State CA State Senate passes bill to create single-payer healthcare system City Berkeley rated 8th highest rent in Bay Area Blogs Dogwatch Strikeout Why I ‘amn’t’ a prescriptivist Campus Dirks appoints Sharon Inkelas special advisor on sexual violence, harassment UC 4 lawsuits, including 2 Title IX investigation petitions, filed against regents Advertising News ASUC Campus City Crime & Courts Obituary Research & Ideas 2017 ASUC elections UC Notes from the Field Sports Men’s Baseball Basketball Crew Cross Country Football Golf Gymnastics Rugby Soccer Swim Tennis Water Polo Football Women’s Basketball Crew Field Hockey Golf Gymnastics Lacrosse Softball Soccer Swim Tennis Track & Field Volleyball Water Polo A&E Columns Film & Television Literature Music Theater Visual Art Comedy Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Columns Editorial Cartoons The Soapbox Sex on Tuesday Multimedia Arts Graphics News Opinion Sports Featured Editor’s Picks Awards Special Issues The Weekender Gameday Best of Berkeley Daily Cal Archive Editors’ Blog Blogs The Daily Clog Eating Berkeley Travel A&E Bear Bytes Strikeout Photo tumblr Donate We're an independent, student-run newsroom. Make a donation to support our coverage. Copyright © 2017 The Daily Californian, The Independent Berkeley Student Publishing Co., Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Use desktop site by default. Mobile site.
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Monday, 05 Jun 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Monday, 05 Jun 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events Games The Express Tribune > Sports   Google kicks off ICC Champions Trophy with interactive Cricket Doodle Share Tweet Google kicks off ICC Champions Trophy with interactive Cricket Doodle The game can be played on slower networ­ks as well By Tech Desk Published: June 1, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email With the ICC Champions Trophy starting on Thursday, the cricketing world is ‘glued’ to their TVs and laptops to follow the tournament. Google has taken this opportunity to market its own version of the famous sport, launching an interactive cricket version through Google Doodle. “To celebrate the 2017 ICC Champions Trophy, we’re inviting everyone to tap/click and take a swing at our pocket-size game,” Google said in a blog post. Pakistan to prepare for Champions Trophy with training camp in Birmingham The game can be played on slower networks as well with Google announcing:”We know that cricket is loved worldwide, so we wanted to make sure our Doodle works for everyone, including those on slower mobile networks.” The tech giant also released some animations created during the development of the game. Here are a few selected ones:  England take on Bangladesh in the first ICC game, with Australia and New Zealand also in their group. Pakistan will play India on Sunday. Most of us can’t wait for the game but for now, lets try our hand at Google’s interactive version! Read more: Google Doodle , ICC Champions Trophy , Sport Read full story Recommended Stories Is Google replacing Android with a new OS? Google is expected to reveal more information at the IO 2017 conference next week Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Singer Ali Haider lashes out at Waqar Zaka for exploiting Aamir Zaki's demise 2 India thrash Pakistan in Champions Trophy clash 3 Five talking points from Pakistan’s humiliation against India 4 Mardan Lynching: JIT says Mashal’s murder was premeditated 5 Woman kills husband for assaulting daughter-in-law 6 London terror attack death toll rises to seven 7 My last conversation with Aamir Zaki 8 Sponsored: The secret behind Fahad Mustafa’s unbeatable confidence and success 9 The story behind Aamir Zaki's 'Mera Pyar' in his own words 10 Transwoman arrested in Karachi for blackmail and murder Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (June 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) More in SportsMicrosoft will pay you to use Bing © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters Business World Sports Magazine Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Gadgets Nest security camera knows who’s home with Google face tech Nest security camera knows who’s home with Google face tech Nest Labs is adding Google's facial recognition technology to a high-resolution home-security camera, offering a glimpse of a future in which increasingly intelligent, internet-connected computers can see and understand what's going on in people's homes. By: AP | San Francisco | Published:June 1, 2017 4:20 pm Nest Labs is adding Google’s facial recognition technology to a high-resolution security camera that will provide a glimpse at the potential for increasingly intelligent, internet-connected computers to see and understand everything going on in people’s homes. (Source: AP) Related News Google will pay upto $200,000 for finding a bug in Android OS Google Chrome to block some ‘annoying’ ads starting next year Donald Trump pulls US out of Paris climate deal: Elon Musk to Tim Cook, top reactions from tech CEOs Nest Labs is adding Google’s facial recognition technology to a high-resolution home-security camera, offering a glimpse of a future in which increasingly intelligent, internet-connected computers can see and understand what’s going on in people’s homes. The Nest Cam IQ will be Nest’s first device to draw upon the same human-like skills that Google has been programming into its computers — for instance, to identify people in images via its widely used photo app. Facebook deploys similar technology to automatically recognize and recommend tags of people in photos posted on its social network. Nest can tap into Google’s expertise in artificial intelligence because both companies are owned by the same parent company, Alphabet Inc. With the new feature, you could program the camera to recognize a child, friend or neighbor, after which it will send you notifications about that person being in the home. Nest isn’t saying much about other potential uses down the road, though one can imagine the camera recognizing when grandparents are visiting and notifying Nest’s internet-connected thermostat to adjust the temperature to what they prefer. Or it might be trained to keep a close eye on the kids when they are home after school to monitor their activities and send alerts when they’re doing something besides a list of approved activities. THE COST OF FACIAL RECOGNITION The new camera will begin shipping in late June for almost $300. You’ll also have to pay $10 a month for a plan that includes facial recognition technology. The same plan will also include other features, such as alerts generated by particular sounds — barking dogs, say — that occur out of the camera’s visual range. The camera will only identify people you select through Nest’s app for iPhones and Android devices. It won’t try to recognize anyone that an owner hasn’t tagged. Even if a Nest Cam IQ video spies a burglar in a home, law enforcement officials will have to identify the suspect through their own investigation and analysis, according to Nest. PRIVACY CONCERNS Facial recognition is becoming more common on home-security cameras. Netatmo , for instance, introduced a security camera touting a similar facial recognition system in 2015. That camera sells for about $200, or $100 less than the Nest Cam IQ. The way that the Nest and Netatmo cameras are being used doesn’t raise serious privacy concerns because they are only verifying familiar faces, not those of complete strangers, said Jennifer Lynch, who specializes in biometrics as a senior staff attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital advocacy group. But Lynch believes privacy issues are bound to crop up as the resolution and zoom capabilities of home security cameras improve, and as engineers develop more sophisticated ways of identifying people even when an image is moving or only a part of a face is visible. Storing home-security videos in remote data centers also raises security concerns about the imagery being stolen by computer hackers. “It definitely could become a slippery slope,” Lynch said. The privacy issues already are thorny enough that Nest decided against offering the facial recognition technology in Illinois, where state law forbids the collection and retention of an individual’s biometric information without prior notification and written permission. FURTHER DETAILS Nest’s $10-a-month subscription includes video storage for 10 days. Video can be stored up to 30 days with an upgrade to a subscription plan costing $30 per month. The high-end camera supplements lower-resolution indoor and outdoor cameras that Nest will continue to sell for almost $200. Neither of the lower-end cameras is equipped for facial recognition. More Related News Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping service case Apple WWDC 2017: Siri speaker is coming, to take on Google Home, Amazon Echo For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App Tags: Google No Comments. Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MHT CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check score card now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE cut ties with Qatar; say it supports 'terrorism' J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora CBI raids underway at NDTV co-founder Prannoy Roy's residence OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Modi and Macron will always have Paris Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested SportsIndia vs Pakistan: Mother of all mismatches SportsWATCH: Wild celebrations after India register big win  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017 keynote: What time is livestream, how to watch and everything else to note Jun 05: Latest News GSLV Mk III, India’s heaviest satellite to be launched today WWE Extreme Rules Results: Samoa Joe becomes no. 1 contender for Brock Lesnar’s WWE Universal Championship CBI raids underway at NDTV co-founder Prannoy Roy’s residence Mexico election: Ruling party has preliminary lead in key state vote Reliance Jio tops chart in 4G download speeds in April again: TRAI report                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to content NFC World Knowledge Centre » Monday 5 June 2017 NFC World News and analysis on the emerging technologies transforming how consumers choose what to buy, who to buy from, and how to pay Home About NFC World Contact us Contribute Advertise Got a tip? CloseMenu News Knowledge Centre Explore… Webinars White papers About the NFC World Knowledge Centre Close More resources NFC phones list Does my phone have NFC? News by company News by country News by date NFC stock and investment Got a story? Tell us! Close Events Partner news Ask the Experts Our partners Trending What’s New in Payments NFC phones NFC Mobile payments HCE Tokenization IoT Feedback LG Pay goes live in Korea with Wireless Magnetic Communication technology Using your gait to power and secure devices MTS adds NFC mobile payments, offers and loyalty to Money Wallet Discover enhances customer service with in-app messaging Android Pay goes live in Taiwan with CTBC and First Bank Android Pay begins its rollout across Canada By Rian Boden • 1 June 20171 June 2017 • nfcworld.com NORTHERN TERRITORY: Canadian consumers can now use Android Pay to make mobile payments Android Pay has begun rolling out across Canada with support for eligible Visa and Mastercard credit cards from BMO Bank of Montreal, CIBC, Banque Nationale, Scotiabank, Desjardins, President’s Choice Financial, ATB Financial and Canadian Tire Financial Services as well as prepaid Scotiabank and Desjardins cards. Support for Interac debit cards will begin rolling out on June 5, while support for American Express cards and Tangerine is expected “later this summer”. “We’ll be rolling out support for top banks over the next several days, and this is just the beginning,” Google’s Pali Bhat writes in a blog post. “We will continue to add even more features, banks and store locations in the coming months, making it even easier to pay with your Android phone. Android Pay also stores your gift cards, loyalty cards and special offers right on your phone.” The mobile payments service will be available in “hundreds of thousands of shops that accept contactless payments” including Tim Hortons, Loblaw, Petro-Canada, McDonald’s, Indigo, Pizza Pizza, Sears Canada and in Telus, Rogers and Freedom Mobile retail stores. Android Pay will also be available for in-app payments with retailers including Lululemon, Uber, Ritual, HotelTonight and more. Banks notably absent from the list include TD Bank and Royal Bank of Canada. According to Google, more technical integration is required for those banks and they are expected to begin offering support in the “next couple of quarters,” ITWorld Canada reports. Sophisticated ecosystem “Users are looking to get more out of their mobile devices and that’s why we’re bringing these services to the Canadian market,” says Spencer Spinnell, the head of emerging platforms at Google. “The US is a fragmented ecosystem — Canada, on the other hand, is much more sophisticated.” Interac debit on Android Pay will be available through issuing banks BMO, CIBC, Desjardins and Scotiabank from June 5, allowing payments through Android Pay to take place at “hundreds of thousands of merchant locations across Canada where Interac Flash contactless payments are already accepted”. Google has also partnered with payment platforms, processors and technology providers including Moneris, Bambora, Chase, Cybersource, First Data, Global Payments, Paysafe, WorldPay and Stripe to “make it even easier to accept Android Pay”. The launch in Canada — which was announced during Google I/O 2017 last month — takes the mobile payment service to a total of 12 markets, following its launch in Russia last week. Android Pay is available in the US, UK, Singapore, Australia, Hong Kong, Poland, New Zealand, Republic of Ireland, Japan and Belgium. Evolving market “Canadians are increasingly turning to mobile payments and by teaming up with Google, we are giving Mastercard cardholders the ability to pay with their Android device,” says Jason Davies, vice president of digital payments at Mastercard. “Now, Android users can add their Mastercard to Android Pay and use their phone to make simple, fast and secure purchases anywhere they can tap.” “As the payment landscape evolves, we strive to offer Canadians innovative and seamless payment experiences that are fast, secure and increasingly digital,” adds Mark O’Connell, president and CEO of Interac. “The launch of Android Pay in Canada will give Interac debit cardholders yet another way to pay using their own money.” “Moneris processes over 3bn transactions annually and of that, we predict 50% will be made by contactless cards or devices by year end,” says Moneris’ Jeff Guthrie. tweet  7  share  6  share  2  share  3  print  Explore: American Express, ATB Financial, Bambora, Banque Nationale, BMO Bank of Montreal, Canadian Tire Financial Services, Chase, CIBC, Cybersource, Desjardins, First Data, Freedom Mobile, Global Payments, Google, HotelTonight, Indigo, Interac, Loblaw, Lululemon Athletica, Mastercard, McDonald's, Moneris Solutions, Paysafe, Petro-Canada, Pizza Pizza, President’s Choice Financial, Ritual, Rogers Wireless, Royal Bank of Canada, Scotiabank, Sears, Stripe, Tangerine, TD Bank Group, Telus, Tim Hortons, Uber, Visa, WorldPay Learn more: Android, Android Pay, App, Contactless, Ecosystem, Gift cards, Google I/O, in-app payments, In-app purchasing, Interac Flash, IT World Canada, Jason Davies, Jeff Guthrie, Loyalty, Mark O’Connell, Mobile banking, Mobile payments, Mobile wallet, Offers, Pali Bhat, Platform, Retail, Spencer Spinnell Territory: Australia, Belgium, Canada, Hong Kong, Ireland/Eire, Japan, New Zealand, Poland, Russia, Singapore, United Kingdom, USA Featured partner: Get NFC World's email newsletter The top industry headlines by email, every Wednesday. Frequency Weekly - every Wednesday Daily - every weekday, at 17:00 UK time Related news Post navigation Belgium gets mobile ID platform that will be supported on all SIM cards across the country 7 in 10 mobile payment users cite security concerns: report What is NFC World? We report on the emerging technologies that are transforming how consumers choose what to buy, who to buy from, and how to pay. Find out more Please consider supporting our work by whitelisting NFC World in your ad blocker Get news from NFC World by email Join 12,900+ others and sign up for our free weekly email news round-up Frequency Weekly - every Wednesday Daily - every weekday, at 17:00 UK time New in the Knowledge Centre What is Samsung Pay and how does it work? What is Android Pay & how does it work? Five factors for quick and effective ID verification deployment Emerging markets: How contactless transactions are making a difference How will we pay in 2020? Latest news LG Pay goes live in Korea with Wireless Magnetic Communication technology Using your gait to power and secure devices MTS adds NFC mobile payments, offers and loyalty to Money Wallet Discover enhances customer service with in-app messaging Android Pay goes live in Taiwan with CTBC and First Bank McDonald’s Taiwan launches smart cards China UnionPay rolls out QR payment solution LG Wallet trademark hints at an Android Pay rival JetBlue to launch first-of-its-kind self-boarding program using facial recognition 7 in 10 mobile payment users cite security concerns: report Subscribe, follow, stay in touch  Follow @nfcw on Twitter  Join the NFC World group on LinkedIn  Get our email newsletter  NFC World on Google+  NFC World on Facebook  RSS news feed Back to top About Contact us Ask us anything! Comment policy Advertise with us Media centre Privacy and cookies Legal Copyright © 2008-2017 SJB Research Ltd. All rights reserved. Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. Got it Learn more
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Google’s new free course could help you land a sweet gig localizing apps by Matthew Hughes — in Design & Dev 949 shares Localization is a vital, but less talked-about part of the technology industry — and it can lead to a lucrative career, too. Now, to help people enter the field, Google just launched a free course on the Udacity online learning platform called Localization Essentials. This six-lesson series is fronted by two Google localization professionals, and features interviews, guides and quizzes, and represents a gentle introduction to the localization field. It introduces you to the challenges localization engineers face on a daily basis, as well as the tools they use. The course also gives you a hint of what you can expect from a career in this field. A career, I should add, that pays pretty decently. I looked up the salaries of localization jobs on Glassdoor. While junior-level professionals don’t really make bank, those in management-level or senior positions do. This isn’t just Google being nice. It’s a vital part of their strategy for growth, as studies show 85-percent of people won’t use a product if it isn’t in their native language. And given that the vast majority of Internet user growth comes from outside the Anglosphere bubble — in India, Africa, and Asia — it’s more vital than ever that Google’s products are universally accessible. And Google is a company with a profound thirst for localizers, thanks to its international focus and global ambitions. It employs a swathe of language experts who, each year, translate 100 different products. According to Christina Hayek, Arabic Language Manager at Google, the company produces the equivalent of 400 copies of Leo Tolstoy’s War and Peace each year in over 70 different tongues. You can check out the course here, and read more about it on the Google Developers Blog. If you’re good with languages and want a job in the technology industry, but don’t necessarily want to be a coder, it’s totally worth checking out. Empowering a new generation of localization professionals on Google Developers Blog Read next: India is definitely the world's next major tech market, says Internet Trends Report GoogleInsights Share on Facebook (324) Share on Twitter (252) Matthew Hughes is a reporter from Liverpool. Happy to hear your thoughts on matthughes@thenextweb.com or @matthewhughes on Twitter. Matthew Hughes is a journalist from Liverpool, England. His interests include security, startups, food, and storytelling. Follow him on Twitter. Contact Mail Tweet Location Liverpool Posts 561 Posts / mo. 53.97   All posts by Matthew > The latest articles around Google How Google is gearing up to destroy shitty ads in Chrome Abhimanyu Ghoshal Meet Google's ambitious (and ludicrously expensive) new London headquarters Matthew Hughes Even Russia's Google is getting into self-driving cars Abhimanyu Ghoshal Here's some more distraction Xbox Game Pass isn't the Netflix of anything Tristan Greene Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson Lyft bests Uber (and others) in latest diversity report Rachel Kaser Donuts delivered via drone is the future we all imagined Rachel Kaser Comments Recommended Semantic banks and why you shouldn't be scared of the financial future Lauren Gilmore Most popular 1 Understand data science with access to dozens of cool courses - for less than $40 TNW Deals 2 Add Python to your web programming arsenal with this complete learning package TNW Deals Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Latest 1 Finding the right community can help your creativity Jory MacKay 2 Add Python to your web programming arsenal with this complete learning package TNW Deals 3 3 powerful ways to hack your life, find focus, and get more done Rebekah Radice 4 Stop trying to ‘be original’ and strive to be prolific instead Chris Smith 5 The Importance Of Stand-Up Desks In Start-Ups Robert Hellson Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Skip to content Naked Security Computer Security News, Advice and Research sophos.com Free Tools Go Award-winning computer security news Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed Chrome bug that lets sites secretly record you ‘not a flaw’, insists Google 31 May 2017 10 Google, Google Chrome, Security threats, Vulnerability Post navigation Previous: News in brief: no laptop ban from EU for now; China warns on new laws; bug bounty scheme for DHS Next: Keybase adds end-to-end encryption to messages on the web by Lisa Vaas 0Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit Remember last year’s Google Chrome bug that gave pirates a way to steal streaming movies? Well, we’re ready for our closeup, Mr DeMille! This time, we’re potentially the stars of hackers’ movies: there’s a Google Chrome “bug” (depending on who you ask) that allows sites to surreptitiously record audio and visual, all without an indicator light. As BleepingComputer reports, AOL web developer Ran Bar-Zik discovered the issue – which Google says is not a security vulnerability – while at work, when he was dealing with a website that ran WebRTC code. WebRTC is a protocol for streaming audio and video content over the internet in real time via peer-to-peer connections. Sophos Home Free home computer security software for all the family Learn More On the “this is not a security bug” side of the coin, a user first has to grant a site permission before it can access audio and video. After a site receives permission to stream audio and visual, it can run JavaScript code that records audio or video content before it sends the content to other participants of an WebRTC stream, as Bar-Zik’s bug report explains. The thing is, the JavaScript doesn’t have to run in the same tab as where the permission was granted. It can record on a separate tab that doesn’t display the graphical red dot that indicates that WebRTC is recording. Thus, after permission is given, the site can listen to the user whenever it – or a hacker – wants to. Th recording process is done via the JavaScript-based MediaRecorder API, according to BleepingComputer. Bar-Zik reported the issue and heard back from Google on the same day. Its argument was that the red circle and dot recording icon aren’t present in all versions of Chrome, so the real way to defend against an attack would be in the permissions popup. Google’s take on it: This isn’t really a security vulnerability – for example, WebRTC on a mobile device shows no indicator at all in the browser. The dot is a best-first effort that only works on desktop when we have chrome UI space available. That being said, we are looking at ways to improve this situation. Bar-Zik doesn’t buy it. He says that it would be pretty easy to trick a victim who’s suffering from “I’m not reading another pop-up, I’ll just click OK” permissions fatigue. “Real-world attacks aren’t going to be very obvious,” he told BleepingComputer. From the writeup: For example, Bar-Zik argues that an attacker could use very small popups to launch the attack code. This code can use the camera for a millisecond to take a user’s picture, or for hours, recording the user’s movements or nearby audio. If the user doesn’t notice the popup in his toolbar, there’s no visual indicator to cue him that someone is accessing his audio and video components. One of the sneakiest scenarios would be if the attacker disguised the popup as a mundane ad. If the user doesn’t immediately close the ad’s popup, an attacker remains with an surveillance channel opened on the user’s PC. An attacker wouldn’t even have to create a website to steal the recording permission, he said. Rather, they could exploit a cross-site scripting (XSS) flaw – also known as one of the web attacks that refuse to die – on legitimate websites that have already been granted audio and video access. Bug? Not bug? You can decide for yourself: Bar-Zik has put up a harmless demo that asks you for permission, launches a popup when you click OK, records 20 seconds of audio, and provides a download link for the recorded file. The proof-of-concept code is also available for download here. Follow @NakedSecurity Follow @LisaVaas audio Bug Ran Bar-Zik recording surveillance Video WebRTC Free tools Sophos Home for Windows and Mac XG Firewall Home Edition Mobile Security for Android Virus Removal Tool Antivirus for Linux Post navigation Previous: News in brief: no laptop ban from EU for now; China warns on new laws; bug bounty scheme for DHS Next: Keybase adds end-to-end encryption to messages on the web About the author Lisa Vaas I've been writing about technology, careers, science and health since 1995. I rose to the lofty heights of Executive Editor for eWEEK, popped out with the 2008 crash, joined the freelancer economy, and am still writing for my beloved peeps at places like Sophos's Naked Security, CIO Mag, ComputerWorld, PC Mag, IT Expert Voice, Software Quality Connection, Time, and the US and British editions of HP's Input/Output. I respond to cash and spicy sites, so don't be shy. 10 comments on “Chrome bug that lets sites secretly record you ‘not a flaw’, insists Google” Anonymous says: May 31, 2017 at 12:48 pm Is there a way to disable? Reply cfbcfb says: May 31, 2017 at 1:47 pm Yes. Either disconnect the camera/microphone or disable javascript. Disabling javascript is a bit of a pain, as you have to individually authorize each site to use it, however it stops a lot of autoplay videos, animated ads and other shenanigans cold. Reply Anonymous says: May 31, 2017 at 2:04 pm Indeed, I would like a “Don’t allow any site to record me ever, don’t bother even asking permission” setting. Reply Richard says: May 31, 2017 at 2:54 pm Disable WebRTC which honestly from a security and privacy standpoint you should have disabled anyway as it leaks information such as your real IP address and location even when using a VPN. Reply Jonathan Taylor says: May 31, 2017 at 7:10 pm There sure is a way to “disable” this. You can learn to read. Reply Max says: May 31, 2017 at 1:19 pm Well, if it’s intended behavior it’s certainly not a bug. It is however very much a vulnerability. But I don’t think a recording indicator is a good mitigation. The way I see it the only real way to mitigate it is to make the permissions more finely grained and to limit the scope to which they apply. Reply Anonymous says: May 31, 2017 at 1:42 pm Click the Chrome menu Chrome menu on the browser toolbar. Select Settings. Click Show advanced settings. In the “Privacy” section, click Content settings. In the “Media” section: Ask when a site requires access to your camera and microphone: Select this option if you want Chrome to alert you whenever a site requests access to your camera and microphone. Do not allow sites to access your camera and microphone: Select this option to automatically deny any site requests to access your camera and microphone. Click Manage exceptions to remove previously-granted permissions for specific sites. You can learn more here. Reply EpicKip says: May 31, 2017 at 2:17 pm Google is correct, its not a bug. Users have to enable the permission for the site. The fact that they don’t pay attention to what permissions they’re granting isn’t googles fault. The only thing that is hidden is the indicator that its actually recording, but if you don’t allow it in the first place that’s not an issue. Reply David Bacher (@davebac) says: June 1, 2017 at 3:09 am It’s a flaw in how JavaScript does security — fundamentally. We complained about it when Microsoft tried to do it in 1998, and prevented it from becoming a standard. Just about everything in HTML5 — very nearly all of it — is stuff the security community, some of your employees at Sophos included, directly objected to when Microsoft tried to do it in 1998 to 2000. The difference is there are enough users now that it doesn’t matter what security experts / people think about how safe something is (or isn’t). It’s going to happen and be pulled into JavaScript and HTML regardless, because Google can simultaneously drop any discussion about the negatives straight off of search, and get a handful of evangelists very excited about whatever technology to promote it. At the end of the day, nearly 100% of what HTML5 added can be abused, and same site origin is getting to be a massive problem. Sites are pulling in scripts from dozens of CDN’s, and it’s all just a giant gaping security hole. All we can do is plug the worst of it, after it happens — and hope that it doesn’t take a disaster for Google to start listening. Reply Rogun says: June 1, 2017 at 2:04 pm I’ve considered this a problem for years, and I don’t consider it a problem with Chrome, anymore than I do for any other browser. It’s no more Google’s fault, then Microsoft, Apple or any other browser creatot. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Recommended reads Sep05 by Maria Varmazis 1 Google Chrome fixes serious vulnerabilities, thanks to bug fighters Jun28 by Mark Stockley 2 Chrome bug gives pirates a way to steal streaming movies Jun17 by Lee Munson 0 Google launches Android bug bounty program Mar08 by Graham Cluley 5 Chrome falls in first five minutes at Pwn2Own vulnerability contest Jan29 by Graham Cluley 0 Leet Chrome bug finders can bag $1337 reward from Google Sep03 by Paul Ducklin 0 Will Google Chrome make better browsers of us all? SOPHOS About Naked Security About Sophos Send us a tip Cookies Privacy Legal Network Protection XG Firewall UTM Secure Wi-Fi Secure Web Gateway Secure Email Gateway Enduser Protection Enduser Protection Bundles Endpoint Antivirus Sophos Cloud Mobile Control SafeGuard Encryption Server Protection Virtualization Security Server Security SharePoint Security Network Storage Antivirus PureMessage Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed © 1997 - 2017 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Share 63 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-05 ‘The White Princess’ Stuns With Devastating Finale [Episode 8 Recap and Review] [Opinion] Entertainment 2017-06-04 Wiz Khalifa’s Ex Amber Rose Dodges Million Dollar Lawsuit Entertainment 2017-06-02 Kandi Burruss Almost Left ‘Real Housewives Of Atlanta’ Because Of Phaedra Parks And Porsha Williams Entertainment 2017-06-02 Marilyn Monroe’s Home Sells Over Asking Price, But Is It Haunted By Her Ghost? Some Say Yes News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-06-04 Kesha Records New Music With Eagles Of Death Metal, Dr. Luke No Longer The CEO Of Sony’s Kemosabe Records Opinion 2017-06-04 Despite Trump, People Are Still Working Towards Saving The Planet [Opinion] News 2017-06-04 Cash Freeman: Oklahoma Man Shoots And Kills Neighbor Who Was Trying To Drown Infant Twins News 2017-06-04 Alaska Volcano Eruption 2017: Expert Explains Why Predicting When Bogoslof Volcano Will Erupt Is Tricky Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-06-04 WWE Extreme Rules 2017 Results Wrestling 2017-06-04 Backstage News Regarding Future Of American Alpha, Jason Jordan Could Be Breakout Star Basketball 2017-06-04 NBA Mock Draft 2017: Report Places Lonzo Ball In Top Five, But Not Above Josh Jackson Wrestling 2017-06-04 Huge Spoiler For Jinder Mahal/Randy Orton Rivalry Heading Into Rematch Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-06-04 ‘Alien’ Yoga: The Newest Fitness Rage That Contorts Your Midsection In Otherworldly Way Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Seven Helpful Things To Do By Yourself Before Getting Married [Opinion] Beauty, Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Breaking The Internet & Stereotypes, Sudanese Model Nyakim Gatwech Is A Slap On Our Skin-Color Obsessed World Lifestyle 2017-06-03 June Is Adopt A Rescue Cat Month — Here’s What You Need To Know Before Bringing A Shelter Cat Home Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-06-03 June Is Alzheimer’s And Brain Awareness Month — Why People Are Displaying Purple And How You Can Show Support Health 2017-06-03 Ambrosia Offers Fountain Of Youth To Older Adults, New Treatment Can Potentially Reverse Aging Health 2017-06-03 Bradley Lowery’s Mother Reveals In Heartbreaking Facebook Post That The Five-Year-Old Has ‘Only Weeks To Live’ Health 2017-06-02 Flesh-Eating Bacteria Kills Man Who Took Swim After Getting New Tattoo Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-06-04 Valve Promises Low Fee For Steam Direct Gaming 2017-06-04 Top ‘Overwatch’ Player Hacks To Rank: DDOS Attacks Abound Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘Kingdom Hearts’ Orchestra World Tour Features Exclusive New Story Scenes, Concert Comes To U.S. This Summer Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘The Sims 4’ Pets DLC Rumor: New Leak Hints Horses Scrapped, November Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Newborn Horse Learns To Eat: Viral Photo Draws Crowd, Fun Facts About Newborn Horses Are Just As Captivating News 2017-06-04 Portland Protests Update: Demonstrations Turn Violent At Pro-Trump, Alt-Right Rally BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Unfazed By Approaching Tornado, Canadian Man Trims Lawn BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Gyrating Drag Queen At Grade School Show Shocks And Peeves Off Parents — Video [Opinion] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss America’s Most Misspelled Words: Here Are Some Common Words Many Americans Whiff On BuzzWorthy 63 0 0 June 1, 2017 America’s Most Misspelled Words: Here Are Some Common Words Many Americans Whiff On Lorenzo Tanos The Scripps National Spelling Bee kicked off yesterday, and Google Trends celebrated the 90th edition of the competition by publishing a map that features America’s most misspelled words. Are you prepared to be surprised by which words, many of which are fairly common, throw people off when they try to spell them? According to E! News, Google Trends got its data from “how to spell” search results across all 50 states and the District of Columbia, with the data collected from January through April. And a look at America’s most misspelled words per states reveals some surprisingly common words, including some that were only one to five characters in length; the words “sense” (Oregon), “quote” (Idaho), “angel” (North Carolina), and “nanny” (Mississippi) were among the shortest, yet frequently-misspelled words revealed on the new map. Yet the shortest word commonly misspelled by Americans was “gray,” which led in the state of Georgia. The seemingly common word “beautiful” was the most misspelled word in five states, namely California, Kentucky Minnesota, New York, and Ohio. The word “banana” threw off New Mexico residents, while the word “people” seemed to have left a lot of Hawaiians scratching their heads. But it was almost a case of trolling when the most difficult word to spell for residents of Wisconsin was the very name of their state. America's most misspelled words – it's #spellingbee week and we mapped top "how to spell" searches by state#dataviz pic.twitter.com/oHkRHj8Eku — GoogleTrends (@GoogleTrends) May 30, 2017 Then again, the map showing America’s most misspelled words had some rather justifiable entires, such as “hallelujah” proving hard to spell for people in Delaware and Indiana, and “pneumonia” challenging those who live in Alabama, Maine, and Washington state. And in a rather unusual note, the word “supercalifragilisticexpialidocious” of Mary Poppins fame looked to be the most frequently misspelled word for two states, Connecticut and West Virginia. As mentioned, Google Trends’ post of commonly misspelled words per state was shared in preparation for the 90th Scripps National Spelling Bee, which started Wednesday at the Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center in Oxon Hill, Md., and saw 40 children named as finalists. A report from the Washington Post took a look at some of the children who took part in yesterday’s eliminations, including six-year-old Oklahoma girl Edith Fuller, who had spelled the word “tapas” (savory Spanish appetizers) correctly after asking for a definition and alternate pronunciations. At six-years-old, Edith Fuller on Wednesday became the youngest person to take part in the Scripps National Spelling Bee. [Image by Alex Wong/Getty Images] Edith Fuller would make history as the youngest-ever contestant in the Scripps National Spelling Bee, but wasn’t able to make it to the finals. Still, she was one of many children who made a big splash yesterday, and “tapas” was certainly a much bigger, more obscure word than most of the others mentioned among America’s most misspelled words. “Pontifical” (being in relation to the Pope, or the quality of being arrogant and feeling infallible) and “dietetic” (relating to diet or nutrition) were two other words that got some of this year’s Scripps spelling bee contestants eliminated. Both are longer and deeper than the average misspelled word on the Google Trends map, and as Owen Good of Polygon recalled in this humorous retrospective on the state spelling bees he and his brother joined in the 1980s, it’s common for children to be given difficult words with pronunciations that may or may not be reflective of how the words are normally spoken out. Indeed, it can be hard if you’re a child encountering a new word for the first time while taking part in a spelling competition, especially the prestigious Scripps National Spelling Bee. But ABC News pointed out that even the adults behind Google Trends committed a faux pas or two when publishing its map with America’s most misspelled words. Google placed the word “nintey” (instead of “ninety”) next to Washington, D.C.’s place on the map, then later on teased an update by asking followers to “see which states swill [sic] change results.” [Featured Image by David P. Smith/Shutterstock] Share 63 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Lorenzo Tanos Tags: misspelled words, scripps national spelling bee, spelling August 18, 2015 Cong. Bob Goodlatte Has Strongly Supported The Tenth Amendment August 17, 2015 Is Rand Paul Disappearing From The Presidential Race? Comments LATEST HEADLINES Is Ariana Grande Getting Married Soon? Pop Star Performs With Beau On June 4 Concert Wearing Engagement Ring Kendall Jenner: Why She’s Refusing To Dump A$ap Rocky Despite Hectic ‘KUWTK’ Career Brad Pitt Ecstatic To Be Single, Happy With Angelina Jolie Divorce — Couple Remain On Good Terms Newborn Horse Learns To Eat: Viral Photo Draws Crowd, Fun Facts About Newborn Horses Are Just As Captivating Portland Protests Update: Demonstrations Turn Violent At Pro-Trump, Alt-Right Rally Liberals Are More Upset About Paris Climate Agreement Than London Terrorist Attack [Opinion] ‘Alien Megastructure’ Star Not So Alien: Dimming Due To Giant Ringed Planet, Astronomers Posit Michael Giacchino, ‘Spider-Man: Homecoming’ Composer, Wrote ‘Rogue One’ Score In Nearly Four Weeks T.I. Spoiling Bernice Burgos For Affection Amid Claims Tiny Harris Wants To Reconcile Robby Hayes Joins ‘Bachelor In Paradise’ Cast: A Woman From His Past May Surprise Him In ‘Paradise’ Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories George Clooney Skips Humanitarian Award Ceremony To Be With Amal During The Childbirth 16.6k 0 0 Trump’s 11-Year-Old Son Thought Beheaded Image Was Real 17.4k 0 0 James Comey Testimony Could Be Blocked By White House, Raising Talk Of Impeachment 10.3k 0 0 House Ethics Complaints Filed Against Paul Ryan And Devin Nunes For Obstruction Of Justice 6.6k 0 0 Leah Remini And Kevin James Back Together: ‘King Of Queens’ Carrie Joins ‘Kevin Can Wait’ As Series Regular 8.4k 0 0 Kathy Griffin Breaks Down At Press Conference Over Photo: ‘Donald Trump Ruined My Life, But I Won’t Stop’ 8.4k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
ITProPortal Search RSS News Features Analysis Guides Reviews Categories Business Hardware Security Software Mobile Enterprise Cloud Networks Public Sector Startups Web Gmail boosts security protection for enterprise customers By Anthony Spadafora News  Email service updated to provide better protection against malware, phishing scams and more. Shares Google has updated Gmail with a number of new security features aimed at businesses that require better protection against malware and phishing scams.  The company announced today that it is bringing early phishing detection to its email service by using machine learning along with click-time warnings for malicious links found in emails as well as unintended external reply warnings.  Currently phishing detection and click-time warnings are available to those using the consumer version of Gmail, but now enterprises will be able to take advantage of these features as well.  Google has already been leveraging the power of machine learning to block spam and phishing messages from showing up in our inboxes with a great deal of accuracy.  According to the company, Gmail can prevent these types of malicious messages “with over 99.9 per cent accuracy.”  The whole process has its own dedicated machine learning model that delays messages on a selective basis in order to perform meticulous analysis of the emails in question.  Google's detection model utilises its own Safe Browsing service which contains a list of URLs known by ISPs, Chrome and other browsers to contain malware or phishing content.  Gmail is then able to use this data to generate new URL click-time warnings for malicious links and the company has stated that the service will continue to improve over time.  In an effort to prevent data loss, Gmail is now able to display unintended external reply warnings to its users.  Anytime someone tries to send an email to another user who does not have the same company domain, a quick warning will be shown to make sure that they did in fact intend to send that email.  However, existing contacts and recipients from previous emails will not cause Gmail to flash a warning message.  Google's new security features are designed to protect its users even further by preventing “millions of additional emails that can harm users.”  The new features are available now and will hopefully keep you and your organisation safer online.  Image Credit: Antb / Shutterstock Topics business malware ransomware phishing google gmail machine learning safe browsing GET YOUR FREE MAGAZINE NET: The Money Issue worth £5.99 Join over 7000 ITProPortal subscribers! Sign up for a new, free business service from ITProPortal to help you in your job delivering high value, original content direct to your inbox GET MY FREE MAGAZINE No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 How to insert a tick or a cross symbol in Microsoft Word and Excel 2 How to turn off 'OK Google' voice search 3 How to start page numbering from a specific page in Word 4 A guide to deleting your accounts from any website: From Amazon to Facebook 5 The ‘open banking revolution’ and the tech underpinning banks’ digital transformation 1 Making decisions with data – the role for machine learning in analytics 2 Six in ten companies still don’t know who has access to their critical data 3 What is the future of the IBM mainframe? 4 Data scientists have the potential to help save the world 5 Six trends that will make business more intelligent in 2017 ITProPortal is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter tech US world science US politics business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Google Ask Jack Is there a good tablet to replace a slow and laggy Google Nexus 9? Said’s parents use his tablet for surfing the internet, but it is becoming more sluggish and needs an upgrade. What could replace it? ‘My parents use for sofa-surfing and to access the internet when travelling. But in recent months, it has been running slower and slower.’ Photograph: Alamy Stock Photo Google Ask Jack Is there a good tablet to replace a slow and laggy Google Nexus 9? Said’s parents use his tablet for surfing the internet, but it is becoming more sluggish and needs an upgrade. What could replace it? Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Jack Schofield Thursday 1 June 2017 05.51 EDT I own a Google Nexus 9, which my parents use for sofa-surfing and to access the internet when travelling. But in recent months, it has been running slower and slower. I’ve managed to get them to delete any large files and apps they aren’t using, but I think that, given the specs, it’s due an upgrade. It won’t be getting Android updates past Nougat 7.1.1 either. What would you recommend to replace it? I’d like to get something with stock Android rather than a skinned version, partly because of the delays to upgrades of custom versions of Android, and also to remove any bloat. I’m reluctant to purchase an Amazon Fire tablet, because the screens are of a lower resolution. Said The Google Nexus 9 was launched in November 2014 and HTC had ceased manufacturing by May 2016. However, you can still buy them, and the Nexus 9 even features on some of this year’s “best buy” lists of Android tablets. Unfortunately, it appears that some Nexus 9 tablets have been “slow and laggy”. Clearly, not every Nexus 9 performs badly, but a web search finds plenty of complaints, and numerous attempts to fix them. Rather than dumping your Nexus 9, you could try to fix it. Alternatively, you could sell it on ebay and put the money towards a replacement. Nexus 9 fixes Your email suggests you’ve tried some of the fixes suggested by Nexus Help. If none of them worked, try Wipe cache partition: Google Nexus 9, because it’s easy and it doesn’t remove your settings and data. After that, the usual approach with any Android device is to reset it to factory condition. Nexus Help provides instructions. The usual caveats apply: you must know your user name and password. You must back up your data or you will lose it. A more extreme approach is to use your PC to download a new factory image and install that. It’s complicated, but Techno Bill provides a good guide: How To Flash A Nexus 9 With A Factory Image. Assuming your Nexus 9 is already out of guarantee, you could even try an alternative image from the Pure Nexus Project. Bear in mind that if something goes wrong, your device will probably end up bricked. Processor choice The Google Nexus 9 has a large and somewhat unusual processor: the Nvidia Tegra K1. I’ve not had the pleasure of using one, but according to Notebookcheck’s table of benchmarks, it appears to be roughly as fast as a Mediatek MT8176, an Apple A8 and a Qualcomm Snapdragon 801. There are worse chips still in use, but you might want to get something with a faster CPU, if you can afford it. Today’s fastest tablet chips include the Apple A9X and two “octocore” chips: Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 835 and Samsung’s Exynos 8895. All three are powerful enough to run Microsoft Windows 10, so they shouldn’t struggle with Android. The cheaper mainstream options include another three 8-core chips – Samsung’s Exynos 7420, Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 820 and Nvidia’s Tegra X1 – plus the Apple A9 used in this year’s 9.7in iPad and the old iPhone 6. All four are roughly as powerful as an Intel Atom x7-Z8750. A slower Snapdragon 810 would also be acceptable. Below that, you’re getting back into Tegra K1 territory. Which tablet? You won’t be surprised to hear that you probably can’t get what you want at a reasonable price, at least from the major brands. Your best bet might be one of the Chinese tablets, with which I am not familiar. Perhaps readers can suggest options in the comments below. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google’s Pixel C tablet with keyboard. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian As it is, affordable Android tablets tend to use chips that are no more powerful than the one in your Nexus 9. In fact, the widely recommended 8in Nvidia Shield K1 – which is The Wirecutter’s top pick – uses a Tegra K1, like your Nexus 9. You could go for one of the Samsung Galaxy Tab range, but you’ve essentially disallowed those by asking for “something with stock Android rather than a skinned version”. Google’s Pixel C looks good, and has 3GB of memory and a fast Tegra X1. But, frankly, the price is silly: on Amazon it costs £538.52 for the tablet, or £657.52 with the matching keyboard. You could buy a good Windows 10 Ultrabook or 2-in-1 tablet/laptop for less. The 10.1in Lenovo Yoga Tab 3 Pro is also pricey at £399.99, but you get 4GB of memory, 64GB of eMMC storage, and an Intel Z8550 for that. Whether the operating system will get more than one upgrade is another matter. There is no shortage of Android tablets that have much the same specification as the one you already have, which is why I’ve suggested you try to fix your Nexus 9. You could buy one to last a couple of years while you wait for something better to turn up. Alternatively, unless your parents are wedded to Android, consider a 9.7in Apple iPad (2017), which is decent value at £339. Why not Amazon Fire? When it comes to “cheap and cheerful” tablets, it’s hard to beat the Amazon Fire range. Technically, these are not Android tablets, and they cannot access the Google Play store. They run a forked version of AOSP (Android Open Source Project), which doesn’t include all the proprietary Google code. There are several reasons why Amazon Fire tablets are cheap. One is that they are shop fronts for Amazon products and services, including music and movies. If you are, like me, an Amazon Prime member, this isn’t much of a drawback, but I expect it’s annoying if you’re not. Amazon has its own store to compensate for the lack of access to Google Play Services, and you have to use its Silk browser instead of Chrome. Amazon’s store doesn’t have anything like as many apps, and not all Android apps can be made to run. In extremis, you may be able to sideload Google Play and run real Android apps on a Fire tablet, but this isn’t supported by either Google or Amazon. Either way, you can get an 8in All-New Fire HD tablet with Alexa for £79.99, or an older 10in version for £169.99. The price goes up by £10 if you choose “without special offers” (ie adverts). As you know, these are low-resolution tablets: they only display 1280 x 800 pixels. However, I’ve found this perfectly acceptable for casual use on my original 10in Fire tablet, and the 8in screen has a better PPI rating (189 vs 149). A couple of the new 8in tablets with Alexa would probably keep your parents happy for £160. They start shipping in the UK on 7 June. If you need a bigger screen, wait until the all-new version of the 10in tablet appears with Alexa. This ships in the USA on 15 July. Have you got another question for Jack? Email it to Ask.Jack@theguardian.com Topics Google Ask Jack Tablet computers Alphabet Computing iPad Amazon features Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Technology › Google tech US world science US politics business back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
International Business Times, Singapore Edition International Business Times, Singapore Edition News Islamic State claims responsibility for London attack China sets up world's biggest floating solar power plant SHOCKING: Great Barrier Reef can no longer be saved 47-year-old Singaporean man arrested for assaulting Hong Kong police officer Philippines Drug Enforement Agency recaptures Korean-American 'ecstacy' trader World China sets up world's biggest floating solar power plant SHOCKING: Great Barrier Reef can no longer be saved 47-year-old Singaporean man arrested for assaulting Hong Kong police officer Six killed as militants plough van into crowd on London Bridge, stab others United States might ban laptops on all international flights Asia Pacific China sets up world's biggest floating solar power plant 47-year-old Singaporean man arrested for assaulting Hong Kong police officer Philippines Drug Enforement Agency recaptures Korean-American 'ecstacy' trader Philippines authorities fear Abu Sayyaf role as 2 Japanese tourists go missing Philippines, Mexico discuss new ways to enhance trade Business Deutsche Bank: Deeper Asean integration is the key to achieve AEC 2025 Vision CapitaLand acquires Guozheng Center as it ditches Innov Tower in Shanghai NWC submits $60 wage hike proposal for low-wage workers SGX wants more tech startups to launch IPOs in Singapore SIA adds Stockholm as second Scandinavian destination Technology iOS 11, macOS 10.13 expected to debut at WWDC 2017 Windows 10's next features surface in Microsoft's wrongly-released test build Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Essential PH-1: Which is better? OnePlus 5: New leaks suggest 3300mAh battery, thinner display, dual camera Google releases list of devices with latest security patch Sports Novak Djokovic vs Albert Ramos-Vinolas, French Open 2017: Live streaming informa Rafael Nadal v Roberto Bautista Agut, French Open 2017 live streaming: How to wa Sai Praneeth vs Jonathan Christie, Thailand Open 2017 final live streaming: How India vs Pakistan, Champions Trophy 2017 live streaming: How to watch match onli Real Madrid vs Juventus, Champions League 2016/17 final live streaming: How to w Entertainment 13 Reasons Why Season 2 to be back in 2018: Here's what we know so far Circle: Gong Seung Yeon to be seen in different look for 2037 time period Fight My Way: Drama takes turn as Park Seo Joon confesses his feelings to Kim Ji That's so Raven's spin-off show: First trailer focuses on 'Raven's Home', her ch Produce 101: Concept challenge winners, rankings revealed Health Fiber-rich diet helps in lowering risk of painful osteoarthritis: Study Italian coffee helps to lower prostate cancer risk: Study Ireland tops new global healthcare system rankings, Singapore in 21st spot 3D-printed ovaries can help infertile women get pregnant: Study Lifestyle In Pictures: Beautiful images of underground metro stations in Moscow Australia's Great Barrier Reef cannot be saved by current efforts: Find out why Learning Korean from K-drama: 10 favourite words from Korean dramas! Instagram rated worst social network for mental health: Find out why! Michelin to launch second edition of Singapore guide 2017 on June 29 Search News Technology Apple Siri speaker could be set for WWDC debut June 1, 2017 16:42 SGT By Mario Manlupig, Jr Reuters The 2017 Worldwide Developers Congress kicks off on 5 June in San Jose, California and there is no announcement from Apple yet whether or not it is making Siri speaker's first appearance at the event. Tech pundits, however, believe that there is a new Amazon Echo and Google Home rival that will be introduced later this week. Here's what has been revealed so far about Apple's Siri speaker. The Siri speaker has appeared in Apple's devices already in some ways. While fans are waiting for a standalone device to be launched soon and compete against industry rivals Amazon and Google, there seem to be a few hints coming that an imminent debut is happening. A Bloomberg report reveals that Apple has started the production of the smart speaker, and it might start shipping by the end of the year. The Siri speaker is expected to sport a surround sound and a support for Apple HomeKit products. Earlier in May, there had been speculations already that the forthcoming Apple speaker will have an integrated touchscreen after Apple senior vice president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller commented his disappointment over Amazon and Google's masterpieces. He was quoted telling Gadgets 360, "Well, I won't talk to either one specifically, [I] don't want to. My mother used to have a saying that if you don't have something nice to say, say nothing at all". The executive further discussed the essence of a screen in terms of interaction. He said, "There's many moments where a voice assistant is really beneficial, but that doesn't mean you'd never want a screen. So the idea of not having a screen, I don't think suits many situations." Amazon's Alexa sports a touchscreen display for video calls and live security camera viewing, while Google's Home does not have. Famed Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo believed the chances of Apple presenting the Siri speaker during the WWDC event. As for the price point, he forecasted that the device will be much more expensive that Amazon Echo's US$179.99 tag. Related Apple to enter smart home assistant market with potential Amazon Echo-killer Latest WhatsApp update lets Siri read messages out loud to users Apple releases iOS 10.3 with Find My AirPods, enhanced Siri and other improvements: Full changelog revealed Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots READ MORE Revamped MacBook, new iPad models to take centre stage at WWDC 2017 Nubia Z17 stuns in Qualcomm's fast charging technology Nokia 9: New benchmark test reveals specifications matching Galaxy S8 PlayStation 5 rumours: Sony console to offer native 4K resolution to outrank competitors? IOS 11, macOS 10.13 expected to debut at WWDC 2017 Follow Us: Windows 10's next features surface in Microsoft's wrongly-released test build Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Essential PH-1: Which is better? OnePlus 5: New leaks suggest 3300mAh battery, thinner display, dual camera Video game news round-up: Overwatch moon map, Nintendo Switch Online and amp; Pokemon Gos summer plans Google releases list of devices with latest security patch Home News World Asia Pacific Business Technology Sports Entertainment Health Lifestyle About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, Singapore Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Mumbai Rains #Champions Trophy #Priyanka Chopra #Mumbai Crime #Baywatch #Virat Kohli DOWNLOAD APP:| Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election Sports IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news Crime News National MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election TOP STORIES Pakistan woman guns down husband for sexually abusing daughter-in-law Miracle in Mumbai: Girl crossing tracks gets run over by train, survives ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime Navi Mumbai headless torso Devendra Fadnavis BMC Narendra Modi SPORTS IPL News Cricket Football MORE IN SPORTS IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES Champions Trophy: India defeat Pakistan by 124 runs via D/L method India vs Pakistan: Virat Kohli has a 'good headache' to deal with ToPICs IPL News Virat Kohli MS Dhoni Virender Sehwag Manchester United Yuvraj Singh Life & style Horoscope Dr.Love Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES These are the Mumbai peeps you should go to when you want something quirky Here's why chef Gaggan Anand is shutting down Asia's best restaurant ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Television Hollywood MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema TOP STORIES Bollywood's fittest moms reveal their secret to stay in shape Salman Khan was asked why he still lives in a flat. His response is a must-read ToPICs Karan Johar Akshay Kumar Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan Sports News Cricket News PrevNext Champions Trophy 2017 gets a super cool Google Doodle By mid-day online correspondent | Mumbai | Posted 01-Jun-2017Now Available on the mid-day iOS App, Download Now Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Google on Thursday marked the beginning of the 2017 Champions Trophy tournament with a very interesting Doodle. The Google Doodle allows Google user to indulge in some fun during the day by playing a game of cricket. The game has the user (you) playing a grasshopper as the batsman while you face a team of snails as your opponent. The objective of the game is to score as many runs as you can through singles, twos, threes, fours and sixes before being dismissed. The Champions Trophy begins today with hosts England taking on Bangladesh in the opener. Google has surely found a way to get users hooked on to the Champions Trophy tournament.   Download the new mid-day android app to get updates on all the latest and trending stories on the go https://goo.gl/8Xlcvr Tags: Champions Trophy 2017 Champions Trophy Google Doodle Champions Trophy doodle champions trophy google doodle champions trophy season cricket news Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Previous StoryChampions Trophy: Harbhajan Singh backs Team India coach Anil KumbleNext Story Champions Trophy: England ride on Joe Root ton to crush Bangladesh by 8 wickets Related Stories Champions Trophy: Fun and tension grips Edgbaston gates before big battle Cricket News | 31 minutes ago Champions Trophy: Steven Smith urges Australia to step on the gas Cricket News | 1 hour Champions Trophy: Here's how Rohit Sharma worked tirelessly to perfect his technique Cricket News | 2 hours Champions Trophy: India defeat Pakistan by 124 runs via D/L method Cricket News | 04-Jun-2017 Virat Kohli feels Team India is like a normal family with problems Cricket News | 04-Jun-2017 Champions Trophy: Anil Kumble shares romantic photo with wife Chethana in London Cricket News | 04-Jun-2017 You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding Watch Video: Bollywood celebrities who got secretly married Bollywood News|04-Jun-2017 'Pardes Mein Hai Mera Dil' actor Arjun Bijlani hospitalised Television News|03-Jun-2017 'O Jejus!' These bizarre photos of Rakhi Sawant will make you cringe Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Jiah Khan's death anniversary: 28 celebs who died young Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 When exes Shahid and Kareena were at the same place, same time Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Deepika Padukone looks hot flaunting her toned legs in high heels Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Mumbai: 20-year-old tortured till she miscarried baby girl National News|03-Jun-2017 Katrina reveals her feelings of reuniting with Salman after 5 years Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Rakhi Sawant in trouble again, non-bailable warrant issued in Valmiki case National News|02-Jun-2017 Sanath Jayasuriya's sex tape with ex Maleeka Sirisena leaked! Cricket News|02-Jun-2017 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented Pakistan woman guns down husband for sexually abusing daughter-in-law Crime News|59 minutes ago Next change: Hindustan Columnists News|1 hour Mumbai: Cop holds on to thief despite getting punched in the ear Crime News|1 hour Salman Khan: Failure in personal relationships is the loveliest thing ever Bollywood News|1 hour BSEB Result 2017: Bihar Board 12th Result on May 30, check biharboard.ac.in Board Exam Result News|29-May-2017 Babri Masjid demolition case: CBI court grants bail to L K Advani and 5 others National News|30-May-2017 CBSE 10th Result 2017: CBSE Results 2017 on June 3; check cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|02-Jun-2017 Special Air India flight ferries bodies of Uttarakhand bus crash victims to Indo National News|25-May-2017 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2017 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserved. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
X SORRY, No RESULTS FOUND LOAD MORE Technology notification hi, my dashboard profile setting logout sign in / sign up Home News Apps Science And Future FOR YOU Trending Play A Game Of Cricket, With Crickets, In Google's Latest Doodle For The ICC Champions... 457 SHARES Home News india world sports weird Technology News Apps Science And Future Lifestyle self style who we are travel food Entertainment bollywood celebscoop hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Sports Videos Trending Home > Technology > News Play A Game Of Cricket, With Crickets, In Google's Latest Doodle For The ICC Champion's Trophy Gwyn D'Mello June 01, 2017 457 SHARES India is gearing up for the 2017 ICC Champions Trophy, and Google wants to get in on the action. The search engine released an adorable Google Doodle today to celebrate the start of the tournament today, with an interactive game of critter cricket. You play as the batsmen, who are both crickets, versus an enemy team of snails. All you have to do is click to swing your bat and the crickets take their runs automatically.  It seems Google has even gone the extra mile to make the doodle accessible to people on a slower mobile connection, so don’t be afraid to try it out at least once. The game even tracks your highest score, just for additional addictive factor. The ICC Champion’s Trophy begins today, with England playing the first match against Bangladesh at The Oval in London, at 3 pm today. The top 8 cricketing countries, India, Pakistan, Australia, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, England, South Africa and New Zealand, are all participating. Don't Miss India Vs Pakistan: 5 Reasons Why You Absolutely Cannot Miss The India-Pakistan Match 5.9K SHARES Google Chrome Will Be Blocking Invasive And Annoying Ads From 2018, Even The Ones From Google 278 SHARES With 6.5Mbps Average Internet Speed, India Ranks 89th In The World, Behind Sri Lanka & Vietnam 3.6K SHARES 'Aliens Aren't Just Real, They've Already Visited Us,' Believes Aerospace Billionaire From US 1.3K SHARES Indians Spend The Most Time Online On Android In The World & Are Obsessed With WhatsApp & Jio 1.2K SHARES 457 SHARES PROMOTED STORIES State Farm Insurance Hit big savings on insurance with State Farm® KiwiReport Ever Wonder Why Marisa Tomei Never Had Children? INC | Prezi The Best Way To Give A Presentation, According To Science Arizona State University Online Students: Discover Habits for Success Soldiers: Free Online Game If you own a computer you must try this game WebMD Lifestyle Factors That Can Cause ED just in Science And Future 246 SHARES Curiosity Rover Finds That A Stratified Lake Existed On Mars Three Billion Years Ago Partner 5.9K SHARES India Vs Pakistan: 5 Reasons Why You Absolutely Cannot Miss The India-Pakistan Match Science And Future Researchers "Hack" A Dragonfly To Turn It Into A Miniature Remote-Controlled Cyborg Drone Apps 181 SHARES This App Turns Your Smartphone Camera Into A Smart Document Scanner Unlike Any Other Out There Find a State Farm® agent near you! State Farm Insurance Science And Future Researchers Modify Killer Antibiotic To Make It 25,000 Times Better Against Resilient Bacteria Partner 5.1K SHARES Ranbir Kapoor’s Latest Travel Video Is Something Every Traveller Must Watch. We Are Definitely Loving It Science And Future 171 SHARES We Should Stop Worrying About Robots Taking Our Jobs And Start Asking Ourselves: What Next? Science And Future 1.1K SHARES Next Mass Extinction Of Life On Earth Will Be Brought By Growing Human Population, Say Scientists Presenting The 10 Best Luxury Cars Under $35,000 Kelley Blue Book Gadgets 2.8K SHARES Intel Shrinks The Desktop Computer Down To A Credit Card That You Can Carry In Your Pocket News 182 SHARES Microsoft Hosts India's First Accessibility Summit For Tech Access To The Differently-Abled News This Working Holographic Model Of Microsoft's Cortana Digital Assistant Is Simply Amazing! Apps Researchers Have Built An AI That Can Turn Your Face Into An Animated, Talking Bronze Statue Can a credit card help you get OUT of debt faster? The Simple Dollar   YOU MAY ALSO LIKE celebscoop Sorry Bebo! But It Was Taimur Ali Khan Who Was The Real Star On The Internet This Week Isha Sharma 24.4K SHARES india Setting A Great Example Of Harmony, A Temple In Kerala Holds Iftar For Muslims Who Helped... Bobins Abraham 46.1K SHARES celebscoop 11 Photos That Prove Sonakshi Sinha Is The Ultimate Instagram Queen Saloni Singh 42.4K SHARES Ad Learn About the Two Main Libraries for IoT Projects Intel india Hindus & Muslims Join Hands To Remove Loudspeakers From Places Of Worship In Moradabad Village Nazar Abbas 17.5K SHARES Entertainment This Video Of College Girls From Odisha Dancing On Rahman’s Muqabala Is Breaking The... Garima Satija 30.5K SHARES Sports As Everyone's Eyes Are Fixed On India Vs Pakistan, B Sai Praneeth Makes Heads Turn By Winning... Prabhjeet Singh Sethi 14.5K SHARES Ad You Can't Hold Your Child's Hand Forever. Give the Gift th.. Gerber Life Insurance Company india Afroz Shah, Who Initiated Versova Beach Clean Up, Vows To Clean 19 Beaches In Mumbai Seema Mattoo 13.9K SHARES world Ireland Chooses An Indian-Origin Gay Doctor To Be Its Next Prime Minister. And He's Just 38-YO Indiatimes 20K SHARES india Home Minister Breaks Protocol, Hugs BSF Jawan Who Sustained 85% Disability While Fighting... Indiatimes 22.3K SHARES Ad Discover the Thrilling Features of the New Acura TLX Acura OUR NETWORK MensXP iDiva Luxpresso Whats Hot SPECIALS #GIRF2017 #Budget2017 #FitIT #SelfieExpert Pollution Today Stories That Matter 2016 #PunjabDrugCrisis #Error377 Go For Gold #FRONTLINES Indianama Panama Papers ABOUT US KNOW IT Trending Topics Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS get app Stay UPDATED with all that's buzzing and trending with indiatimes App! FOLLOW US ON other sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider Gizmodo Lifehacker Gaana Techradar WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Femina Property Speaking Tree Copyright © 2017 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter tech US world science US politics business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Google Google submits plans for 'landscraper' London headquarters Construction on building that is longer than the Shard is tall set to begin in King’s Cross in 2018 Google’s new King’s Cross HQ is first building to be wholly owned by and designed for Google outside the US. Photograph: HayesDavidson Google Google submits plans for 'landscraper' London headquarters Construction on building that is longer than the Shard is tall set to begin in King’s Cross in 2018 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Alex Hern @alexhern Thursday 1 June 2017 05.15 EDT Last modified on Friday 2 June 2017 04.39 EDT Google has officially submitted plans for its new 92,000-square metre “landscraper” London headquarters, with the intention of beginning construction on the building in 2018. Designed by Bjarke Ingels Group and Heatherwick Studios, the team behind TfL’s New Bus for London and the 2012 Olympic Cauldron, the building will stand 11 storeys tall and stretch parallel to the platforms of London’s King’s Cross railway station. Sober look of Google's 'landscraper' shows tech firm is trying to grow up Read more Floor plans for the building show a “wellness centre” containing gyms, massage rooms a narrow swimming pool and multi-use indoor sports pitch, and a rooftop garden split over multiple storeys and themed around three areas: a “plateau”, “gardens” and “fields”, planted with strawberries, gooseberries and sage. A 200-metre-long “trim trail” runs through the roof, while peckish employees can grab food in one of four cafes, including a main one which spans three stories with a “promenade” with views of the station. Facebook Twitter Pinterest A render of Google’s new London headquarters in King’s Cross seen from the east. Photograph: HayesDavidson Combined with Google’s current King’s Cross office around the corner, and a third building that the company also plans on moving into in the area, it will form a new campus that will house 7,000 Google employees. Dubbed a “landscraper”, the finished building will be longer than the Shard is tall. The Heatherwick-designed building was submitted to Camden council and will be the first to be wholly owned by, and designed specifically for, Google outside the US. Google declined to comment on the cost of the project. Facebook Twitter Pinterest The new HQ will have large open spaces. Photograph: Google Heatherwick said in a statement: “The area is a fascinating collision of diverse building types and spaces and I can’t help but love this mix of massive railway stations, roads, canals and other infrastructure all layered up into the most connected point in London.” He added: “Influenced by these surroundings, we have treated this new building for Google like a piece of infrastructure too, made from a family of interchangeable elements which ensure that the building and its workspace will stay flexible for years to come.” Sustainability is smattered throughout the pitch. The building’s plans show space for 686 bikes, with just four car parking spaces, while solar panels on the roof have a combined annual output of almost 20MWh. Motorised timber blinds on the outside of the building serve to keep direct sunlight out. Facebook Twitter Pinterest The building is located in the middle of a major redevelopment of the area by the Regent’s canal. Photograph: HayesDavidson Google’s Joe Borrett, the company’s head of real estate and construction, said: “We are excited to be able to bring our London Googlers together in one campus, with a new purpose-built building that we’ve developed from the ground up. Our offices and facilities play a key part in shaping the Google culture, which is one of the reasons we are known for being among the best places to work in the industry.” Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google’s new offices as seen from outside the King’s Cross train station. Photograph: HayesDavidson The company’s decision to stick with its plans for the HQ was widely seen as a vote of confidence in the British economy following the decision to leave the EU in June 2016. In a speech in Google’s London office last November, chief executive Sundar Pichai said: “Here in the UK, it’s clear to me that computer science has a great future with the talent, educational institutions, and passion for innovation we see all around us. We are committed to the UK and excited to continue our investment in our new King’s Cross campus.” Facebook Twitter Pinterest The new building will be 11 storeys high. Photograph: HayesDavidson Originally, the company’s plans had called for a luxury office, complete with a rooftop running track, indoor swimming pool and climbing wall – and saddled with an estimated £1bn price tag. But Google rejected those plans, put together by London-based architects AHMM, in 2015 for being “too boring”, and brought Heatherwick on board instead. Topics Google Alphabet London Architecture Technology sector Commercial property news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content more on this story Sober look of Google's 'landscraper' shows tech firm is trying to grow up Heatherwick-designed London building eschews campus architectural trends and instead sports polite corporate costume Published: 1 Jun 2017 Sober look of Google's 'landscraper' shows tech firm is trying to grow up Google's new UK headquarters aims to make going to work exciting Published: 1 Nov 2013 Google's new UK headquarters aims to make going to work exciting Google to build £1bn UK headquarters at London's King's Cross Published: 17 Jan 2013 Google to build £1bn UK headquarters at London's King's Cross Google commits to massive new London headquarters Published: 16 Nov 2016 Google commits to massive new London headquarters All hail the new King’s Cross – but can other developers repeat the trick? Published: 12 Oct 2014 All hail the new King’s Cross – but can other developers repeat the trick? most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Technology › Google tech US world science US politics business back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it News Sport Trending Home Trending News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Discounts Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Advertise Search Metro Follow us 118m shares You can now play cricket on Google for the ICC Champions Trophy Imogen Groome for Metro.co.ukThursday 1 Jun 2017 10:22 am (Picture: Google) Google has released a new game for internet browsers to enjoy today. The miniature interactive game has been created in honour of the 2017 ICC Champions Trophy, which is an international cricket tournament being held in England and Wales between June 1 and June 18. To mark the 8th edition of the tournament, Google users across the UK, Pakistan, India, Zimbabwe, South Africa, Cuba, Guyana, Australia and New Zealand will be able to set up their own virtual cricket match. (Picture: Google) The story begins in the Oval cricket ground, but just as the tournament is being set up, a team of crickets show up – they’ve set up their own wickets for a game of pest cricket. They will be facing their arch-rivals, the slugs – but don’t be fooled, the opponents can be fast on their feet. More: Tech Who can see my iCloud photos? How to stop your pictures from being hacked 6 iPhone apps to get you through Ramadan Is someone watching you through your webcam? Those worried they won’t be able to play the game on a slower mobile network have been covered by Google, as the file size is very small – with the result being their smallest interactive doodle ever. The game is no longer on the Google homepage but you can play it here. MORE: New Zealand cricketer Doug Bracewell claims pet parrot’s death was to blame for drink driving MORE: Sachin Tendulkar reveals the biggest change in Twenty20 cricket at the Indian Premier League MoreGoogle Doodle Policeman dances hand-in-hand with kids at One Love Manchester SponsoredThe best family holidays in the UK this summer Defiant fans smile amid heavy security at One Love Manchester First victim of London Bridge attack named as Chrissy Archibald Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » Policeman dances hand-in-hand with kids at One Love Manchester Man drinking pint while fleeing terror becomes symbol of London spirit First victim of London Bridge attack named as Chrissy Archibald Isis claim responsibility for London attack but 'put the wrong date' Defiant fans smile amid heavy security at One Love ManchesterMore trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: Tech › Google Doodle Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending MetroUK @MetroUK © 2017 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices ContributorsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Cricket World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessCompanies Jun 01, 2017 02:02 PM IST | Source: Moneycontrol.com Is Artificial Intelligence the end of jobs or a new beginning? A valid concern is that dependence on AI may cause us to forfeit human creativity ByVivek Wadhva Artificial Intelligence (AI) is advancing so rapidly that even its developers are being caught off guard. Google co-founder Sergey Brin said in Davos, Switzerland, in January that it “touches every single one of our main projects, ranging from search to photos to ads … everything we do … it definitely surprised me, even though I was sitting right there.” The long-promised AI, the stuff we’ve seen in science fiction, is coming and we need to be prepared. Today, AI is powering voice assistants such as Google Home, Amazon Alexa and Apple Siri, allowing them to have increasingly natural conversations with us and manage our lights, order food and schedule meetings. Businesses are infusing AI into their products to analyse the vast amounts of data and improve decision-making. In a decade or two, we will have robotic assistants that remind us of Rosie from “The Jetsons” and R2-D2 of “Star Wars.” This has profound implications for how we live and work, for better and worse. AI is going to become our guide and companion — and take millions of jobs away from people. We can deny this is happening, be angry or simply ignore it. But if we do, we will be the losers. As I discussed in my new book, “Driver in the Driverless Car,” technology is now advancing on an exponential curve and making science fiction a reality. We can’t stop it. All we can do is to understand it and use it to better ourselves — and humanity. Rosie and R2-D2 may be on their way but AI is still very limited in its capability, and will be for a long time. The voice assistants are examples of what technologists call narrow AI: systems that are useful, can interact with humans and bear some of the hallmarks of intelligence — but would never be mistaken for a human.  They can, however, do a better job on a very specific range of tasks than humans can. I couldn’t, for example, recall the winning and losing pitcher in every baseball game of the major leagues from the previous night. Narrow-AI systems are much better than humans at accessing information stored in complex databases, but their capabilities exclude creative thought.  If you asked Siri to find the perfect gift for your mother for Valentine’s Day, she might make a snarky comment but couldn’t venture an educated guess. If you asked her to write your term paper on the Napoleonic Wars, she couldn’t help. That is where the human element comes in and where the opportunities are for us to benefit from AI — and stay employed. In his book “Deep Thinking: Where Machine Intelligence Ends and Human Creativity Begins,” chess grandmaster Garry Kasparov tells of his shock and anger at being defeated by IBM’s Deep Blue supercomputer in 1997. He acknowledges that he is a sore loser but was clearly traumatised by having a machine outsmart him. He was aware of the evolution of the technology but never believed it would beat him at his own game. After coming to grips with his defeat, 20 years later, he says fail-safes are required … but so is courage. Kasparov wrote: “When I sat across from Deep Blue twenty years ago I sensed something new, something unsettling. Perhaps you will experience a similar feeling the first time you ride in a driverless car, or the first time your new computer boss issues an order at work. We must face these fears in order to get the most out of our technology and to get the most out of ourselves. Intelligent machines will continue that process, taking over the more menial aspects of cognition and elevating our mental lives toward creativity, curiosity, beauty, and joy. These are what truly make us human, not any particular activity or skill like swinging a hammer — or even playing chess.” In other words, we better get used to it and ride the wave. Human superiority over animals is based on our ability to create and use tools. The mental capacity to make things that improved our chances of survival led to a natural selection of better toolmakers and tool users. Nearly everything a human does involve technology. For adding numbers, we used abacuses and mechanical calculators and now spreadsheets. To improve our memory, we wrote on stones, parchment and paper, and now have disk drives and cloud storage. AI is the next step in improving our cognitive functions and decision-making. Think about it: When was the last time you tried memorizing your calendar or Rolodex or used a printed map? Just as we instinctively do everything on our smartphones, we will rely on AI. We may have forfeited skills such as the ability to add up the price of our groceries but we are smarter and more productive. With the help of Google and Wikipedia, we can be experts on any topic, and these don’t make us any dumber than encyclopedias, phone books and librarians did. A valid concern is that dependence on AI may cause us to forfeit human creativity. As Kasparov observes, the chess games on our smartphones are many times more powerful than the supercomputers that defeated him, yet this didn’t cause human chess players to become less capable — the opposite happened. There are now stronger chess players all over the world, and the game is played in a better way. As Kasparov explains: “It used to be that young players might acquire the style of their early coaches. If you worked with a coach who preferred sharp openings and speculative attacking play himself, it would influence his pupils to play similarly. … What happens when the early influential coach is a computer? The machine doesn’t care about style or patterns or hundreds of years of established theory. It counts up the values of the chess pieces, analyses a few billion moves, and counts them up again. It is entirely free of prejudice and doctrine. … The heavy use of computers for practice and analysis has contributed to the development of a generation of players who are almost as free of dogma as the machines with which they train.” Perhaps this is the greatest benefit that AI will bring — humanity can be free of dogma and historical bias; it can do more intelligent decision-making. And instead of doing repetitive data analysis and number crunching, human workers can focus on enhancing their knowledge and being more creative.(The author is ‎Distinguished Fellow at Carnegie Mellon University College of Engineering.) tags #Artificial Intelligence #Google #IBM #Startup Related news Business Mumbai Metro One partnered with Google Maps application Jun 02, 2017 08:47 PM Business World Environment Day: Here are 8 Indian startups that are making the earth better Jun 02, 2017 07:13 PM Business Why Avendus Capital is behind most large e-commerce deals in India? Jun 02, 2017 07:06 PM Business These six fintech startups have secured pilots from ICICI, RBL Bank Jun 02, 2017 06:55 PM Business Pune startup to provide in-cab entertainment for Uber in India Jun 02, 2017 02:34 PM Business Paytm becomes India's second largest train ticket booking platform Jun 02, 2017 01:05 PM Business ShopX targets offline retail space with easy loans to shopkeepers Jun 01, 2017 04:50 PM Business Jio effect: Mobile data prices fell 48% in 2016, says report Jun 01, 2017 03:57 PM Business Is Artificial Intelligence the end of jobs or a new beginning? Jun 01, 2017 02:02 PM News Most Popular Top News How Ravi Narain built the NSE, and then lost his grip Book profits @ 9700 on Nifty; 5 stocks which can return up to 14% in short term Wipro chief Azim Premji took home 63% less salary, zero commission in FY17 What green initiatives are banks taking towards climate change? Jaitley defends 4-slab GST structure, says single rate would have been disastrous Sensex mantra: 5 golden rules to remember when mkt trades in ‘Boom’ cycle Nifty headed for correction; can hit 8,600-8,800 in next 2 months How Ravi Narain built the NSE, and then lost his grip see more Video of the day Hands off pharma, FMCG could be the next growth area: Avendus Cap's Andrew Holland Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Pulkit
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter CloseSign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Search Search Facebook Twitter Newsletter Linkedin Sections Secondary menu Trending Apple Watch Kodi Oculus Rift Samsung Galaxy S7 Sky Q iPad Pro iPhone 7 Google wants to help you become an expert in fine art Art Deeper information on art searches, and a virtual tour of museums Alan Martin @alan_p_martin 1 Jun 2017 whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin reddit email Google wants to make you more of an art buff, and has announced two interesting new improvements for art lovers using Google’s services. Not only can you now get far more relevant contextual information about artists and their works, but taking virtual tours of galleries just got a lot more informative too. First off, if you search for artwork on Google, you’ll now find the search results a lot more useful, as the system can now group artworks by artist, location, materials used and the period they were created in. In practice this means searching for certain works will be a lot more informative, like the example for Gustav Klimt below. You can zoom in to high resolution imagery from Google Arts & Culture and easily find where it is in person for you to go visit. But sometimes you really don’t want to leave the house, which is where the second part comes in. Google has allowed you to use Street View to virtually walk around museums and galleries for some time, but the extra data is now available on your virtual stroll too. So not only will you see the artwork in its natural habitat, but you’ll still have all the information about that work right there in the Maps screen. Video of Searching for art just got better. Where will you start? See related  8 things I learned life drawing with an iPad Pro This artist powers batteries with his own blood Is that supposed to be a cat? Seriously, let Google take over Google says it used machine learning technology to scan the walls of museums and galleries all over the world to identify and categorise over 15,000 works of art. The technology is similar to what Google Photos uses to identify objects, places and people. While zooming across a gallery in your browser will never be the same as actually visiting in person, it’s certainly handy when the works you want to see currently reside hundreds of miles away. And a friend of mine still uses Google Streetview to retrace a two hour walk back to his town when he’s drunk and feeling nostalgic for home. With that in mind, it seems plausible that some people will be happy to skip the queues and see the art in a browser window. Read more about: Art Technology You are here: Home Art Google wants to help you become an expert in fine art Most Popular Draw the cats of your nightmares using machine learning 24 Feb 2017 Art Future supreme court justice stumped by Reddit meme 22 Mar 2017 Politics i.Con wants to be the Fitbit for your penis 3 Mar 2017 Life & Culture Netflix’s interactive experiment is (a) Good (b) Bad 9 Mar 2017 Netflix This e-paper wall calendar prototype is simple but brilliant 23 Mar 2017 Life & Culture Here's how to get the latest version of Kodi 19 May 2017 Software 20 of the best Raspberry Pi 3 projects 8 May 2017 Raspberry Pi The 14 essential PS4 games to own in 2017 30 May 2017 Sony Tesla Model 3: All you need to know 23 May 2017 Cars How to download and install the Wookie build on Kodi 24 May 2017 Software Technology Devices, software, wearables and more Snapchat brings its camera Spectacles to the UK Snap’s sunglasses come with an embedded video camera, and can record footage at the touch of a button 2 Jun 2017 Cameras DJI Spark review: Hands-on with the ultimate selfie drone DJI’s compact, follow-me drone is packed with tech – and it’s also great fun to fly 2 Jun 2017 Technology Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 can now run full-fat Windows 10 Qualcomm sticks it to Intel as Microsoft partners up to revolutionise the ultraportables market 2 Jun 2017 Technology Nvidia’s Max-Q brings GTX 1080 graphics to ultrabooks Say goodbye to hulking gaming laptops, Nvidia’s Max-Q has just revolutionised the gaming laptop 2 Jun 2017 Laptops Business How technology is changing your work 7 observations from the IoT World Forum 2017 Cisco’s Internet of Things World Forum was a timely reminder of just how big IoT is… and how much bigger it can get 26 May 2017 Business Just a few days left to apply for Apple's Developer Academy Apple’s first European Academy will be providing training on iOS development to those from a wealth of backgrounds 26 May 2017 Apple Raspberry Pi just extended its reach for young coders Raspberry Pi’s new merger gives it the scope to reach 185,000 children across the globe 26 May 2017 Raspberry Pi Minibrew raises $2.8 million to put a keg in your kitchen Minibrew is a tech-heavy answer to making homemade craft beer 24 May 2017 Startups Science Developments from the frontiers of science Trump pulls out of the Paris climate agreement: The fallout Making friends and influencing people 2 Jun 2017 Environment Elon Musk is about to dump Trump over climate change If the president pulls the US out of the Paris climate agreement, then Musk will cut his ties to the administration 1 Jun 2017 Environment Trump to pull the USA out of the Paris climate change deal 1.5 million Green party voters probably regret their choice right now 31 May 2017 Environment Shape-shifting pasta unpacks itself on your plate Self-folding food could change the way we store and ship the things we eat 31 May 2017 Bioscience Cars The cutting edge of automotive technology Lexus LC500h review: We drive the best Lexus hybrid yet Lexus has finally made an exciting hybrid car 1 Jun 2017 Cars BMW CarData: Using your data for good BMW wants to put you in control of your car's data 31 May 2017 Cars Mercedes-AMG Project One hypercar: Everything we know Imagine an F1 car for the road with 1000hp. That's the Project One 31 May 2017 Cars Rolls-Royce Sweptail: A £10 million one-off The Sweptail is like a compilation of the nicest Rolls-Royces 30 May 2017 Cars Life & Culture How technology is changing our everyday lives Tekken 7 review: Faster, Stronger, Sillier 4 Tekken is back with a platter of combos, counters and ludicrous theatrics in Tekken 7 2 Jun 2017 Games Covfefe and the minefield of internet pronunciation How do we decide the best way to say words coined online? 1 Jun 2017 Life & Culture Google wants to help you become an expert in fine art Deeper information on art searches, and a virtual tour of museums 1 Jun 2017 Art Square Enix is reinventing the MMO once again Change is at the heart of Final Fantasy XIV: Stormblood, and it shows the MMO has plenty of life left in it yet 31 May 2017 Games The Future The world of 20 years from now Microsoft has built a holographic display for your glasses Move over HoloLens – this is the future of augmented-reality glasses 22 May 2017 Microsoft Microsoft CEO: It’s a developer's duty to prevent dystopia Microsoft’s CEO highlights Nineteen Eighty-Four and A Brave New World as examples of futures best avoided 11 May 2017 The Future Skyscraper competition gives a glimpse of the future Winners of international competition show utopian visions for futuristic cities 28 Apr 2017 The Future Neuralink: Musk's new plan to turn us into computers Neuralink might be the most sci-fi project yet from Elon Musk 28 Mar 2017 The Future Latest Reviews Tekken 7 review: Faster, Stronger, Sillier 2 Jun 2017 Games DJI Spark review: Hands-on with the ultimate selfie drone 2 Jun 2017 Technology Lexus LC500h review: We drive the best Lexus hybrid yet 1 Jun 2017 Cars Nokia 3310 review: A millennium throwback best left there 1 Jun 2017 Nokia BMW i8 review: Hybrid power redefines the supercar 25 May 2017 Cars New Nissan Micra review: Tech trickle down is happening 24 May 2017 Cars Lightning McQueen is Sphero's best robot yet 24 May 2017 Technology Ford Kuga review (2017): Solid tech in an affordable package 23 May 2017 Cars Huawei MateBook E: A genuine Surface Pro 4 challenger 23 May 2017 Huawei MateBook X: Huawei's new laptop is a MacBook rival 23 May 2017 Laptops Digital breathalysers: Are they worth the money? 18 May 2017 Technology Kobo Aura H20 2017 review – Kindle's waterproof rival 18 May 2017 Tablets Back to top Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Newsletter About us Contact us Advertise with us Feeds Authors IT Pro Cloud Pro Expert Reviews More of our brands Affiliate Link Policy Privacy Notice © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Happy 10th birthday, Google Street View! Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/05/31 7:54am PDTMay 31, 2017 7 Plus 1 on G+ 32 Share on Facebook 44 Share on Twitter Total Shares83 Google News Videos It's hard to believe, but Google's Street View is officially 10 years old. What started out as a goofy little side project (like many of Google's most interesting products) has now managed to image numerous countries in every continent on the planet. The Google Maps add-on has even managed to gain a new lease of life with respect to virtual reality, and has proven popular as an educational tool taking learners all around the world on tours to places they might never get to see with their own eyes. Google co-founder Larry Page had the initial idea to create a 360-degree image map of the entire world. This would be his solution to the problem of teleportation, to go anywhere in the world at any time. Street View now offers that virtual capability to anyone with a smartphone or a computer. What started out as research at Stanford was picked up Google in 2004. A group of Googlers used their 20 percent time to affix some high-tech cameras and other sensors onto a van and drive it around San Francisco capturing images. This was the first Street View car. After a couple of years, they'd perfected the technology of stitching together the footage to create a continuous image of a street or other terrain, and the car was shrunk down quite a bit too. By 2007, 10 years ago, they were ready to publish their creation, and Street View has gone from strength to strength ever since. "Ten years later, we’ve published imagery on every continent, in 83 countries, and traveled about 10 million miles with the Street View car. Talk about a roadtrip." When the goal is to image the entire planet, at some point you're going to have to go where cars can't. The team's answer to that problem was the Trekker, a wearable Street View camera that could be worn as a backpack and taken anywhere a human could go. It's been used to capture many of the wonders of the world and has even proven useful to conservation organizations seeking to better observe wildlife in its natural habitat with minimal disturbance. Since 2013 Trekker cameras have been loaned out around the globe, speeding up the rate of image capture by using the local expertise of many volunteers. Just last month Google announced the next step for the project when it introduced 20 new Street View ready 360-degree cameras that will be available to the public. While this won't exactly be affordable for everyone, the intrepid (and rich) among you will now be able to buy a Street View camera of your own and go out to fill in some of the gaps that Google hasn't yet got to. I'm sure many would relish the opportunity to get involved and contribute to what has been an incredible global project. So, happy 10th birthday, Street View. Here's to the future, and wherever those stunning images will take us next. Source: The Keyword Tags 360-degree camera AR Google google maps street view video VR subscribe ... Previous Story The Microsoft Planner app is now available on Android [APK Download] ... Next Story [Update: It's official] Android Pay is going live in Canada Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments destinyhud i never understood why street view was a add-on app for maps for a very long time. a few years ago they updated the app to be standalone. now it serves as a place to view add and delete personal uploads Enriquetaafenn Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dt163c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dt163c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs453TopFaceGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dt163c:....,....... Nasko Hristov Whats even worse the app is needed in order to view SW images inside Google Maps app. not sure if it is still the case? destinyhud thats not the case anymore. dependency was removed 3 years ago i believe. u can uninstall street view app and the maps will show SV Nasko Hristov Thanks! Glad they did so. ilovetesla They must make a DIY street view camera using some android phones connected together and working in harmony My name is…. WHY? ilovetesla Very simple, lack of resources Some people won't be spending cash on costly camera to contribute data to Google My name is…. is u even serious dude? How can u "connect multiple phones together"? Left side of the street will be shot with a marvelous S7 but right side will be shot with a 2010 LG Optimus? LOLZ ilovetesla Do u think i didn't know that Something can be done to work this problem out abc Uhm, sorry, but if you've only covered 83 countries in 10 years that's pretty crappy. I mean, all you gotta do is take some pics. There's more than a 100 countries that you dont' have a single "street view" in. Clyde Day I do the job from relief of my residence, through effortless jobs that simply demands from you a Home computer and additionally web connection and I am just more satisfied than ever... After six months time during this career and also i obtained cash in whole 36 thousand us dollars... Mainly I generate approximately 80 bucks/hr and work for three to four hrs day by day.And outstanding thing relating to this job is the fact you can manage time and effort while you do the job and for just how long as you prefer and you achieve a check week by week........ learn by clicking here how to do it right now Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 116 queries | 0.560s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact World Shake-up looming at T-Systems Editor's pick Netflix shows are all hits – until they aren’t Home Gadgets & Reviews In-depth Jerm News Opinion Adii Pienaar Adrian Schofield Alan Cameron Alan Knott-Craig Jr Aleks Gostev Alison Gillwald Alistair Fairweather Andrew Fraser Andrew Rens Andy Marken Angus Brown Angus Hay Anton Harber Anton Meyer Antony Seeff Arno du Toit Art Coviello Ayo Ajayi Bradley Shaw Brandon Purcell Brett Parker Cameron MacKenzie Candice Jones Chris Moerdyk Chris Roper Craig Lappan Craig Neill Craig Raw Craig Wilson Danie Nel Danie Pienaar Darryl Bernstein Dave Gale Dave MacDonald David Glance David Liu David Walker De Wet Bisschoff Denis Smit Dirk de Vos Dominic Cull Don MacRobert Duncan McLeod Eckart Zollner Elaine de Beer Eric Edelstein Eric MK Osiakwan Erika van der Merwe Etienne Louw Faith Muthambi Francisco Khoza Francois Beyleveld Fungai Sibanda Gaelyn Scott Gareth Knight Gavin Davis Genna Robb Georg Kahle Gerard Soverall Gill Moodie Gisèle Wertheim Aymés Gizela Parker Graham Beneke Graham Braum Graham Friend Greg Mahlknecht Gregory Serandos Guy Zibi Helen Zille Henk Kleynhans Herman Blignaut Hillary Clinton Hilton Tarrant Howard Blake Howard Rybko Ihab Moawad Indra de Lanerolle Isaac Mophatlane Ismail Vadi Ivo Vegter Jacques Rousseau Jacqui O'Sullivan James Francis James Selfe Jan Dawson Jana van Zyl Jannie van Zyl Jason Norwood-Young Jason Xenopoulos Jasson Urbach Joe Mjwara Jose Dos Santos Juanita Clark Justin McCarthy Justin Schwellnus Justin Spratt Karl Muller Kathleen Rice Keith Jones Keith Thabo Kenny Inggs Kevin Phillips Lara Pienaar Lawrence Lundy Leon G Marincowitz Leon Louw Lisa Thornton Lloyd Gedye Luke Muller Maphanga Maseko Marc Ashton Marcel Kramer Marian Shinn Marius Burger Mark Acton Mark Pretorius Mark Seftel Mark Taylor Mark Whitby Martha Bennett Matthew French Michael Jordaan Mike Mulcahy Mophethe Moletsane Muzi Makhaye Nafisa Akabor Nathan Jeffery Nathaniel Borenstein Neil Campbell Neil Watson Nic Callegari Nick Crail Nick Jones Owen Dean Pallo Jordan Paris Mashile Pascal Matzke Patricia de Lille Patrick Gaspard Paul Jacobson Paul Theron Peter Karaszi Peter Streicher Peter Walsh Pieter Steyn Prenesh Padayachee Pria Chetty Rachel Sikwane Regardt van der Berg Reshaad Sha Richard Firth Richard Mullins Rob Lith Roger Hislop Romeo Kumalo Russel Yeo Russell Lamberti Russell Southwood Ryk van Niekerk Saki Missaikos Sasha Naryshkine Schalk Nolte Shameel Joosub Shashi Hansjee Simon Dingle Sipho Hlongwane Sipho Maseko Siya Qoza Siyabonga Cwele Siyabonga Madyibi Songezo Zibi Steve Song Steven Ambrose Steven Cohen Styli Charalambous Sunil Gopal Suveer Ramdhani Tawana Kupe Thabiso Moerane Tim Genders Tim James Tim Parle Tim Shier Tim Walter Tim Wyatt-Gunning Timothy Kroon Toby Shapshak Tony Gunnarsson Verashni Pillay Vicky Stilwell Vincent Hoogduijn Vinolan David William Stucke Willington Ngwepe Yunus Carrim Zunaid Bulbulia People Podcasts TalkCentral TechCentral ZA Tech Show Start-ups Weekend About Advertise Newsletter Contact Apple set to debut Siri smart speaker Apple is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” may be on your nightstand or kitchen counter as well. By Mark Gurman and Alex Webb. Added by Agency Staff on 1 June 2017. Saved under News, Top Tags: Amazon, Apple, Google, Siri, Siri speaker, Tim Cook Tweet Tim Cook Apple is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” may be on your nightstand or kitchen counter as well. The iPhone maker has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple could debut the speaker as soon as its annual developer conference in June, but the device will not be ready to ship until later in the year, the people said. The device will differ from Amazon.com’s Echo and Google’s Home speakers by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with Apple’s product line-up, said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss products that aren’t yet public. Introducing a speaker would serve two main purposes: providing a hub to automate appliances and lights via Apple’s HomeKit system, and establishing a bulwark inside the home to lock customers more tightly into Apple’s network of services. That would help combat the competitive threat from Google’s and Amazon’s connected speakers: the Home and Echo mostly don’t support services from Apple. Without compatible hardware, users may be more likely to opt for the Echo or Home, and therefore use streaming music offerings such as Spotify, Amazon Prime Music or Google Play rather than Apple Music. “This will be a platform for developing Apple’s services,” says Gene Munster, a co-founder of Loup Ventures and former Apple analyst. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller declined to comment. CEO Tim Cook has emphasised Apple’s services businesses over the past 18 months as iPhone sales slowed. He expects service revenue to double by 2020 from last year’s US$24bn. A speaker may help keep customers loyal to service products such as Apple Music, a subscription music streaming offering that costs $10/month (R60/month in South Africa). The speaker would likely be tucked into Apple’s “Other Products” category, which currently includes devices like the Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods. That set of products generated $11bn in sales last year. Inventec, the Taipei manufacturer that already makes the AirPod wireless headphones, will add the speaker to its Apple repertoire, the people said. Apple employees have been secretly testing the device in their homes for several months, they said. The Siri speaker reached an advanced prototype stage late last year. An Inventec representative didn’t respond to a request for comment outside normal business hours in Taiwan. Amazon’s Echo This year’s developers conference will be the first since 2013 to introduce new hardware. Apple could announce updated iPad tablets at the conference, one of the people said. Apple last updated the 9,7-inch iPad Pro in March 2016 and hasn’t refreshed the larger 12,9-inch model since its November 2015 debut. Planned Mac updates will include refreshed versions of the MacBook and MacBook Pro with faster Intel processors. Apple hopes that more advanced acoustics technology will give the speaker an edge over competitors, according to people with knowledge of the product’s development. Along with generating virtual surround sound, the speakers being tested are louder and reproduce sound more crisply than rival offerings, the people said. Apple has also considered including sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels during use, one of the people said. Apple will also likely let third-party services build products for the speaker. Last year, Apple opened up Siri on the iPhone to the likes of Uber Technologies and Facebook, allowing a user to order a ride or send a WhatsApp message with a voice command. The device will be a hub for Apple’s HomeKit home automation system, letting users control devices such as lights, door locks and window blinds. At present, an Apple TV or iPad is required to control that equipment from outside the home or automatically. The Echo and Google Home both support third-party services and smart home appliances. Ahead of Apple’s launch, the competition has upgraded their speakers with support for making voice calls, while Amazon’s gained a touchscreen. Apple’s speaker won’t include such a screen, according to people who have seen the product. An Apple-designed speaker with high-end sound quality that fits perfectly into the Apple ecosystem is a familiar pitch. In 2006, Apple unveiled the iPod Hi-Fi, a battery-powered speaker designed to cast a shadow over the thriving iPod third-party accessory market. With its bulky size and high price point, the Hi-Fi flopped and was discontinued within 18 months of launching. With Siri and a clear hole in its ecosystem, Apple is banking that its second try at a speaker product will do better.  — (c) 2017 Bloomberg LP Share this article Tweet Connect with TechCentral Follow TechCentral on Twitter Connect with TechCentral on Facebook Connect with TechCentral on Google+ Subscribe to our newsletter Articles by comments (7 days) 15Nokia’s 3310 is great … if you live in 2002 5‘Kill 3G, not 2G’ 4LG needs a smarter bet than OLED 4Microsoft’s Eskom problem 3Podcast | MTN SA tech chief Giovanni Chiarelli Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact RSS ↑ TechCentral TechCentral Log in - (c) 2009 - 2015 NewsCentral Media
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Apple said to ready Siri speaker in bid to rival Google, Amazon Thursday June 1, 2017 04:29 PM GMT+8 ICYMI ProjekMMO: Adira pasrah belum turun berat badan? Saudi, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut ties with Qatar The Edit: Pint glass becomes symbol of London’s defiance ‘Modern-day bank robbery’ lands Malaysian in Aussie jail Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article An Apple logo is seen in a store in Los Angeles, California March 24, 2017. — Reuters picNEW YORK, June 1 — Apple Inc is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” may be on your nightstand or kitchen counter as well. The iPhone-maker has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple could debut the speaker as soon as its annual developer conference in June, but the device will not be ready to ship until later in the year, the people said. The device will differ from Amazon.com Inc’s Echo and Alphabet Inc’s Google Home speakers by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with Apple’s product line-up, said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss products that aren’t yet public. Introducing a speaker would serve two main purposes: Providing a hub to automate appliances and lights via Apple’s HomeKit system, and establishing a bulwark inside the home to lock customers more tightly into Apple’s network of services. That would help combat the competitive threat from Google’s and Amazon’s connected speakers: The Home and Echo mostly don’t support services from Apple. Without compatible hardware, users may be more likely to opt for the Echo or Home, and therefore use streaming music offerings such as Spotify, Amazon Prime Music or Google Play rather than Apple Music. “This will be a platform for developing Apple’s services,” says Gene Munster, a co-founder of Loup Ventures and former Apple analyst. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller declined to comment. Chief executive officer Tim Cook has emphasised Apple’s services businesses over the past 18 months as iPhone sales slowed. He expects service revenue to double by 2020 from last year’s US$24 billion (RM103 billion). A speaker may help keep customers loyal to service products such as Apple Music, a subscription music streaming offering that costs US$10 per month. The speaker would likely be tucked into Apple’s “Other Products” category, which currently includes devices like the Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods. That set of products generated US$11 billion in sales last year. Inventec Corp, the Taipei manufacturer that already makes the AirPod wireless headphones, will add the speaker to its Apple repertoire, the people said. Apple employees have been secretly testing the device in their homes for several months, they said. The Siri speaker reached an advanced prototype stage late last year, Bloomberg News reported at the time. An Inventec representative didn’t respond to a request for comment outside normal business hours in Taiwan. This year’s developers conference will be the first since 2013 to introduce new hardware. Apple could announce updated iPad tablets at the conference, one of the people said. Apple last updated the 9.7-inch iPad Pro in March 2016 and hasn’t refreshed the larger 12.9-inch model since its November 2015 debut. Planned Mac updates will include refreshed versions of the MacBook and MacBook Pro with faster Intel Corp processors, Bloomberg News reported earlier this month. Apple hopes that more advanced acoustics technology will give the speaker an edge over competitors, according to people with knowledge of the product’s development. Along with generating virtual surround sound, the speakers being tested are louder and reproduce sound more crisply than rival offerings, the people said. Apple has also considered including sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels during use, one of the people said. Apple will also likely let third-party services build products for the speaker. Last year, Apple opened up Siri on the iPhone to the likes of Uber Technologies Inc. and Facebook Inc, allowing a user to order a ride or send a WhatsApp message with a voice command. The device will be a hub for Apple’s HomeKit home automation system, letting users control devices such as lights, door locks and window blinds. At present, an Apple TV or iPad is required to control that equipment from outside the home or automatically. The Echo and Google Home both support third-party services and smart home appliances. Ahead of Apple’s launch, the competition has upgraded their speakers with support for making voice calls, while Amazon’s gained a touchscreen. Apple’s speaker won’t include such a screen, according to people who have seen the product. An Apple-designed speaker with high-end sound quality that fits perfectly into the Apple ecosystem is a familiar pitch. In 2006, Apple unveiled the iPod Hi-Fi, a battery powered speaker designed to cast a shadow over the thriving iPod third-party accessory market. With its bulky size and high price point, the Hi-Fi flopped and was discontinued within 18 months of launching. With Siri and a clear hole in its ecosystem, Apple is banking that its second try at a speaker product will do better. — Bloomberg                 MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week After London attack, Facebook says aims to be ‘hostile environment’ for terrorists Smart cities to take centre stage at CES 2018 Snapchat’s ‘Spectacles’ go on sale in Europe A new era for Nokia Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa (VIDEO) A new era for Nokia Will Samsung's new notebooks write a new chapter? Nokia takes its relaunched 3310 ‘brick’ home to Finland (VIDEO) Robo justice: First robotic cop joins Dubai police Smart cities to take centre stage at CES 2018 Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Apple Music sets August 8 as new release date for ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Apple said to plan dedicated chip to power AI on devices Nokia, Apple bury hatchet in patent dispute Rare Apple-I fetches less than expected at German auction Is Apple going to ditch the iPad mini? Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Meizu M5 Note review: Do not buy this phone Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/01/18 9:15am PDTJan 18, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 56 Share on Twitter Total Shares118 Meizu News Phone Reviews Reviews Article Contents 1 Specs 2 The Good 3 The Not So Good 4 Design and materials 5 Camera 6 Performance 7 Software 8 Battery 9 Conclusion It would be understandable if you have never heard of Meizu. While it is one of the top electronics companies in mainland China, the company isn't massively popular outside of the country. The M5 Note is the newest device to come out of Meizu, and like many of its recent phones, is being sold internationally. From the spec sheet, the M5 Note looks like a solid device. A Mediatek Helio P10 CPU, 1080p LCD screen, at least 3GB of RAM, a massive 4,000mAh battery. The price is perhaps most impressive, costing just 899 CNY for the base model - roughly $131 USD. For comparison, the Moto G4 Play with a Snapdragon 410, 720p display, and 2GB of RAM costs more at its regular price. With great specifications at an incredibly low price, the M5 Note almost seems too good to be true. Unfortunately, it is. Specs CPU MediaTek Helio P10 CPU GPU Mali-T860 GPU RAM 3/4GB Display 5.5" 1080p LCD Storage 16GB/32GB/64GB Battery 4,000mAh Cameras 13 MP Rear, 5 MP Front Software Flyme OS 5.2 (based on Android 6.0 Marshmallow) The Good Screen The 1080p display is probably the best feature of the M5 Note. Speakers The built-in speakers are firmly in the 'good enough' category. Ports There's a headphone jack. The Not So Good Software There are countless issues with Flyme OS, starting with no Google services being installed by default. Battery life The poor implementation of Google Play Services causes the battery life to plummet, even with light use. Notifications I could not receive notifications through Google Hangouts, among a few other apps. Ports (again) The M5 Note only has a MicroUSB port, not USB Type-C. Design and materials The M5 Note, as the name might imply, is a rather large phone. The device itself is roughly 154mm tall, 75mm wide, and 8mm thick - almost identical in size to the Pixel XL and now-discontinued Galaxy Note7. Besides the physical size, the first thing you might notice when holding the M5 Note is the weight. Whereas my Pixel is just 143 grams (5.04 oz), the Note is 175 grams (6.17 oz). The extra weight is largely thanks to the included 4,000mAh battery, which I'll get to later. Overall, I didn't really mind the extra weight, but it is certainly noticeable compared to most flagship devices. Aesthetically, the M5 Note seems closest to the iPhone 6S. It has the same reflective metal around the home button's edge, the same aluminum back, the same antenna bands, and so on. The speakers and headphone jack are in the exact same position as well. This premium look and feel (even if unoriginal) seems out of place on a budget phone, and it's one of the M5 Note's best qualities. That being said, the M5 Note is not a completely shameless copy. The large camera lens sits in the top center of the back casing, instead of the iPhone's top-left corner lens. Like most Android devices, the power button and volume rockers are on the same side. Annoyingly (or at least for me), the power button is positioned below the volume. Perhaps the strangest design choice on the M5 Note is the navigation buttons - or rather, lack thereof. The home button, much like on the iPhone, serves as the only means of navigating through the operating system. Pressing the button takes you to the home screen, swiping or tapping the button acts as the back button, and swiping up from the bottom of the display brings up recent applications. While this form of navigation is certainly bizarre, I got used to it fairly quickly. I would have preferred software navigation buttons, but I suppose it could be worse. Camera Previous Next The M5 Note has two cameras - a 13 MP rear camera and a 5 MP front camera. Both are unexceptional, as should be expected for a phone at this price point. Outdoor shots with enough light are usually good, such as the first photo, but still appear washed out. Inside/low-light photos often appear blurry and unfocused, even when capturing stationary objects with the M5 Note on a tripod. With many budget devices, a good camera is often a low priority, and it certainly was with the M5 Note. Performance As you may have noticed in the table above, the M5 Note is powered by the MediaTek Helio P10 CPU. The CPU has eight ARM Cortex A53 cores, clocked at 1.81GHz each. Graphics are handled by the Mali-T860 GPU, and depending on your model, the M5 Note has either 3GB or 4GB of RAM. There's also no USB Type-C port to be found - just microUSB. On the Geekbench 4 CPU test, the Meizu M5 Note scores 696 for single-core performance and 2118 for multi-core performance (full results here). The single-core score is dreadful, comparable to the Samsung Galaxy S4 (679) and Neuxs 7 2013 (660). The multi-core score fares a bit better, ranking close to the OnePlus X (2088) and LG G3 (2142). In day to day usage, I would describe the M5 Note as 'acceptable' in performance. Most apps do take a second or two to open, but overall the phone never felt bogged down or especially slow. Again, for roughly $131 USD, you shouldn't expect flagship-level speed. But what about games? Much like the CPU, the GPU is nothing to write home about. The 3DMark Sling Shot test running at 1080p with OpenGL ES 3.0 scored 498 (full results here). This places the phone alongside the LG Optimus G Pro (488), LG Stylus 2 Plus (510), and Oppo R9 (494). This should be enough to power through most games, with my test of GTA San Andreas only dropping frames when setting visual effects to the max. While I'm on the topic of hardware, let's talk band compatibility. Like many Chinese smartphones, the M5 Note does not support the LTE bands in the United States, and doesn't work at all on CDMA carriers like Verizon. On my Project Fi SIM card (only connecting to T-Mobile towers, since I'm using an unsupported device) I often switched between HSPA+ and 3G. Software Previous Next The Meizu M5 Note runs Flyme OS, the company's skinned version of Android 6.0 Marshmallow. While the Note was originally announced to ship with Flyme OS 6 (still unfortunately based on Marshmallow), my review unit shipped with version 5.2.11. As with many Chinese Android ROMs, Flyme OS takes some visual cues from iOS. The notifications panel has a frosted glass background, the launcher doesn't have a separate app drawer, and so on. While I don't mind the overall design, it doesn't share much in common with Material Design. However, Flyme OS seriously cripples this phone. The major problem is that the device ships without Google Mobile Services, which I consider essential to every Android device. GMS not only includes the Google Play Store, but also Google Play Services - essential for most Google applications to even work. This may be acceptable in China, but with the M5 Note being sold internationally, this is a huge problem. Instead of the Play Store, the M5 Note includes the non-descriptive "App Store" and "Hot Apps." The former seems to be a front-end for the sketchy 9APP repository, filled with unauthorized re-uploads from the Play Store and bootleg games. The latter is simply a list of recommended applications, with only an Install button for each item - you can't even view a description. Once you install an application, it vanishes from Hot Apps entirely. Notice how I said the M5 Note "ships" without Google Mobile Services. One of the many sketchy applications visible in 'Hot Apps' is an installer for Google services, which installs everything you need to get the Play Store and your favorite Google apps up and running. If you have ever flashed a gapps package on a custom ROM, this is the same basic concept. However, there is one problem - Meizu is not a GMS partner, which means they are not allowed to distribute Google's library of applications at all. As outlined by David, allowing users to install GMS on uncertified devices could lead to problems down the road. So why does the M5 Note not have GMS installed by default? The most likely answer is that Meizu also ships phones with YunOS (formally known as Aliyun), which is not strictly Android-compatible. The terms for becoming a GMS partner dictate that the given OEM must not ship devices with incompatible forks of Android. So essentially, until Meizu stops selling YunOS devices, they would be blocked from becoming a GMS partner. Flyme OS has some other issues as well. Initially while writing this review, I was unable to change the wallpaper at all - with the error message asking me to "upgrade the system and try again." A recent system update later fixed this problem. Perhaps as not much of a surprise, the M5 Note with GMS also fails SafetyNet, so you won't be playing Pokemon GO on the M5 Note. In addition, during my entire time using this device, I was unable to receive notifications for Hangouts (as well as two other apps). With it being my most-used communication tool, I had to keep my Google Pixel on-hand at all times to ensure I would receive important messages. Battery This is by far the most surprising aspect of this phone, and the primary reason why I cannot recommend the M5 Note to anyone. As explained in the Software section, the M5 Note has not been approved by Google to run Google Mobile Services. Shortly after setting up the device, I used the Google Services installer to obtain the Play Store and related Google services, as I'm sure many other customers will do. Thanks to Flyme OS not being certified for use with GMS, the Google Play Store absolutely tanks battery life on this phone. With a 4,000mAh battery, I was expecting at least a noticeable increase in battery life over my Nexus 5X. What I got instead was the worst battery life I have ever experienced on an Android device. The Play Store regularly consumed 15-25% of my Note's battery in regular use, with Google Play Services always following closely behind. My typical workload on a phone consists of checking various social media applications, some searches and news reading in Chrome, and the occasional Netflix TV episode or short YouTube video. In the time I was able to stand using the M5 Note as my daily driver, I did not see more than three hours of screen-on-time. You might have already scrolled down to leave a comment along the lines of "Corbin, why don't you just uninstall GMS? Then the battery issue would be solved." And while you might be right, I don't consider Android phones without the Play Store or Google Play Services to be usable at all. Searching on F-Droid for long-abandoned alternatives to my favorite applications is not a very enjoyable experience. Conclusion The Meizu M5 Note, put simply, is a bad phone. I wasn't expecting to be blown away, especially at this price point, but the annoyances are not worth the savings. The poor implementation of Google Play Services, the awful battery life, the sketchy included app store, buggy skin, and issues with notifications make the M5 Note unusable as a phone for me - I would take my first-gen Moto G over this any day. While this is clearly designed for the Chinese market, hence the microUSB port and lack of support for US LTE bands, this still has many more problems than other Chinese-aimed smartphones do. Even if you're in a region where the M5 Note is being sold (which isn't North America), you should absolutely not buy this phone. Tags m5 note meizu meizu m5 note subscribe ... Previous Story [Updated] Google Maps 9.44 shows parking availability and Atmosphere images [APK Download] ... Next Story Personal file storage company Drobo launches DroboPix on Android Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments ReallyMen Since when did having a micro USB port become a con? MJ Since like 2016... Justin W Since Type C became the port flagships began using. Because I've already switched over all of my chargers to Type C connectors, this would be firmly in the "con" category - I won't purchase a device without Type C. ReallyMen That's cute. I switched to type C way back in 2015. When I bought my 6P. But that's the only device I have which has type C. Justin W And I also switched over to type c with my 6P. Doesn't change the fact that the next device you or I get will most likely have Type C. Brian USB Type C is quickly becoming mainstream. It's time to ditch Micro USB. Get with the times :P ReallyMen I am with time. A huge gadget freak. I switched over to type C when I purchased my 6P. Corbin Davenport USB Type-C is still rare on Chinese Android devices, outside of flagship devices. It's understandable, much like the lack of LTE bands for America, but still a bit annoying. ReallyMen Here in India, a budget phone which is around 250$ are coming up with type C, fingerprint reader and they put the VoLTE feature in bold letters (because it's a new thing) and sell it. I feel type C hasn't grown much. Even the PC are taking such a long time to get them on board. M. Luciano 2015 Meloku The sad truth is, besides flagship phones in the US/Europe, not many devices use USB Type-C yet. Pointing this as a "con" is just misleading, specially for a sub-$200 Chinese smartphone. Georgi Marinov Since having a 3,5 mm audio jack on your phone is literally making you Hitler. Samarth I don't think anyone even consider buying a Meizu phone in the first place. KzX Since when having headphone jack count as a con? :3 Sruly J When did he say headphone jack is a con? Max Johnson When Apple (not Lenovo) decides you can't have it. MJ Who would even consider a phone meant for the Chinese market anyway? Is it even available in Europe? Corbin Davenport Yes, Meizu officially sells its phones online (including the M5 Note) in China, India, Israel, Europe, Brazil, and New Zealand: https://www.meizu.com/en/wheretobuy.html MJ I don't think a non-GMS Android phone will sell outside of China or India but good try Meizu. LOL Sruly J What about people who purposely don't want Google services? They're in a minority, but they still exist based on what I see on Reddit and XDA. Although it's not worth it for companies to bring their devices to the market just for this minority of users. MJ I can think of better phone options than this one could put a custom ROM on it without GApps. Regardless, my understanding is Meizu is a company actually trying to produce phones that will SELL WELL outside of China. This is NOT the way to go about it especially considering the questionable legality of the device itself. Sruly J So can I. And yeah, the things which Corbin mentioned in the article about what this phone does are just fishy. Bewear Those people are usually tech-savvy users which are more than able to install a custom ROM without flashing GApps. Sruly J I know. Besides, then they can have a great phone. Someone like that buying a phone like this just to not have GApps is laughable. Max Johnson Designing a phone to sell specifically to minorities (I mean in term of numbers, not race, so don't get sensitive) and rom flashers only is a strange marketing plan. Saying you can flash a rom to a phone to make it functional is a really bad excuse, especially when roms have issues which they usually do. Matteo Franco Meizus sold in Europe from the official source have Google services! I made a friend buy a M2 Note like 2 years and she's super happy with that :) MJ My understanding is Meizu is NOT A GSM PARTNER so if they are selling a phone with Google services on it the legality of it is in question. I assume you mean by an official source you are talking about a re-seller. They are known to to slap unofficial ROMs on Meizu phones. It's cool she likes it but personally I don't buy knockoff products. http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/12/15/an-obscure-chinese-smartphone-entering-europe-presents-a-sticky-problem-for-googles-android/ Matteo Franco I didn't read that article in particular before. That's kinda shocking... Those I was talking about are not resellers, but "official stores" that are indicated on their european website. BTW, as they state on their specs list on those "official stores" there's a pretty straightforward line affirming that phones are coming with the Play Store preinstalled (as you can see below)... It doesn't seem really correct then. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/33df4dcf05d88d283871db25ec2e111f54eb83a466914aeea809c339e15048fb.png Thomas Gladdines Indeed there wouldn't be any play services issues if you actually buy it from an official seller instead of some shady reseller that installs outdated gapps, adware and some mystery meat on it. Sruly J So... I'm getting the impression that Corbin isn't a fan of the Meizu M5 Note. Jeaninevbeck Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !ud328c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !ud328c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash628MediaNetGetPay$97Hour... ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!ud328c:....,....... Alexander Bus I hope Chinese phones get way more popular in the West just so I wouldn't have to read "It's understandable if you haven't heard of this company" in the beginning of every single review about one of them. Sruly J Except that most Chinese OEMs will never reach that accomplishment. Alexander Bus Sure, but there's two or three that stand out. Xiaomi is definitely one of them, Meizu is/was on the verge. M. Luciano I hope that they do not become more popular because they are bringing a lot of very bad Hardware with corrupted software and almost no security to these markets and they price them so cheap that people buy them because they don't know any better. I would much rather that they focus on putting out some quality devices and actually getting them up to par on the software and security front prior to releasing anything in the US. Alexander Bus >very bad Hardware with corrupted software and almost no security You buy cheap shit, you get cheap shit. Don't do that. Get a decent Xiaomi, flash your non-MIUI ROM of choice, and you've got yourself a great phone. Xiaomi Mi5 (not Mi5s) is currently a steal at ~230-250$, it's a sick 2016 flagship. m477 Even Xiaomi's bottom of the line is pretty good. Markoff LeEco phones are better value, saying it as happy owner of two Xiaomi or Zuk 2 is steal as well David Berry Id say it's hard to go wrong with a redmi pro from xiaomi . that's a nice phone for the $ & you get amoled. Meizu are like a samsung 2nd. Id rather buy an older or refurbed samsung & get the real thing. Meizus problem is explained above making it just like umi. At least meizu is going back to samsung & mtk now for their soc AsterMK Alright, I won't get into the bad hardware part because it's simply not true for any of the top Chinese OEMs, and into corrupted software because I'm not sure what that even is, but it's funny how you talk about "almost no security" when Xiaomi has the best track record for updates and security patches from any OEM. M. Luciano Xiamoi is beating Google and Blackberry? I didn't know that. But Xiaomi aside, it's only been about 10 weeks since we were reading about OEMs letting third parties access and modify their low level firmware, which resulted in back doors being created. The excuse was "it is used for customer service" and it impacted at least 2 OEMs. AsterMK Yeah they are. Even on budget devices like my Redmi Note 2 they currently have the January patch level. Those backdoors were found on none of the popular Chinese OEM. Not Xiaomi, or Huawei, or Oppo, or OnePlus, or Lenovo and Motorola. M. Luciano Huawei, ZTE and BLU. AsterMK Do you have a source for that? First time I hear about Huawei having the backdoor. M. Luciano Android Police and others from circa Nov 15th Anon lol none of those are actually verified data. even the source has not been verified by an independent 3rd party. want to know some verified ones? google for CarrierIQ. this californian company implemented backdoors into phones from apple, samsung, HTC, LG, RIM, AT&T, Sprint, Verizon. still think you are safe from these known brands? ha. What is Carrier IQ? Carrier IQ logs information about your whereabouts as well as other personal data such as browsing history, application usage and phone numbers. Carrier IQ users are unaware of the software's existence, as it runs hidden in the background and doesn't require authorized consent to function. From a permissions standpoint -- with respect to Android -- the software is capable of logging user keystrokes, recording telephone calls, storing text messages, tracking location and more. It is often difficult or impossible to disable. M. Luciano Carrier IQ is also stupid. Thankfully every phone I've ever bought has been immune to it. Lloyd Bannings Read that article again. I did a search and found no keyword about Huawei in the main article at all. ZTE and BLU, however, are on the list. Huawei is definitely on the better side in terms of quality and security control than those companies. Link: http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/11/15/security-firm-reportedly-finds-spyware-on-chinese-android-phones-including-blu-devices-sold-in-the-us/ AsterMK I didn't find anything about Huawei on those lists. David Berry I read one that mentioned huawei, zte & others. It was definitely there.i remember thinking what nexus lovers would think? I mean i don't think it makes too much difference if china or sth korea have my info.as if samsung don't sell off our info? It's just the other doors that can potentially be opened leave you vulnerabie on cheaper chinese phones Someone That's true, I own the Redmi note 4 and I got the security patch for 1.1.2017 a week ago! And the phone is perfect without any bugs that I noticed so I'm happy especially because the phone was so cheap 😀 Markoff not sure where are you from but Huawei and Lenovo are HUGE in Europe, followed by Asus and few other brands something like HTC is pretty much unknown since nobody buy it, heck even Sony would be dead if not for subsidizing with contracts Bewear Shitty iOS ripoffs? Nope. rockstarr27 Hmm not sure if I should buy this or not, review was unclear on that. Pedro Diego Fernández He basically told that it's not worth because it's not GMS partner so, you install the google apps with a third party and it may not work well and drain the battery... It's cheap, but maybe you can find some better options with little more money like a Xiaomi and wont have problems with the Gapps Markoff they recommend it since only thing they found can be easily fixed by installing clean custom ROM Corbin Davenport This phone has a Mediatek SoC, so custom ROMs will likely never happen for this. TechGuy22 mediatek you say http://s2.quickmeme.com/img/4c/4cbe603c8a9b399d005eb1a57df4ad371e8fba0f05f2e1e60c1bc8cad9317f8d.jpg CasperTFG Exact same thought every time I read specs on a new device. Giorgio Xenofonte Well, it seems an android review made by an IPHONE fan... :D Miku is Best Vocaloid Explain yourself. Jordan Palmer Not entirely sure how you came to that conclusion. Giorgio Xenofonte It is when you do a review seeing mostly what a thing does not do, instead of what it does... "OMG, where is app store? i dont like it.. it is named google play" "OMG, I cant deal with so many tweaks, roms... I just like it simple" Type-C? Meh... Design? Meizu had "iphone" design before apple Play Store? Camon, it is a chinese phone, there is no play store there... AND you can easily install gapps. This is a LOW PRICE PHONE, by a good brand... so, a good review could see all the good things the device has... not just FLYME IT :D Corbin Davenport My last iPhone was an iPhone 3G. Giorgio Xenofonte Just a metaphor. You approached the cellphone with a heavy load. AsterMK "While this is clearly designed for the Chinese market, hence the microUSB port" How are the two related? Rey Dislike of change. Many including corporations still use XP and IE6. AsterMK I guess, but you're not going to find many Type C phones at that price point in any country, not just China. Besides, China had the first USB C phone in the world. Adam Margeson Correct on the first part, but my Corp finally upgraded to Win7 about 2 years ago. Corbin Davenport As I mentioned in another comment, Type-C on phones/tablets is still rather rare in China, besides on some flagship devices. Jesus Martinez ummm, yeeeaah, USB-C isnt even common here in the US. Sure its going to start being adopted by remind me again why I should care? I have a SGS7E. and that comes with a microusb? you telling me my phone is an absolute piece of ****?? have you not read, some foreign countries/companies are suing google bevause they feel google play services are a monopoly, forcing others from not being able to install their apps. Sure, google apps are badass but if this doesnt even work eith LTE in the US, im guessing they dont really care if they sell like hotcakes here or not. also, arent people always bitching that they want a bare stock experience? sure this is a crappy ios clone ripoff, but at least they have a starting base point for less apps. and as for the camera, if people are willing to sacrifice quality and use a camera phone for everything, surely they dont care about its quality. i care, so i bought a Canon 80D and I have an expensive lens that isnt the crappy lens kit. AsterMK Not really true. China had the first USB C phone to begin with and plenty new mid rangers have it. andrew8806 Software: "There are countless issues with Flyme OS, starting with no Google services being installed by default". Battery life: "The poor implementation of Google Play Services causes the battery life to plummet, even with light use." I am confused with this statement. lol. 2×4 the implementation is poor because it is uncertified and not optimized andrew8806 Yes, but you can't say battery life is bad due to installing an application that the manufacture intended to not be installed on (not certified). If no Google services are installed on it, then installing it manually and giving poor review for battery life just doesn't make sense to me. Thats like me installing facebook on my Moto G and giving the phone a bad review because Facebook eats my battery. 2×4 yes you can because they have a GMS installer app EXPLICITLY to CIRCUMVENT GMS certification while still making GMS apps "available" andrew8806 Well that is an interesting way of implementing. Gotcha. jesuguru Fair enough, but the review correctly implies that an Android phone meant to be sold internationally (where Google services are used, unlike China) should be pre-optimized at least enough to not have battery life decimated after many users predictably install Google services on their Android phone. Renan Maybe when/if TWRP becomes avaliable to this phone, OpenGApps can be flashed? I mean, at least I think that their installation of GMS would work better. Jordan Palmer It's an MTK SoC, so I would not hold my breath. Cesar Cardoso "And while you might be right, I don't consider Android phones without the Play Store or Google Play Services to be usable at all. Searching on F-Droid for long-abandoned alternatives to my favorite applications is not a very enjoyable experience." Corbin, a rhetorical question: what about Amazon Appstore? Thomas Gladdines Sorry to say this: Actually it's a crappy review since an original Meizu phone would never ship with google services. So reviewing it based on something it doesn't have is kinda odd. The reseller probably installed the google services before he shipped the device and used some crappy outdated gapps package and didn't check if any other modifications are necessary for gapps to work properly. And to complete the party the reseller probably added some adware for fun :P The Meizu OS skin is actually pretty nice in my opinion, it's very different from stock indeed but there's great attention to detail and has some interesting additions. And this is a budget Meizu device from around $100 so it's obviously has a Mediatek soc, compared to high end Meizu phones with an Exynos soc. Corbin Davenport The phone was sent as a review unit from Meizu, not a reseller. flipp0 Factory reset the phone and install Google services again. Also, make sure that you have the lastest firmware installed. I have owned several Meizu phones and every one of them had great battery life (with Google play installed). My name is…. Why do you even review non Google devices? I already know AndroidPolice people is gonna shit on it, you guys are a joke. Steve Crap article based off a review unit. Buy it from AliExpress and basically everything you read in this article is crap. Got mine a week ago and it's running flyme 6.0 with google services pre installed - via the seller. Haven't had a single crash or issue in the week I have owned it. Battery life is on par with my 7 plus and get 2 days out of it. Diogo Neves Two friends of mine own the thing and they have nothing but great things to say. Amazing battery life even with the GMS installed and amazing performance for the price. Can't agree with this review. Try another unit before you bash the product for flaws that not everyone has. Steve McQueen SOLD! Rawhi Mohammad Meizu probably didn't pay AP enough this time. Alexis Barrientos 7.0 in January 2017... Not 6.0 Martin Only if they was judging the other OEMs that are releasing phones with problems and lack of updates... ! But of course liking Google's a** pays the bills I guess.. :) Tin My Meizu M1 note is still going strong after nearly 2 years of abuse. The battery still endures 1 day easily. I usually do web browsing 3-4-5 hours a day. Still 40-50% of battery left when I plug to charger at night. LG G3 could not hold charge that long. My wife's redmi note2 as well does not hold charge that long after 6-7 months. They have similar capacity battery of 3000 mAh. Flyme is brilliant if you are used to. I find it easier and quicker to use than usual android 3 buttons in LG and Xaiomi. Gesture wake up is briliant. I do not need to use power button at all. Google play installation is a breeze. I use Google Now as home screen so I do not have all the app icons on the screen. I got bored and bought mi max last month. It is too big and not very practical for daily use. Now I switched back to my M1 note. Dmitry Stepanushkin nice title. lol Vivek Rameses No Google services is a great fucking thing. That should be the selling point. Régis Knechtel "With a 4,000mAh battery, I was expecting at least a noticeable increase in battery life over my Nexus 5X"...."I did not see more than three hours of screen-on-time". Well, I don't know if there's something wrong with my Nexus 5X, but I've NEVER got more than 3 hours of screen-on time. It's usually just 2.5 h :( SE.Quence sot depending on your pattern of use, preferred network (wifi/lte) and so on. Greater improvement I got after reflashing to custom ROM. AQ Have you considered that the google apps you installed from this questionable & unofficial source might be maliciously modified & that is whats draining the battery like mad? Corbin Davenport As mentioned in the article and another comment, the GMS installed is made by Meizu, was found the in the Meizu-developed 'Hot Apps', and was recommended for use to us by a Meizu representative. It's as official as it gets, unfortunately. AQ Oh, I missed the part of "former" in the article, I just read it as both pointing to a sketchy third party. John Liu I think most of your problems are caused by the GMS, including the battery problem SE.Quence Moreover, no Qualcomm SoCs, mostly MTK with weak graphics, always locked bootloader so no any custom ROMs, no FM-radio, no IR remote and so on compared to his rival Xiaomi Redmi 3 Pro based on Snapdragon 650 with stronger performance and battery life. Kostas 💪🎩 It's nice seeing reviews of devices from chinese manufacturers. Considering this author's background with development, it would be nice to also see a personal note at the end of the article, regarding 3rd party development support of the device. Corbin Davenport It should run all Android 6.0-compatible apps. likurges god what I would give to have this skin or at least make my nexus 5 look like this. I don't give a shit if it look like an iphone clone or something, I find it to be one of the prettiest looking skins of android. It's just so clean and slick. Yeah I know the software itself is crap, but they can improve! Corbin Davenport Yeah, the UI itself isn't half bad. Certainly better than some of the other skins I've seen. Rob I wouldn't dare signing in to my main Google account on that phone. Did you (I suppose you did)? Moose Shame that the reviewer had such a bad experience with this phone. I have tried two Meizu phones in recent years - the budget M2 Note and the Pro 5. The former came with a global ROM so had no Chinese apps. Google services were already there. I had no problems with this phone, great battery life although the SOC was a bit laggy and the screen was a fingerprint magnet. However, the Pro 5 was a real flagship. Still I had to install Google services myself and the installed apps were all in Chinese and I got some Chinese notifications occasionally. But it was speedy and had fantastic battery life, plus no problems with anything. One thing I really loved about both these phones was the one-touch on the home button to go back so no need for a separate back button. And you could swipe up from the bottom to show recent apps, very convenient. (Lenovo's Zuk phones work in a similar way). I generally like Meizu phones, my only wish is that they would stop using underwhelming Mediatek processors. Now that they have resolved their differences with Qualcomm maybe we will see some improvement in this area. 1977Rider The problem with notifications happens with my meizu M3 (a.k.a Meizu m3 mini) and M3s, they dont appear until you open the app (whatsapp, as a example). I have the same problems you described (Im brazilian, imported my phones from aliexpress). Pokemon go runs on my M3s (with log in problens) but dont work on M3 mini. The notification problems seems "better" when i uninstalled Gapps, but that F***** my experience with the phones... Argh Flipp0 I have had problems with whatsapp notifications on both Meizu M2 Note and Meizu Max. But I managed to fix both of them. On M2 Note I rooted the phone and uninstalled security manager. On Meizu Max I whitelites whats app in the battery and ram settings and disabled linked launch is settings: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AEeMTnFk0Ns Bohari Japar I consider myself a Meizu fan after purchasing MX6 last year. A year before that I got myself Nexus 5x (small upgrade from Nexus 5), all I can say is, Ive never been more impressed. Its really cheap. But, I had to get rooted, extract opengapps and placed all the googliess apk manually because flashing the gapps zip files can be a bit tricky. Right now it feels very good. Markoff so your only complaint is that you don't know how to install custom ROM? because i don't see any provided reason why to not buy this phone in article besides complaining that you are lazy to replace ROM with clean custom ROM like Lineage Flipp0 I don't think custom roms is available for M5 Note but the newest firmware version is available here (both Flyme 5 Stable and Flyme 6 Beta): https://forum.meizufans.eu/category/144/meizu-m5-note Flipp0 Poor review. Countless people use this phone with Google Play and no battery life problems at all. You either got a defective unit or something went wrong with Google Play on your device. Factory reset the phone and install Google Play again. When it comes to missing notfications, I am sure that you can solve this issue by tweaking the power management settings. BIG IMPACT ENT This may sound crazy but..does anybody here have an android phone they need to get rid of?..wouldn't mind sending it to Africa. I am enthusiastic about but phones here aren't that affordable, not especially for people in school. Santiago Boscolo Wow a really good review!! Have you seen the agm a2? Eric "Disclaimer: Since Meizu is not a registered Google Services partner, the international M5 Note comes without Google's services preinstalled. Instead, the phone gives you access to an installer which installs them for you hassle free. Other reviewers have been pointing out that these, essentially sideloaded, Google apps and services drain the battery faster than usual, but we assure you this behavior was only found on the reviewers units, which were sent out running an earlier pre-production version of the ROM. With the latest software build we've been enjoying great battery life." - GSM Arena mf1gt3r This review seems biased. Simtopia23 Android Police = no Google implementations? don't buy it!! I've seen and read most of your reviews, and your reviews are misleading and bashing against chinese phones. Don't pretend every Android user uses the full suite of Google apps because i can tell you, this is not the case even in many countries in EU. RIZA YILMAZ Is this website working under Apple's sponsorship? I am using m5 note and device has no battery or performance issues. This is a cheap middle level phone. What are you waiting for? Alex This put simply, is a bad review. I wasn't expecting to be blown away, but the annoyances are not worth the reading... First of all, you cannot compare the weight of a 5.5" budget phone to a 5.0" flagship device. The Google Picel XL which has thas the same screen size weights only 7 grams less. I own a Meizu phone with Flyme OS and it definitely does not cripple the phone. It actually runs smooth and GMS work completely fine. I could go on. Review a unit that is not designated for the chinese market and you will not have these problems... vanaja best post http://www.selfcarinsurance.com sandeep news9 Nice post http://www.selfcarinsurance.com 4 Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 151 queries | 0.839s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Salone Monitor.com Online Reviews By Salone Monitor Search Main menu Skip to primary content Home Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Post navigation ← Previous Next → Dental Marketing Tips and Ideas for Dentists Posted on May 31, 2017 by admin Here’s What You Need To Know To Get Your Money’s Worth. Just imagine this: Your dental practice has become so popular that you’re asked to make the rounds on all the daytime talk shows where you get to show b-list celebrities how to whiten their teeth using baking soda, strawberries, and a charcoal briquette. Pretty awesome, right? OK… well you might not want to be a celebrity dentist but I’m sure getting more leads and more patients is probably pretty high on you list to grow your dental business. Dentistry is a hugely competitive field no matter what state you’re in. Cities like Los Angeles have well over 10,000 listings of dentists just on Yelp. There’s a dental office on every block and in every strip mall in every major city. That’s a lot of competition to go up against and if you’re not equipped with the right marketing tools you’re going to end up with their scraps. I know you’ve probably already tried to hire a marketing firm or SEO company to help grow your dental practice and they promised you big returns but couldn’t deliver. They made everything sound so confusing that you end up basically cutting them a check and had no clue what they were actually doing for you. The madness is going to stop right here. You need to make yourself knowledgeable on what dental internet marketing strategies ACTUALLY work to help grow your practice. Once you understand these dental marketing tactics you can ask your SEO company specifically how they are doing these tasks and make them show you reports on how they accomplished these goals. If they can’t, it’s probably time to kick them to the curb and look for someone new. Here’s What your SEO Company SHOULD be doing for you: Optimizing Your Website for SEO Monitoring your AdWords Daily and Making Good Adjustments Claiming and Managing Your Local Listings and Review Sites Managing Your Dental Office’s Yelp and Actively Helping You Push to Get Good Reviews Creating New and Engaging Content About Dentistry on Your Website Promoting Your New Unique Content Though Article Share Sites and Social Media Building Strong Backlinks with Reputable Sites to Your Website Auditing Your Dental Office Manager and Making Sure They are On Task Helping You Build a Good a Good Sales Funnel So Your Leads Turn Into Patients Give You Easy to Understand Reporting and Statistics Building Strong Backlinks In order for your dental website to rank well on Google you will need to build a good reputation on the internet. How do you do this? You need to gain trust with Google by building strong backlinks from other dental related websites. When Google sees that a reputable dental related website or blog links to your website it basically says to itself, “Hey, this trustworthy site thinks that this dental website is worth mentioning. Let’s bump it up a few ranks.” With enough strong backlinks, over time your dental website will move up to the front page for the keywords you want to rank for. Managing Your Yelp and Review Sites You might really hate Yelp but the fact is it is the first thing most people will see about your dental practice. You can’t hide from Yelp because it’s the users who drive your listing even if you didn’t create one for yourself. A good dental internet marketing company will be constantly pushing you to get good reviews and helping you develop new strategies on how to get happy patients to leave reviews. There are also other review sites like Google My Business, Yellowpages, Superpages, Manta, and many others that they should also be managing for you. When you do get a bad review (it’s inevitable, there’s always a person that leaves one) your dental marketing team should notify you of it and coach you on how to draft a helpful response. Many times a customer will increase their rating of you or if they don’t, other patrons will see that Optimizing Your Website for SEO Your dental website needs to be optimized for SEO in order to rank well on Google. There are many things Google looks for such as mobile responsiveness, meta tags and descriptions, webpage load times, proper HTML and CSS, etc. All of these issues need to be addressed in order to build a good foundation for your dental internet marketing. Your website needs to work well and convert well in order to maximize your investment. Claiming and Managing Your Local Listings If you want to draw patients from outside your city or just from your local competitors you have to start somewhere. Your dental internet marketing company should make sure you first dominate the city your office is in and then expand from there. A big part of this is making sure all of your Local Listings and Review sites are claimed and well reviewed. The more presence you have in your local areas the better you will show up on maps and Google searches. Eventually your website will start ranking for other surrounding cities and if your SEO team is doing their job you’ll be pulling in patients from all over the state. Creating New and Engaging Dental Content Google loves new, fresh, and engaging content. The more interesting and genuine your dental content is, the more Google values your website. Many dental marketing companies claim to write unique content for your website but actually just cut and paste articles from other places. Make sure your SEO company is actually researching and providing share worthy content that engages your visitors. Take some time to read the content your dental SEO company has been writing for you. If it’s junk to you then Google probably also thinks it’s junk and won’t care about it. Promoting Your Unique Dental Articles Just creating articles doesn’t work anymore. An old outdated SEO strategy was to create tons of meaningless content and stuff as many dental related keywords as possible (e.g. Dental Implants, Cheap Dental Implants, Low Cost Dental Implants, etc.) into an article in hopes Google’s robots pick it up and rank it well. This is bad blackhat practice. Google wants to see people talking about your article, linking it, referencing it, and discussing it. A good dental SEO company will focus less on creating mass amount of content and instead allocate resources into promoting the good engaging articles they have written for you. Managing Your Dental AdWords Many of you have probably already tried AdWords for your dental practice and haven’t seen a good return. Sometimes it feels like you’re just throwing money away every month. AdWords is very tough space because you’re constantly competing with hundreds of other dentists and companies with budgets that might just blow yours away. Some dental companies spend between $10,000 – $60,000+ a month just on AdWords. If you’re managing your own AdWords yourself it is very unlikely that you have the man hours to properly use its features to the fullest to get the most out of your budget. With keywords costing between $2.50 – $8.00 a click you need to be very careful and adapt new strategies quickly. The same concerns go along with having your website designer or IT profession who aren’t experts at AdWords managing it for you. Here’s are some basic questions to ask your AdWords manager: What is an Auction Insights report? Answer: A report that shows how your campaign is performing vs. your competitors. What Ad Extensions are you using? Sitelink – Additional links in your ad Callout – Additional descriptive text below your ad Structured Snippits – Extensions that highlight specific aspects of your services Call – Shows your phone number in your ad Location – Shows a map with your ad Review – Highlights third-party reviews on your ad What top sites are our ads showing up for our Remarketing campaign? What negative keywords are you using? Answer: Your manager should be looking through your search terms and exluding keywords you do not want to show up for (e.g. Gold Teeth, Free Dental Implants, Dental Schools) There are also some potential problems when a large SEO firm manages your dental AdWords. Since a large SEO company has so many clients, your account gets passed down to a junior AdWords manager who has very little experience which can possibly lead to you losing money on your campaign. They usually work on volume and offer cheap prices but rarely produce good results. Auditing Your Office Manager and Tracking Their Performance It’s fairly easy to come up with tailored strategies to help your dental business generate leads and convert them to patients but it’s another thing to implement them into office’s daily routine. A good dental marketing company will work closely with your office manager to make sure they are managing your staff correctly so everyone is executing the tasks needed to make your dental marketing successful. There are certain things your office manager needs to on top of like making sure your staff is actively asking happy patients for reviews, calling back leads in a timely manner, or making sure to record important data like the location and conversion rates of your leads so your marketing campaigns can be adjusted to get the most return on them. Your dental marketing company should be auditing your office manager on a weekly basis and making sure that all tasks are being completed. Building a Good Sales Funnel You can spend thousands on SEO and AdWords and get hundreds of leads but if you don’t have a good sales funnel, you will end up losing them. A good dental internet marketing company will create a process to help convert those leads into patients. This is done by using a CRM (Customer Relationship Management) software that manages and analyze customer interactions through the sales funnel. In plain English it means if someone fills out a form on your landing page asking you about a dental implant, you have a process that increases the likelihood that they convert from a lead into a patient even if they cancel appointments, don’t answer the phone, or ask to be called a few days later because they will be out of town. A good sales funnel will remind you team and force them to be persistent with these leads so they close and turn into paying patients. Every interaction is tracked so you will know where the leak in your funnel is. Creating Easy to Understand Reports and Statistics Many SEO companies give their dental clients complicated automatically generated reports to show how “good” their statistics are but many of the metrics simply don’t matter. Statistics Important to Your Dental Marketing Campaign Website Unique Visitors – The amount of New Visitors to your website AdWords Clicks – The amount of clicks your AdWords campaign is getting CTR (Click Through Rate) – How likely a lead will click your AdWords advertisement after seeing it. Total Phone Calls – How many phone calls are being generated through your website and landing pages Total Leads – How many leads your Dental Internet Marketing company is generating through SEO and AdWords Lead to Appointments – The percentage of leads that turn into appointments Appointments to Shows – The percentage of appointments that actually show up No Shows – The percentage of leads that make appointments but never show up Patients – The number of leads that turn into paying patients Cost Per Patient – The amount of marketing dollars that need to be spent to get a lead and convert them into a paying patient. With accurate and useful reporting and statistics you and your dental internet marketing team can make educated adjustments to your advertising campaigns to help you spend less money to get more patients. Conclusion Whether your goals are to become a world famous dentist to the stars or if you just want to increase your income enough to become profitable, you need to invest in dental internet marketing. Once you’ve found the right company to work with you’ll need to make yourself knowledgeable in what SEO and AdWords practices are most effective so you can audit them and make sure you’re getting your money’s worth. When you and your dental marketing team are working in complete harmony you can then begin to fine tune your campaigns and eventually expand the reach of your business and hopefully open up more practices to start the whole wonderful process all over again. Source by Austin Coulson This entry was posted in Uncategorized by admin. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman IT Pros Vote 2017 AI and Cloud Brand Leaders (1888PressRelease) June 01, 2017 – IT Brand Pulse, a trusted source for research, data and analysis about data center infrastructure, today announced the results of the recent IT brand leader survey covering AI and Cloud products. IT professionals from around the world responded to the independent, non-sponsored survey in April 2017, asking which vendors they perceive to be leaders in these nine categories: • Endpoint Protection • Machine Learning-as-a-Service • Next-Gen AI-Based Endpoint Protection • Private & Public Cloud Backup and Archive • Private & Public Cloud Dedicated Enterprise Servers • Private & Public Cloud Enterprise Class Storage • Private & Public Cloud SSD Storage • Translation-as-a-Service • Translation Software „2017 marks a turning point in IT pro perceptions as public cloud service providers were selected as market leaders for and backup and archive, servers, and enterprise storage,” said Frank Berry, CEO and Analyst at IT Brand Pulse. „In the first of many AI-related surveys to come, Babylon, Cylance, Google and IBM were chosen as leaders for translation software, AI-based end-point protection, translation as a service, and machine learning as-a-service.” Survey Highlights AWS • Private & Public Cloud Backup and Archive In the last two years that the private-versus-public Cloud Backup survey has been conducted, AWS trailed in second or third place for Market leadership. Fast-forward to 2017: AWS not only claimed the Market Leader award, but went on to sweep the entire product category (Price, Performance, Reliability, Service & Support, and Innovation). Microsoft Azure Cloud Services stayed just ahead of Veeam-the 2016 co-champion with EMC-to finish as the number two Market Leader. • Private & Public Cloud Dedicated Enterprise Servers AWS unseated another two-time winner (HPE) in the Private & Public Cloud Dedicated Enterprise Servers to gain this year’s Market Leader. AWS also secured Price, Performance, Reliability, Service & Support, and Innovation. Microsoft Azure Cloud Services came in as Market Leader runner-up, in front of HPE. • Private & Public Cloud Enterprise Class Storage Though AWS earned three titles in last year’s Private & Public Cloud Enterprise Class Storage survey, Market Leader was not among the accolades. In 2017, AWS leaped past reigning EMC (now Dell EMC) by nearly a 2-to-1 margin to take Market leadership. In addition, IT professionals voted AWS to top the remaining five categories: Price, Performance, Reliability, Service & Support, and Innovation. Dell EMC-slipping to second place Market Leader this year-managed to best the other dominant challenger in these Cloud surveys, Microsoft Azure Cloud Services, which filled in the third spot. Cylance • Next-Gen AI-Based Endpoint Protection In the first-ever brand leader survey for this product category, Cylance emerged as Market, Performance and Innovation Leader, while Sophos captured the Price, Reliability, and Service & Support honors. SentinelOne ended up in the number three Market Leader position, behind Sophos. „Cylance is honored to be recognized as a leader in Next-Generation AI-based Endpoint Protection by IT Pros protecting their organizations’ information every day,” said Shaun Walsh, senior vice president of marketing at Cylance. „Based on years of training of our AI model, CylancePROTECT has been proven to predict and block even the world’s most advanced malware before a single endpoint in an organization is infected.” Symantec • Endpoint Protection Like its AI-related counterpart, Endpoint Protection is another newly-added survey segment for 2017. Symantec carried its security-brand familiarity to land Market, Performance, Reliability, and Service & Support leadership; leaving the Innovation title to Cylance (which it also achieved in the AI category), and Price to Microsoft. McAfee/Intel was next for Market Leader; Cylance was third. „As we’ve seen with the WannaCry ransomware attack, multi-layered endpoint protection is more crucial than ever,” said Bradon Rogers, Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales Engineering and Product Strategy at Symantec. „In leading a shift to advanced endpoint capabilities, such as machine learning and zero-day exploit protection, Symantec Endpoint Protection has proven to stay ahead of attackers and provide full protection. It is an honor to be recognized by IT Brand Pulse for our commitment to ensuring our customers stay safe.” Dell EMC • Private & Public Cloud SSD Storage Dell EMC interrupted an AWS clean sweep of the private/public category matchups by holding on to its 2016 achievements for Private & Public Cloud SSD Storage. Respondents picked Dell EMC’s All Flash Arrays for Market, Price, Performance, Reliability, Service & Support, and Innovation awards. NetApp/SolidFire entered second place as Market Leader, with AWS following in third. IBM Watson Analytics • Machine Learning-as-a-Service Artificial intelligence-with its many applications-is clearly one of the most compelling industries in technology today. In the Machine Learning-as-a-Service category, end users split their opinions on leader distinctions: IBM Watson Analytics for both Market and Performance; AmazonML (the Market runner-up, preceding Google) for Price, Reliability, and Service & Support; Innovation to Google Prediction API. Google • Translation-as-a-Service For Translation-as-a-Service, global IT pros cast more than 50% of their votes to Google Translate in each of the six leader categories: Market, Price, Performance, Reliability, Service & Support, and Innovation. Microsoft Translator and BabelFish rounded out the top three, respectively. Babylon • Translation Software Garnering nearly half of the ballots for Translation Software, Babylon collected all available awards (Market, Price, Performance, Reliability, Service & Support, and Innovation). OneSky and NeuroTran finished second and third as Market Leader, in that order. IT Brand Leader Surveys IT Brand Pulse awards are the symbols for brand leadership. Winners are voted by global IT pros in surveys that are independent, non-sponsored research. The surveys are designed to measure the pulse of brand leadership in specific product categories. Within each product category, respondents choose the overall market leader, as well as the leader in price, performance, reliability, service and support, and innovation. Voters are provided with a category description at the start of each product section, a randomized choice of vendor answers, and the ability to write in a vendor, if not listed. Global IT Pro respondents to recent surveys include: Aera Energy – Arrow Electronics – AT&T – BAAQMD – Baird – Ball Aerospace – Banco Piano – Bank of America – Baylor College of Medicine – BC Liquor Distribution Branch – BJ’s Wholesale Club – Bosch – Boston University – BT Group – Capital Group – Chanel – Christus Health – City of Los Angeles – City of New York – Coca-Cola – Colliers – Connecticut Children’s Medical Center – Continental Tire – Columbia University Medical Center – Cox Enterprises – CSC- Cypress Semiconductor – Daybreak Game Co – Delta Airlines – DLL Group – Dominion Energy – Duke Energy – EnerCare – Expedia – EY – Federal Express – Foley & Lardner – Gannett – General Electric – General Motors – Hetero Drug – Intuitive Surgical – Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory – Kaiser Permanente – Kia Motors America – Kingston – Komatsu Limited – Kroger Co – Lawson Products – Leggett & Platt – Leidos – Lockheed Martin – Lowe’s – Marriott – Marubeni America – McKesson Corporation – Molex – Morgan Stanley – National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology – NASA Ames Research Center – NBC/Universal/Comcast – NCR – NOAA – NYU Langone Medical Center – Owens-Illinois – Optum – PPG Industries – Perrigo – Providence St. Joseph Health – Quicken Loans – Raytheon – Ricoh – Saputo – Shaw Industries – Shell Oil – Si Group – Spectrum Brands – Stanford University – Staples – Starbucks – Swagelok – TE Connectivity (Tyco) – Telus – Texans Credit Union – Tiger Corporation – T-Mobile – Travelport – United Health Group – U.S. Bank – Universal Parks and Resorts – USAF – US Navy – UPS – Università degli Studi di Milano – Vantiv – Walmart – Wawanesa – WebMD – West Pharmaceutical Services – and many more… About IT Brand Pulse IT Brand Pulse is a trusted source of research, data and analysis about private, public and hybrid cloud IT infrastructure, including servers, storage, networking and operating platforms. Learn more by visiting our website. ### CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Foretec Singapore Announces the Launch of Free SEO Consultation Service for Set Top Box E-Commerce Sites Next PostNext Latest News: World Gross Product of Intermediates Industry is forecast to Expand by 2.7 per cent in 2017 and 2.9 per cent in 2018 Search Recent Posts Atherton suffers dislocated shoulder as UCI Mountain Bike World Cup record run ends Welcome 2017 with Fosjoas K1 Intelligent Electric Skateboards Tenable Delivers the First Vulnerability Management Platform to Unify IT and OT Security for the Full Range of Traditional and Modern Assets The Philip J. DiNenno Prize awarded for the development and commercialization of Very Early Smoke Detection Apparatus Riassunto: Westinghouse e Boilermakers si accordano su un nuovo contratto Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
