Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Handhelds  »  High-End Smartphones  »  Review Review: HTC U Ultra smartphone by  Robert Leedham  |  Thursday 16 February 2017  | Comment Now Rating Overall: 45 HTC’s glass smartphone is a stunner to look at and almost as lovely to live with. Tweet Email this Print this Feedback This all-glass smartphone is seriously pretty. Just don’t drop it. If ever you need proof that necessity is the mother of all invention, then take a look at the HTC U Ultra. HTC used to be famous for its metal phones, then everyone else decided to make them too. So it's made a phone that's almost entirely glass instead. And it looks awesome. Sure, there's more to the U Ultra than its sumptuous design. It boasts two screens: one being a gigantic 5.7in affair, the other a thin 2.05in strip for instant notifications-related gratification. It’s also got HTC’s artificially intelligent Sense Companion ticking away under its hood. They're nice touches for sure, but the Ultra is really a uniquely handsome Android phone that stands out for its bold aesthetic above anything else. And do you know what? I’m very much OK with that. HTC U ULTRA DESIGN: A GLASS MASTERPIECE There's a reason that the HTC U Ultra looks the way it does, and you can kind of blame the iPhone 6. Before that slab of aluminium brilliance, HTC was pretty much out on its own in making all-metal handsets. Then its thunder was thoroughly stolen and everyone lost a lot of interest in its subsequent One M9 and HTC 10 flagships. The (almost) all-glass U Ultra is an obvious way to stand out again. And boy does it get the job done. When I first saw the U Ultra I didn't quite know what to make of it. There have been similar phones before - Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge both have flat glass backs - but this HTC is different. Its back is curved on to the phone’s four corners so it looks as though the device has been built as a whole rather than by slapping several different parts together. Even more significantly, the U Ultra’s glass has been ionised so that even its black edition changes colour according to the light around you. It’s an effect that's difficult to describe, but pick up the handset yourself and its subtle shimmers and reflections are sure to set your heart aflutter. I really, really like it but the U Ultra’s unique make-up won't be for everyone. Not least because it's ridiculously prone to smudges and - newsflash! - glass shatters. If you drop this thing then gravity will not be kind to it, even though HTC says it’ll survive a fall of about a metre. So the sensible thing to do is get a case that’ll cover up this vulnerability, but clearly that’s a less than ideal solution as it means you don't then get to gaze on every inch of its loveliness. As for the rest of its design, this phone is pretty much identical to any Android right now. Its 170g weight barely registers in your hands. At 8mm thin, it's a slight device, but not so much that it feels insubstantial. And its metal frame accommodates a power button, volume rocker, nano sim and microSD card slot, and a USB-C port. That’s right, just like the iPhone 7 this handset has no headphone jack - but we'll chat more about that later. HTC U ULTRA MAIN DISPLAY: BIG, BUT NOT BEZEL-LESS So what makes the HTC U Ultra different is its glass design and two displays. And even though it’s the smaller screen in this pairing that's really interesting, the bigger 5.7in panel is quite something. A couple of years ago, you'd think a screen this size would be simply too huge. Nowadays it's a real boon. The more YouTube, Instagram and Netflix we consume on our phones, the more it makes sense to have a generous Quad HD screen to enhance that experience. You certainly won't catch yourself squinting at the U Ultra anytime soon. Even though it's technically a beast of a device, you don't feel that way when using it thanks to its curved back and slender build. You can't really use this HTC one-handed, but nor is it a strain to hold and handle. How does it look? A generous 1440 x 2560 resolution - that's roughly 513 pixels per inch - means that you're treated to visuals with plenty of punch and vibrancy. The latest trailer for Zelda: Breath of the Wild had us quivering in anticipation, while sports highlights were suitably sharp. Since this is an LCD panel we're talking about - rather than the AMOLED screens you'll find in a Samsung - contrast could be better, but this isn't a major quibble. Of the big-screened phones you can buy, this is on par with the iPhone 7 Plus and Huawei Mate 9. Still, it doesn’t have the wow factor of the Xiaomi’s Mi Mix 6.4in bezel-less display. If you want to own the future of smartphones, then its incredible 91.3% screen-to-body ratio is the shape of phones to come. The U Ultra is more a reflection of the best they can do right now. HTC U ULTRA SECONDARY SCREEN: THE GOOD KIND OF GIMMICK So how about that secondary display then? On first impressions, the 2.05in strip that sits on top of the U Ultra’s main 5.7in screen screams of gimmickry - just as the LG V20’s does. While it’s certainly not essential, I’ve used it more than I expected to. In essence, this is because it works with third-party apps. Always-on screens were all the rage last year, with handsets such as Samsung’s Galaxy S7 and the LG G5 constantly showing you the time and some notifications. As useful as that sounds, no-one really nailed the concept due to a combination of so-so readability, limited usage scenarios and app support. Although the U Ultra’s secondary screen isn’t always-on - it wakes up when you get a notification or flip your phone up - it does a much better job of the same idea without proving a huge drain on battery life. Its 160 x 1040 resolution ensures you can always read what’s onscreen and HTC has designed the thing to work with all the apps you’d want. That means WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, Gmail and many more. If you get sent a short text, you can read the whole thing without unlocking your phone. It’s the same routine that you get with a smartwatch, but built into your phone. That’s not all this secondary screen can do either. When your U Ultra is unlocked it’ll show you upcoming calendar events, reminders you’ve set yourself and a 12-hour weather forecast for your location, among other things. It’s also meant to work hand-in-hand with HTC’s new Sense Companion, but I’m not so sure about that one. HTC U ULTRA ANDROID AND SENSE COMPANION: SMART ENOUGH As with last year’s HTC 10, the U Ultra runs on a relatively uncluttered version of Android. In this instance it’s Android 7.0 Nougat, the operating system that first launched via the Google Pixel and should now ship as standard on the vast majority of Google-powered phones in 2017. Android has been in good shape for some time now and its latest incarnation does little to rock the boat while introducing a few welcome new features. Chief among these are the ability to run apps in a split-screen mode, a renewed notifications centre and an improved Doze mode that’ll save on battery life whenever your screen is turned off. It’s that split-screened mode that’ll come in most handy on a phone of the Ultra’s size though. As for Google Assistant? That voice-based artificially intelligent know-it-all is sticking to Google’s Pixel and Pixel XL phones for now, meaning U Ultra owners will have to settle for the decent enough Google Now if they want local restaurant recommendations and the like without having to manually search for them. That’s no great loss really and, according to HTC, the U Ultra will be getting Google Assistant and Android 7.1 at an unspecified point in the future. Plus HTC is already bundling its own artificially intelligent Sense Companion in with the U Ultra. Although if I’m totally honest, I don’t really understand what it does. HTC claims the software is supposed to smarten up how your phone works on a day-to-day basis. So the way the Sense Companion was explained to us was as an added brain for your phone that’ll check your calendar and monitor your battery to make sure it has the juice to survive a late one, tell you to leave for work early if the trains are borked and learn who your real friends are so its notifications actually count for something. If that has all being going on in the short-ish amount of time I’ve been using the U Ultra, then I haven’t noticed it. In fairness, the whole principle of an AI assistant is that it learns your behaviour and a few days isn’t enough time for that to happen. I’ll be updating this review soon with a more definitive verdict on the Sense Companion’s day-to-day impact. HTC U ULTRA POWER: PLENTY OF IT Look past its swish new build and you’ll find the U Ultra essentially has the same internals as the Google Pixel, which was also manufactured by HTC. It’s got the same Snapdragon 821 processor and 4GB that powered the Pixel and the same 12MP rear-facing camera as well. When it comes to processing power there’s a more recent Snapdragon 835 kicking around that should ensure Android phones out later this year are even faster and more economical than ever before. Given they’re plenty fast and economical already, I can’t muster the strength of enthusiasm to be annoyed about its absence from the U Ultra. Nor is this something you should be fussed about either. The Pixel is one of the most powerful phones you can buy and the same goes for the Ultra. It chomps through graphically demanding games such as 3D racer Asphalt 8 and won’t break a sweat for your everyday multitasking across Google Docs, Twitter and the like. We say this almost everytime we review a smartphone nowadays, but it bares repeating: speed doesn’t matter anymore. Until phone-makers go all-in on VR or 4K performance, then you can throw pretty much anything at your phone and it’ll handle it no problem. HTC U ULTRA BATTERY LIFE: PAR FOR THE ANDROID COURSE It’s a similar story with battery life. Most top-end Androids will now last for about a day and a half, and offer fast charging so you’ve got less chance of being caught short. From what we’ve seen so far that’s the same story with the U Ultra. We’ve pummeled its 3000mAh battery with some hefty downloads, video streaming and gaming apps and still managed to muster a full day out of this HTC. With a lighter touch it should be able to kick on to around that day-and-a-half mark before the toll of powering a huge 5.7in screen sees it conk out. We’ll be updating this review soon to make sure that’s the case though. In the meantime, we can confirm its fast-charger takes no prisoners, topping up 33% of your battery in 20 minutes. Plus, it takes just under two hours to hit the 100% marker as well. Impressive. HTC U ULTRA CAMERA: BEHIND THE TIMES Not so long ago it was a hugely impressive feat for a smartphone’s camera to take a great photo, instead of one that’s merely good enough. Thanks to the iPhone 7, Samsung Galaxy S7 and Google Pixel we’ve been spoilt with some utterly sumptuous shots. So stepping back to a camera that’s merely good feels like more of a regression than it actually is. That’s certainly the case with the HTC U Ultra, which can capture a respectable photo given the right conditions. On a brisk, cloudy day focusing was pretty much instant in the shots I took, with a good amount of detail produced, even though the sky ended up looking lot more grey and ominous than it did in person. When hit with low light the results are similarly… fine. There’s a tolerable amount of graininess to photos and several red books on a shelf at home took on a more pink hue. If all you’re after is a commemorative shot of your mates down the pub, then you won’t be upset, but photo obsessives might end up a bit disappointed. My guess is that this mediocrity has a lot to do with HTC’s software, rather than being a hardware problem. Sure, this is (in all probability) the same 12MP sensor we saw on last year’s HTC 10, but the HTC-made Google Pixel also used that setup to sterling effect. Whatever the case, there’s no denying the U Ultra’s photos are uninspiring and this phone doesn’t come with a dual-lens setup to compensate. Either the iPhone 7 Plus’ zoom lens or the LG G5’s wide-angle lens would have helped make up for the slightly lacklustre overall performance here, but it doesn't get any such treat. So really you’re left with the worst of both worlds, as melodramatic as that sounds. Selfies are a sunnier story, though. Given a couple of attempts, the Ultra’s 16MP front-facing sensor delivers spot-on skin tones and it’s not half bad at night either. At least, our facial hair wasn’t reduced to the brown streak that lesser cameras capture. When it comes to the U Ultra’s cameras it’s a real mixed bag, then. They’re neither particularly impressive nor too much of a disappointment, which is fine when you assess the U Ultra in isolation. Set side by side with most other £500-plus phones, it ranks near the bottom of the pile. HTC U ULTRA EXTRAS: NO HEADPHONE JACK, A COUPLE OF PROBLEMS So what’s left to talk about with the U Ultra? Firstly, its fingerprint scanner is front-facing, sitting just under the phone’s screen, and works a treat. It’s fast and accurate and that’s all you need from it. Secondly, you get a generous 64GB of internal storage to fill with photos, video and all the apps you please. That's double the amount you'll find in an iPhone 7 or Galaxy S7. Sweet. Unfortunately, the HTC U Ultra’s audio situation is a tad more complex. This phone doesn’t have a 3.5mm headphone socket, so you’re forced to use either USB-C or bluetooth headphones. HTC has bundled in a pair of the former and has built its USonic ear-analysing tech into the phone to fine-tune its audio performance. Impressively, this managed to eradicate nearly all bass and weightiness from Beach House’ Myth, while Childish Gambino’s Boogieman sounded tinny and distant. You can switch back to a ‘normal’ non-personalised audio profile, but the results aren’t much better. Overall, HTC's decision to drop the headphone socket from its phones is less forgivable than Apple's identical move. For starters, you don’t get a 3.5mm-to-USB-C adapter bundled in with the U Ultra. Secondly, there’s less choice when it comes to USB-C headphones than there is Lightning port headphones, and that choice isn’t all that great in the first place. Finally, Bluetooth headphones are expensive and buying a new phone shouldn’t force you to spend an extra $200 or so on a fresh pair of cans. All in all, not having a headphone socket on the U Ultra is a big problem if you don’t own a pair of Bluetooth headphones already. HTC U ULTRA COMPETITION: ANDROID IS A TOUGH PLACE TO BE RIGHT NOW If you’re looking to buy an expensive Android, then that phone has to be different enough to the OnePlus 3T to justify the purchase. That’s because the OnePlus can’t be beaten for value or sheer workhorse-like power. Still feel the urge to spend a few hundred more dollars? Then you should also bear in mind this is a weird time to be buying a new handset. Mobile World Congress is just around the corner and that means the likes of LG, Motorola and Nokia (yep, it’s back) are about to announce their own latest devices. Plus, Samsung’s S8 should be due around April as well. Leaving aside the not-yet-released 2017 phones, the main competition comes from the Google Pixel XL and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. The Edge may be about to be old news, but that means its prices have taken a dive recently. It still looks fab, has one of the best cameras you can buy and offers a superb all-round performance. I personally think the Pixel XL is overly expensive and looks rubbish. That said, its camera is a knockout and it delivers Google’s vision for Android without any third-party interference. Still, Google’s own plus-sized iPhone isn’t as good as the actual iPhone 7 Plus. So where does that leave the HTC U Ultra? For my money, it’s the best-looking phone you can buy right now, but its camera isn’t up there with rest of the Android flagships. How it ranks against the S7 Edge and Pixel XL depends on where your priorities lie. HTC U ULTRA VERDICT The HTC U Ultra is a gorgeous smartphone to behold. If all you want from a phone is for it to look good in your hands, then you cannot do better than this device. Even though you’ll need to treat it carefully to avoid all manner of cracks, chips and smudges. While the rest of this phone isn’t quite so impressive, it’s still a fundamentally good handset. Speed and battery life are both on par with what you’ll get from other high-end Androids, and its dual screens are a well-tuned team. You can’t beat 5.7in of real-estate when it comes binging Netflix on the train into work, while the Ultra’s smaller secondary display does a decent job of juggling the myriad notifications you receive on the regular. Its camera is similarly sound, but we’ve been spoilt recently for point-and-shoot smartphone snappers and the U Ultra doesn’t impress in the same way as an iPhone, Pixel or Samsung S7. Skimping on a dual-camera setup feels like a big miss too, as does the lack of a headphone socket. So beyond the physical, there’s not a huge amount that makes the HTC U Ultra distinct. It’s a good job we’re vain at heart then. Related Reviews Review: Lenovo Phab2 Pro Review: ExoLens PRO with Optics by ZEISS Wide-Angle Kit Review: Google Daydream View virtual reality headset Review: Insta360 Nano Source: Copyright © Stuff.tv See more about:  htc  |  review  |  smartphones  |  u ultra   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   15 weird wars we want to see represented in game form     The phone bed is the most ludicrous product you'll see today     SpaceX promises internet for all, with a little help from 4,425 satellites     Apple’s fancy new Mac book is $US199     Silicon Valley wants California to leave the USA after Trump win   NOTE: You must be a registered member of PC & Tech Authority to post a comment. Click here to login | Click here to register More in High-End Smartphones (1 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: HTC U Ultra smartphone << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Samsung Galaxy S8 colours 'leaked' << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple fuels rumours of wireless charging for the iPhone 8 << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Google Pixel 2: Everything we know so far << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (5 of 10 articles) NEWS What we know: the BlackBerry Mercury << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (6 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Motorola Moto Z smartphone << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Samsung Galaxy S8: Bixby assistant 'will support eight languages' << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple 'ramping up' iPhone 8 production << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Google could be stopping Pixel XL production soon << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (10 of 10 articles) FEATURE What we know: the Motorola Moto G5 << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in High-End Smartphones News Samsung Galaxy S8 colours 'leaked' Review Review: HTC U Ultra smartphone Feature What we know: the Motorola Moto G5 Group Test Group Test: Smartphones Gallery How good is the LG G4's camera? A-list Product OnePlus3 From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero Mate 9 review: Huawei's long-lasting 5.9in flagship phone How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal Cisco partners pay for massive product replacement Cisco Australia moves onto activity-based working in new offices CSC and HPE Enterprise Services unveil new company name: DXC Technology Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Telstra launches Gateway Frontier to get users back online during an outage Photos: How to get a subsea cable from Sydney to LA The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Qantas CTO quits Australia finally has mandatory data breach notification Demand 'still not there' for 1Gbps: NBN Co Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines was enough to make your blood boil 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Interview: Brian Fargo & Chris Keenan on Wasteland 3 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team GIVEAWAYPost Your Job on CrunchBoard and You'll be Entered to Win 2 Tickets to SXSW. Post Your Job to Enter Google Google expands fact-checked news to Brazil, Mexico & Argentina U.S. motor vehicle deaths see biggest two year jump in over 50 years, per NSC Google launches Cloud Spanner, its new globally distributed relational database service Browse more... YouTube Crunch Report | Youtuber Pewdiepie Gets in Trouble PewDiePie’s YouTube Red series gets cancelled after vlogger posts anti-Semitic content Disney cuts ties with PewDiePie, YouTube’s top star, over anti-Semitic clips Browse more... videos Five principles for building the next great video platform Drake’s new short film “Please Forgive Me” arrives as an Apple Music exclusive Facebook is testing video ads during Live broadcasts Browse more... machine learning IBM wants to bring machine learning to the mainframe Gamalon leverages the work of an 18th century reverend to organize unstructured enterprise data Yahoo supercharges TensorFlow with Apache Spark Browse more... kaggle Kaggle hosting $1M competition to improve lung cancer detection with machine learning  Algorithmic Essay-Grading: Teacher’s Savior Or Bane Of Learning? ChaLearn Challenges You To Teach A Kinect Instant Gesture Recognition Browse more... Google teams up with Kaggle to host $100,000 video classification challenge Posted 10 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois (@fredericl) 0 SHARES Next Story Reddit tweaks and renames public front page Google and Kaggle today announced a new machine learning challenge that asks developers to find the best way to automatically tag videos. The challenge, which comes with a $30,000 prize for the first-place finisher (and $25,000, $20,000, $15,000 and $10,000 for the next four teams), asks developers to classify and tag videos from Google’s updated YouTube-8M V2 data set. This data set features a total of 7 million YouTube videos that add up to 450,000 hours of video. YouTube-8M already includes labels, too, and developers can use this as their training data. The challenge then is to tag 700,000 previously unseen videos. The company is launching this new challenge on the same day of TensorFlow’s 1.0 release — and that’s probably no coincidence. Still, Google doesn’t restrict developers to using its own machine learning framework. They can use other frameworks, too. Given that the full frame-level data set is 1.71 TB large, though, and lives on Google’s Cloud Platform, chances are most developers will want to use Google’s own services to train their models (and they can get a few extra free credits to use the Cloud Platform, too, once they run out of their free allotment). Just last week, Google also launched the YouTube-BoundingBoxes data set. As the name implies, this data set consists of bounding boxes (for a total of 5 million videos) that track objects across frames. This isn’t something the developers will use in this new challenge, but it clearly shows Google’s interest in video classification. YouTube, after all, keeps growing, and probably sees more searches than most of Google’s search engine competitors. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Founded 1998 Overview Google is a multinational corporation that is specialized in internet-related services and products. The company’s product portfolio includes Google Search, which provides users with access to information online; Knowledge Graph that allows users to search for things, people, or places as well as builds systems recognizing speech and understanding natural language; Google Now, which provides information … Location Mountain View, CA Categories Search Engine, Blogging Platforms, Ad Network, Collaboration, Email, Video Streaming, Software, Enterprise Software Website http://www.google.com/ Full profile for Google Kaggle Founded 2010 Overview Kaggle is the world's largest community of data scientists. They compete with each other to solve complex data science problems, using the latest and varied applications of machine learning. Kaggle provides cutting-edge business results to companies of all sizes, especially in the Energy sector. The company also has a track-record of solving real-world problems across an array of industries including … Location San Francisco, CA Categories Analytics, Data Mining, Big Data, Predictive Analytics, News Founders Anthony Goldbloom, Ben Hamner Website http://kaggle.com Full profile for Kaggle YouTube Founded 2005 Overview YouTube is a video-sharing website created in February 2005 by three former [PayPal](/company/paypal) employees: [Chad Hurley](/person/chad-hurley), [Steve Chen](/person/steve-chen) and [Jawed Karim](/person/jawed-karim). YouTube enables users to upload, view and share videos. It uses [Adobe Flash](/product/adobe-flash) video and HTML5 technology to display a wide variety of user-generated video … Location San Bruno, CA Categories Internet, Video, Music Website http://www.youtube.com/ Full profile for YouTube Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Judge Rules CRISPR-Cas9 Belongs to Broad Institute | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes videos YouTube machine learning kaggle Google Popular Posts Featured Stories Judge Rules CRISPR-Cas9 Belongs to Broad Institute | Crunch Report VIDEO | 4:00 | Crunch Report CRISPR-Cas9 inventor Jennifer Doudna’s plans on moving forward, genetically modifying humans 7 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Facebook’s new job opening posts poach business from LinkedIn 12 hours ago | Josh Constine Judge rules CRISPR-Cas9 patents belong to Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT 12 hours ago | Megan Rose Dickey Verizon reportedly closes in on a Yahoo acquisition with a $250M discount 16 hours ago | Anthony Ha Latest From TechCrunch Baidu furthers AI push with acquisition of digital assistant startup Raven Tech 1 hour ago | Jon Russell Atomico closes on $765 million for its biggest fund yet 3 hours ago | Connie Loizos Crunch Report | Judge Rules CRISPR-Cas9 Belongs to Broad Institute 5 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Dorsey: Twitter still has “a long way to go” 6 hours ago | Katie Roof Up Next Reddit tweaks and renames public front page Posted 10 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Firmware Engineer @ Athos at Athos (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Account Executive @ Sauce Labs at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Product Manager @ Thanx at Thanx (San Francisco, CA, United States) Report Developer at cleverbridge (Chicago, IL, United States) Software Engineer at Magoosh (Berkeley, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Baidu furthers AI push with acquisition of digital assistant startup Raven Tech 1 hour ago by Jon Russell Atomico closes on $765 million for its biggest fund yet 3 hours ago by Connie Loizos Crunch Report | Judge Rules CRISPR-Cas9 Belongs to Broad Institute 5 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Dorsey: Twitter still has “a long way to go” 6 hours ago by Katie Roof CRISPR-Cas9 inventor Jennifer Doudna’s plans on moving forward, genetically modifying humans 7 hours ago by Sarah Buhr Google teams up with Kaggle to host $100,000 video classification challenge 10 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois Reddit tweaks and renames public front page 10 hours ago by Devin Coldewey UK startup PawSquad brings the vet to your door, on demand 10 hours ago by Natasha Lomas Huawei said to be building its own voice assistant 11 hours ago by Brian Heater Elon Musk posts, then deletes, tweets calling Trump’s immigration ban “not right” 12 hours ago by Darrell Etherington
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land AdWords Auctions Here's how Google's own ads impact bids & pricing AMP Change Google makes it easier to share publishers' real URLs Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE SearchCap: Google fun facts, how to hire SEOs & SEO analysis Barry Schwartz on February 15, 2017 at 4:00 pm More Below is what happened in search today, as reported on Search Engine Land and from other places across the web. From Search Engine Land: Google’s latest search feature serves up fun facts about animals, plants, fruits & vegetables Feb 15, 2017 by Amy Gesenhues Adding the words “fun facts” to queries for animals, plants, fruits or vegetables will surface list of facts atop search results. Keyword SWOT analysis: Finding your content opportunities Feb 15, 2017 by Casie Gillette Columnist Casie Gillette shows how regularly evaluating your keyword rankings and associated content can be a great way to stay on top of a long-running SEO program. Google releases new video on how to hire an SEO consultant Feb 15, 2017 by Barry Schwartz Thinking of hiring an SEO firm or consultant? Watch this video from Google’s Maile Ohye on what questions to ask and what to look for during that hiring process. Create an RFP for your next website project with this step-by-step guide Feb 15, 2017 by Digital Marketing Depot From technology selection to revamped branding, the process of redesigning a website is far more than new colors and content. Proper up-front preparation and a thorough understanding of your goals and needs set you up for long-term success. This guide from Bayshore Solutions will walk you through the RFP development process and serve as a […] Recent Headlines From Marketing Land, Our Sister Site Dedicated To Internet Marketing: Growing your agency with retainer-based relationships Top 10 video creators in January: Unilad & The LAD Bible keep the lead, both driving 4B+ views Marketers, think outside the list How to use psychological principles to improve ad copy Seasonal and holiday link building How to spice up your TrueView audience strategy on YouTube Forrester: Virtual Reality is not yet ready for marketers PullString now allows marketers to choose their intent engine Improving the social shopping experience: Facebook Shoppable Feed ads Search News From Around The Web: Local & Maps Video Deep Dive: Google My Business into 2017, Local University Searching Answer: Large numbers of ladybugs and dogfish?, SearchReSearch Expanding Fact Checking at Google, blog.google SEO Changing Domains? What Would an SEO Do?, Portent Google Mobilegeddon 2: Is This One Too Big to Ignore?, BruceClay.com Google Says Manipulating Browser Back Button Doesn’t Impact Search Rankings, Search Engine Roundtable Google Says Read Your Web Page Content Out Loud, Search Engine Roundtable Google: SEOs Need 4 Months to a Year for SEO Changes & Ranking Improvement, The SEM Post SEO Do’s and Don’ts for Relaunching Your Site, Smokehouse SEO The February 7, 2017 Google Algorithm Update – Analysis and Findings From A Significant Core Ranking Update, gsqi.com SEM / Paid Search Amazon Focusing on Mobile with Google Product Listing Ads, Merkle Search Marketing 3 Ways to Use User Generated Content to Boost Sales, SEM Rush About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Topics Channel: IndustrySearchCap Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers User Engagement Top 100 Report: Email Marketing in E-Commerce Diversity is Key to Understanding Corporate Video 6 Steps to Creating High Converting Native Ads The Facebook Advertising Ecosystem The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO See More Whitepapers Webcasts Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land AdWords Auctions Here's how Google's own ads impact bids & pricing AMP Change Google makes it easier to share publishers' real URLs Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Google’s latest search feature serves up fun facts about animals, plants, fruits & vegetables Adding the words 'fun facts' to queries for animals, plants, fruits or vegetables will surface list of facts atop search results. Amy Gesenhues on February 15, 2017 at 1:35 pm More Google launched a new search feature today, serving up fun facts atop search results for animals, plants, fruits and vegetable queries that include the words “fun facts.” From the Google Search Blog: Starting today on Google Search, you can find fun facts about living creatures from around the world, making you the most interesting person at the dinner party or the reigning champ at trivia… Ask for a fun fact about something (think plants, animals, fruits and veggies), and ta-da! A trivia tidbit is delivered right at the top of your search results. Google provided the following mobile search for “hippo fun facts” to show how the fun facts are listed: For some queries, Google says multiple facts will be displayed as the search result page is refreshed. About The Author Amy Gesenhues Amy Gesenhues is Third Door Media's General Assignment Reporter, covering the latest news and updates for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. From 2009 to 2012, she was an award-winning syndicated columnist for a number of daily newspapers from New York to Texas. With more than ten years of marketing management experience, she has contributed to a variety of traditional and online publications, including MarketingProfs.com, SoftwareCEO.com, and Sales and Marketing Management Magazine. Read more of Amy's articles. Related Topics Channel: SEOGoogleGoogle: Easter EggsGoogle: SEOGoogle: Voice SearchGoogle: Web Search Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers User Engagement Top 100 Report: Email Marketing in E-Commerce Diversity is Key to Understanding Corporate Video 6 Steps to Creating High Converting Native Ads The Facebook Advertising Ecosystem The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO See More Whitepapers Webcasts Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Driving The Epic 2017 Nissan GT-R Phone Reviews Oppo R9s: Australian Review Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 LG V20: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides This Handheld Scanner Was Supposed To Change My Life, But I've Never Been More Disappointed In A Gadget Gaming Reviews Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSport, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review Entertainment Reviews An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 Legion Isn't Just A Good Superhero Show: It's A Great Show, Period Suspiria Is Just As Terrifying And Fantastic Now As It Was 40 Years Ago Jabra Elite Sport: Australian Review An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 Samsung's New Chromebook Is A Nearly Perfect Budget Laptop Oppo R9s: Australian Review Legion Isn't Just A Good Superhero Show: It's A Great Show, Period Gadgets This Black Series Poe Dameron Helmet Is Too Small For Adults And It's Super Unfair While Kids Teach Beauty And The Beast's Belle How To Dance, This Doll Teaches Them How To Code This New Wearable Version Of Simon Will Have You Swatting At Your Face Lightning Earbuds With A Built-in Charging Making Avoiding Wireless Slightly Easier Mobile The White House Finally Convinced Me To Start Using A Secure Messaging App Australian Banks Tell Apple: We Just Want Your NFC The Nokia 3310 Was A Frickin' Tank It Looks A Whole Lot Like The Next iPhone Will Have Wireless Charging Car Tech Myer Melbourne Is Getting A Tesla Showroom The Most Dedicated Mechanics In The World Wrench On The Streets Of Hong Kong Toyota Is Building A Real-Life Tonka Truck Uber Has A Murder Problem Online YouTube Stars' Defence Of PewDiePie Is Garbage Watch A Redback Spider Fight A Brown Snake Report: Sad Yahoo Deal Somehow Gets Even Sadder Match.com Bets That Watching The Walking Dead's Zombies Will Make People Want To Screw Science & Health The Amount Of Oxygen In The Ocean Has Dropped Thanks To Humans This Sea Monster News Is Really Messing Me Up The Winners Of NASA's Space Poop Competition Are Full Of Ideas  Why The Most Controversial 2020 Mars Rover Landing Site Is Also The Most Exciting Cameras Bali In 360-Degree 4K Looks Better Than It Ever Has Camera With Lens Made From 32,000 Drinking Straws Takes The Eeriest Photos Genius Professor Turns His Classroom Into A Giant Pinhole Camera Lady Gaga's Halftime Superbowl Show Was Lit By Intel Drones Computing How To Build The Ultimate Movie And Music Server How To Painlessly Run Windows On Your Mac Logitech's Brio Is A 4K, HDR, Face-Unlocking Webcam Ask Giz: Why Are Some Blu-ray Discs Bendy? Gaming Here Are The Dates For PAX Australia 2017 Watching Swamp Thing Beat The Crap Out Of Damian Wayne In Injustice 2 Is Immensely Satisfying The Atari Flashback Has 101 Built-In Games (And You Can Buy It Right Now) Valentine's Day (When Your Partner Loves Virtual Reality More Than They Love You) Entertainment When Will A Black Actor Get To Have Their Deadpool Moment?  Agents Of SHIELD Dives Into Total LMD Madness Logan Clip Teases X-23's Brutal Origins Mel Gibson Might Direct Suicide Squad 2 Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 Telstra TV Is The Fastest-Growing Streaming Box In Australia, Apparently YouTube Stars' Defence Of PewDiePie Is Garbage Watch A Redback Spider Fight A Brown Snake 5 Apps To Get Almost Any Content On Your Apple TV David Nield Feb 16, 2017, 10:00am ⋅ Filed to:  apple apple tv fieldguide streaming Share You've got your shiny new Apple TV hooked up to a big display... so how do you get all the videos you own up there on screen? Easy enough for your iTunes movies, not so straightforward if your content's on a Windows laptop or an Android tablet. Here's how to get almost anything streamed to your Apple TV. Image: Gizmodo We won't take you step-by-step through getting iTunes content up on your Apple TV as you can no doubt figure it out yourself — try the built-in TV shows or Movies apps if you're stuck. In fact, getting anything from another Apple device is super straightforward because your Apple TV acts as a big AirPlay receiver. If you're not using Apple hardware or buying from Apple's store then the key is to pick the right app. With limited access to the tvOS file system (thanks, Apple), third-party apps are the key to getting your content up on the big screen, and these are the best ones for the job. YouTube Image: Screenshot We'll start with an easy one: YouTube. If you just can't figure out any other way to get your videos to an Apple TV, upload them to YouTube and watch them that way (you can keep clips private to your own account if you don't want them seen by the whole world). There's more though — the YouTube app for Apple TV gives you access to any TV show or movie you've bought through Google Play Movies & TV. There's no official Google Movies & TV app for Apple TV, but you can find all your purchased content in the YouTube app: go to My YouTube using the top menu then scroll down to Purchases to find your shows and films. Alternatively use the Google Play Movies & TV app on an iPhone or iPad and AirPlay your purchased content over that way. Plex Image: Screenshot We're huge fans of Plex and once again the app can work wonders when it comes to getting your music, movies, photos and everything else from a non-Apple device to an Apple TV. Sign up for a free or premium account, build a library of content on your machine (it works for Mac, Windows, and Linux), and the Plex app will stream it to your Apple TV for free — as long as you leave the computer on. Alternatively pay up for a Plex Pass and you can store all your shows and movies in the cloud rather than on a local machine. The Plex app for Apple TV is slick and straightforward and works a lot like your personal Netflix. Anything you've added on the server side at the other end will show up and can be streamed straight to your Apple box. AllCast Image: Screenshot If you fork out for the premium version of AllCast on your Android device then you can beam pretty much anything from your Google-powered phone or tablet to an AirPlay device — in this case the Apple TV. Besides videos you can get your music and your photos up on the big screen (there's no Google Photos app for Apple TV as yet), and if you want to test the waters first then try the free version of the app, which comes with a five-minute playback limit. The best part of AllCast versus other options is that there are no technical menus to wade through and you can be up and running in minutes. You don't need anything installed on your Apple TV either. It just pops up as an option when you launch the AllCast Android app. Once the connection is made you can beam over anything stored locally on your device as well as content from linked services like Google Drive or Dropbox. AirParrot 2 Image: Screenshot If you're interested in getting content from a Windows computer on an Apple TV without dealing with a server installation as you would with Plex, then AirParrot 2 is definitely worth a look — it will set you back $US12.99 ($17), but there's a free trial available if you want to see if it suits you first. Again there's little in the way of setup. Once it's running on Windows, choose the local Apple TV as a receiver, then choose a media file from disk, and it's streamed straight to the Apple device. You can adjust quality settings in the program preferences but we didn't notice any glitches in our testing. The application can also do a straight mirror of your screen, so an exact copy of your Windows display shows up on the Apple TV. There's a version for macOS as well, plus an extension you can use on Chrome OS. Meanwhile the accompanying iOS app lets you use your iPhone as a remote control for whatever you're watching on your TV. VLC Media Player Image: Screenshot VLC Media Player for the Apple TV — like the versions for every other platform — does a great job of playing audio and video content in pretty much any format in existence. It supports a whole host of network protocols, including Windows shares, UPnP and FTP, so wherever your movies and TV shows happen to be stored, chances are that VLC can get at them. It also works with Plex if you need it to. As with the desktop clients, there's support for multiple audio tracks and subtitles, and you can also stream any video link you can get ahold of the URL for. VLC is the most finnicky of the bunch as it takes a little bit of technical know-how to get videos up and running on it, but it's not particularly difficult to do, there's plenty of documentation on VLC's site to get you started, and once your files are in place then using VLC is a breeze. You can also use a connected web interface on an iOS device or a desktop browser and just drag and drop the files you want to play. Comments Bob Dobbs Guest Feb 16, 2017, 12:05pm Airparriot 2 is in the current humble bundle so you can get it for as little as 1 dollar right now. Reply 0 Lammie Guest Feb 16, 2017, 2:00pm Infuse Pro is great for video—plays pretty much any format locally off the ATV — so no need to transcode on the fly—which is the downside to Plex. You can stream all your files straight from a NAS or computer. It can source subtitles directly from Opensubtitles.org and the interface is almost as slick as Plex (and it also downloads metadata for all your files such as cover art, synopsis, etc). Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Australian Banks Tell Apple: We Just Want Your NFC Rae Johnston 14 Feb 2017 12:15 PM Bendigo and Adelaide Bank, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, National Australia Bank, and Westpac are attempting to gain permission from the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) to negotiate as a group for access to Apple Pay and the Near Field Communication (NFC) function on iPhones. No, scratch that - they'd just be happy with the NFC, actually. Why The NBN Isn't Selling Gigabit Internet Yet Bill Morrow, NBN 15 Feb 2017 9:45 AM This op-ed from NBN's chief executive Bill Morrow is being posted to the National Broadband Network company's blog today, and is being republished here in full by Gizmodo. Do you agree with his explanation? Do you disagree? Let us know in the comments. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: You Can Now Stream Your Favourite Shows From Anywhere Deals: Become A Pro Data Analyst With This R Programming Bundle Deals: Today Only! Save 70% On These Online Courses Deals: These Magnetic Wireless Headphones Are Perfect For Hassle Free Listening Trending Articles 1 Australian Banks Tell Apple: We Just Want Your NFC 2 Why The NBN Isn't Selling Gigabit Internet Yet 3 YouTube Stars' Defence Of PewDiePie Is Garbage 4 John Wick 2 Finally Has An Australian Release Date 5 An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 This Black Series Poe Dameron Helmet Is Too Small For Adults And It's Super Unfair While Kids Teach Beauty And The Beast's Belle How To Dance, This Doll Teaches Them How To Code This New Wearable Version Of Simon Will Have You Swatting At Your Face When Will A Black Actor Get To Have Their Deadpool Moment?  The Latest Marvel Legends Set Is A Guardians Of The Galaxy All-Star Team Behold, Frankenstein's Star Wars Ships More Details About AMD's Ryzen CPU Are Starting To Come Out DC's Newest Young Animal Series Is A Deep, Deep Jack Kirby Cut Maintain Your Relationship By Treating It Like A Bank Account How To Buy, Prepare And Enjoy Raw Fish Be More Productive By Sitting Next To Someone Who Works Hard Briefly: Nioh Review, Solo Travel, Yoga Hacker Shares in one of Britain's biggest aerospace firms are down 20% after it issued a 5th profit warning in 2 years Trump's Nato ultimatum has shattered a key pillar of May's Brexit plans An ex-RBS employee and customers have accused the bank of fraud, document manipulation, and forgery REPORT: The EU is terrified that Brexit will allow people to sell 'British Champagne' © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AI YouTube’s next challenge: parsing video content for search results Jordan Novet@jordannovet February 15, 2017 3:10 PM Tags: Alphabet, artificial intelligence, Google, Jeff Dean, search engines, web search, YouTube Above: YouTube search results. Image Credit: Jordan Novet/VentureBeat For Google, recognizing objects in photos is no longer a challenge. (See Google Photos for proof.) The next challenge is video. There’s more data to deal with, and videos are simply harder to summarize than images. Not that Google is alone here — Facebook, Snap, and Twitter have also been working to analyze video content. But Google’s YouTube has long been called the world’s second-largest search engine — second only to Google Search. While text can help Google return YouTube search results, the raw content of the video itself is still largely not taken into consideration. A few months ago Google gave a big gift to the research community: the YouTube 8M data set. Perhaps not coincidentally, today Google updated that data set. The significance here is that image recognition research has been propelled by the availability of open data, specifically Stanford’s ImageNet and Microsoft’s COCO. Artificial intelligence (AI) systems require data in order to become smarter, and these organizations have stepped up to provide that raw material. Google doesn’t just want to advance the state of the art for the benefit of all, though. It also wants to improve its products — in the same way that it brought Smart Replies to Gmail and instant visual translations to Google Translate. Surely Google wants YouTube to be the best damn place to find a video that relates to your query. “If it could [recognize] a video of a cow jumping over a moon, or a cat jumping over a fence, that would be really cool,” Google senior fellow Jeff Dean said today in a meeting with reporters at Google’s inaugural TensorFlow Dev Summit at company headquarters. That would mean Google would no longer need to rely on metadata like descriptions and comments for searches, Dean said. The underlying technology could make for better video recommendations as well. It’s not clear when YouTube might release the enhanced search capability. Generally speaking, though, “video is maybe a few years behind where we are with images,” Dean said. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 LG G6 Galaxy S8 Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: What would a return to China mean for the Google Play Store? Newsby Andrew Grush10 hours ago 2 217 4 “Google Play is coming to China” – we’ve all heard that line before. Ever since it first pulled out of the Chinese market back in 2010, there have been occasional rumors stating its possible return. With China’s smartphone market exploding, and Chinese OEMs slowly gaining global power, many suggest it’s only a matter of time before a return. I’ll admit I’ve written about this subject twice now. First I wrote a detailed feature in 2014, then in 2015 I wrote a short news piece on the matter. In 2016 other members of our team also covered similar new claims about Google’s moves towards returning to China. It’s hard not to be a little skeptical after all this time, but could 2017 finally be the year that this long rumored return actually happens? First, let’s break down the latest rumor. So this time around The Information reports that Google is in talks with NetEase to bring Google Play, and potentially other Google services, to China. To their source’s knowledge, no deal has been inked yet. It’s just talks. That’s pretty much the rumor in its entirety. Obviously, that means that even if a deal is reached, it could be awhile before Google Play gets released in China. It also means that the chances of it happening are currently 50/50 at best. That said, NetEase does have a history of working with western markets to bring apps and services to China, including StarCraft II, Diablo 3, Overwatch, World of Warcraft, and Minecraft. All of these services are games though, and partnering with Google for an app store would certainly have its own unique challenges. Would China even allow Google back? While Google technically was the one that left China, the breakup was kind of mutual, and so would the Chinese government even support a deal to bring back the Google Play store? It’s hard to say for sure, but the good news is that they don’t even need to sign off on the arrangement necessarily. As long as Google plays by Chinese rules when it comes to censorship and other net practices, Google doesn’t need express permission to return. The fact they are working with a local Chinese internet company would make it even easier for Google to get past any barriers keeping them out. As long as Google plays by Chinese rules when it comes to censorship and other net practices, Google doesn’t need express permission to return. Of course, Google would have to bend to China’s philosophies, which go completely against what the company typically stands for. As they say though, money talks. If Google wanted to ease up on censorship? It would have to strike a pretty impressive offer to get the Chinese government onboard, and honestly we don’t see that happening. So for Google, it’s choice is to continue losing out in China or to yield to the Chinese government. What would a Chinese Play Store look like? Aside from obvious language localization, the Chinese Google Play store would likely look quite similar to what we get in other markets, at least on the surface. A good precedent to turn to is the Apple AppStore. The Chinese version of the Apple AppStore still functions essentially the same as it would elsewhere, other than Apple is even stricter when it comes to the app approval process, ensuring that they closely follow all Chinese rules and regulations. The result of this is that Apple regularly removes apps at the behest of the Chinese government, with a higher profile example being the New York Times app back in 2015. Apple even removed some of its own services for movies, books, and the Apple News app that was introduced in iOS 9. The Chinese Google Play store would require a much deeper level of moderation than Google currently employs. The idea of Apple controlling app approvals and removals tightly is nothing new, but Google has historically had a much more lax hand. While they have turned to slightly tighter procedures in recent years, the Chinese Google Play store would require a much deeper level of moderation than Google currently employs. It is hard to say whether this would be handled by Google, NetEase, or both. It would require some pretty big changes though from Google Play’s normal operations. China is also notorious for malware, and so Google would have to greatly improve its approval processes to ensure that its store doesn’t become yet another malware-infested Chinese app store. Hell, even Apple has had some malware drama in China, and typically malware isn’t as much an issue for Apple.  As for the kind of apps you’d find? Again using Apple as an example, you’d find a healthy dose of both Chinese language and English language releases. That includes a number of higher profile apps and games that are currently not available officially in China. How Google and its partners would benefit from a Chinese Play store release The smartphone market has largely reached a point of saturation in many western markets. Sure, there’s still money to be made, but growth is much slower than it was in years past. In contrast, the Asian markets are booming and while Google is actively involved in India, China is a key piece of the profit puzzle and one that they are currently missing. According to a January report from Accenture, nearly three out of four Chinese consumers polled said they would buy new smartphones in 2017, up from 61% in 2016. Considering how large of a population is represented by China, this presents a huge opportunity for both OEMs and for Google itself. The more new phone owners out there, the more app interest. A highly controlled Google Play experience would also raise the quality of apps and services available for Android in China. For Google, it’s pretty obvious the money is there, if they can pull off creating a quality app store experience in China that stands apart from the competition. A highly controlled Google Play experience would also raise the quality of apps and services available for Android in China. This in turn would improve Android’s reputation in the country, giving Google and its OEMs an opportunity to steal further thunder away from Apple. According to IDC, Apple shipped 14.9 million units in Q4 2016, making it the 4th most successful vendor in China. A large part of the reason for Apple’s success in China is its position as a status symbol. That said, its reputation for greater security is an equally important motivator for Chinese buyers that fear the malware-ridden world of China’s Android app stores. Granted, not all of China’s Android app stores are unsafe, but it’s hard to deny that many of these storefronts have pretty mixed reputations. Considering Google already has partnerships with many Chinese OEMs like ZTE, Huawei, and OPPO, it would make sense that Google would attempt to extend this relationship into China. And by having Google Play’s (hopefully) more secure app store bundled out of the box, these OEMs would likely receive a boost when it comes to perceived security. This could help set these OEMs apart from Chinese smartphone makers that don’t play ball with Google, and could also eat away a little of Apple’s market share potentially. For app developers, Google Play’s presence in China also represents a huge opportunity. It is no secret that there are tons of app stores in China that are playgrounds to pirated apps. Consumers turn to these for a few reasons. First, it is sometimes the only way to get certain apps in China. Second, Chinese consumers tend to prefer free (or free to play apps), and so many of them will head to these seedier stores in order to get premium apps for free. If Google Play was in the equation, however? Knowing there was a safer, secure location to get these apps would possibly be enough to get Chinese consumers to buy them from official sources. Google could also work with these app developers to make specialized versions for China that either are cheaper or perhaps rely on in-app purchases instead. Obviously this is all speculation, but the point is that having a more official Android app store would have positive effects for developers that originate outside of China. The same goes for Chinese developers, as they’d had a more secure playground to place their apps. How would a Chinese Play store affect the Android ecosystem as a whole? The effects of having Google Play in China depend largely on how connected (or disconnected) the Chinese store and its developers are to the rest of the world. For example, this change could potentially give smaller Chinese developers the opportunity to release versions of their apps localized for other markets outside of China via Google Play, bringing new apps and experiences to those in the western world. Beyond that? If the Google Play store caught on in popularity, it could help to reduce the amount of malware floating around the web as lesser app stores shut down under the increased pressure from Google and the other more trusted Chinese app stores. This in turn would positively affect Android’s reputation globally as well. Additionally, smartphone manufacturers that partner with Google in China could enjoy a small boost in support or trust from global buyers, which would be especially important to companies like ZTE and Huawei, both of which are trying very hard to break into the western market in a big way. But is there even room for another app store in China? There are over 200 app stores in China. In the top ten positions you’ll find Myapp (Tencent), 360 Mobile Assistant, Baidu Mobile Assistant, MIUI App Store (Xiaomi), Huawei App Store, Oppo Store, Vivo, Wandoujia, HiMarket, and Anzhi Market. So can Google Play even stand out? It all comes down to the partnerships it is capable of forming. On one hand, OEMs like Huawei, ZTE, and OPPO have a history of working closely with Google. On the other hand, most major OEMs already have their own store front, and Huawei and Oppo’s stores are both among the top ten most popular. Would they really sacrifice advertising and promoting their own stores in favor of Google? It depends largely on what Google would offer them in return. Would OEMs really sacrifice advertising and promoting their own stores in favor of Google? It depends largely on what Google would offer them in return. First, if Google could brand their store as the most secure and carefully curated “Android app store” in China, there’s the potential reputation boost as already mentioned. Beyond that, Google could offer these OEMs perks that affect their operations outside of China like helping promote them to western markets or offering lower licensing fees for Google services in markets like the US. If Google Play could also serve as a stepping stone to eventually delivering other quality Google services (Drive, Gmail, etc), these drivers could also help Google stand out. Ultimately, we have our doubts that Google would be able to establish itself as king of the Android app stores anytime soon — if ever. The good news is that Google doesn’t need to. Even if Google merely established themselves in the top 25 within a few years, they’d be opening a massive market that currently they have limited interaction with. They’d also be opening the doors for tons of developers who currently don’t have relationships with any existing Chinese app stores. What do you think, should Google return to China? Let us know your thoughts in the comments. News China, Google Play China, Google Play Andrew Grush Andrew is one of the three Managing Editors of Android Authority, primarily responsible for the overseeing of US team of writers, in addition to several other projects such as VR Source and more. He loves tech, gaming, his family, and good conversations with like-minded folks. Show 2 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago57 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News HTC One A9 gets Android Nougat update on Sprint 49 minutes ago Here’s a look at the Huawei P10 in blue, gold and green 2 hours ago Google Phone 8.0 adds voicemail sharing and minor visual tweaks 2 hours ago Huawei may add to the already crowded field of voice-based digital assistants 6 hours ago LG G6 will have new UX for its 18:9 display, camera to have Square and Food m... 7 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   Oracle Appeals Ruling in Java Infringement Dispute With Google       Oracle Appeals Ruling in Java Infringement Dispute With Google     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2017-02-15 Print               DAILY VIDEO: Oracle revives Java copyright infringement dispute with Google; Apple to Mark Smartphone Anniversary With 'iPhone X' Premium Handset; RSA Conference Panelists Split on Question of Paying Data Ransoms; and there's more.   Latest Videos Sponsored Videos Trump Administration Holds Back Executive Order on Cyber-Security DAILY VIDEO: White House withholds cyber-security order for further revision; Cortana to help Windows... Kaspersky Finds New Malware Designed to Hide in Memory, Steal Data DAILY VIDEO: Kaspersky discovers new malware designed to stealthily steal data; Microsoft to shield... U.S. Court Orders Google to Turn Over Data Stored on Overseas Servers DAILY VIDEO: Federal court says Google must turn over data in foreign servers; Cisco report: mobile... Leak of Windows 10 Cloud Suggests Microsoft Readying Chrome OS Fighter DAILY VIDEO: Windows 10 Cloud leak points to potential Chrome OS fighter; TiVo's analytics pinpoint... Google Shuts Down Short-Lived Hands Free Mobile Payment App DAILY VIDEO: Google drops hands free mobile payment app; Microsoft Outlook on iOS welcomes Evernote... Snap Inc. Files for an IPO Worth an Estimated $3 Billion DAILY VIDEO: Snap Inc. makes it official, will go public next month; Microsoft sharpens Edge browser... Google Wins Appeal of 'Right to Be Forgotten' Case in Japan DAILY VIDEO: Japan's supreme court backs Google in 'right to be forgotten' case; HPE acquires... Flock Updates Collaboration Platform With 'Fake News' Detector DAILY VIDEO: Flock adds "fake news" detector to collaboration platform; Google upgrades security... Ransomware Shuts Down 70 Percent of Washington Surveillance Cameras DAILY VIDEO: Ransomware takes out 70 percent of Washington DC security cameras; Microsoft's CEO, tech... Microsoft Sends Alert About PDF Documents Hiding Phishing Scams DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft warns of emails bearing crafty PDF phishing scams; Toshiba to spin off Flash... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: Oracle Revives Java Copyright Infringement Dispute With Google Apple to Mark Smartphone Anniversary With 'iPhone X' Premium Handset RSA Conference Panelists Split on Question of Paying Data Ransoms Microsoft Enhances Security on Windows, Office and Azure Cloud       Here are your top news stories from eWEEK. Today's topics include Oracle’s revival of a copyright infringement lawsuit with Google, market speculation that Apple is planning to introduce three new iPhone models in 2017, the cyber-security recommendations of a panel of experts to defend against ransomware attacks and Microsoft’s security enhancements to its Windows, Office and Azure Cloud applications. Oracle has revived its long-standing Java copyright dispute with Google in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. In a massive 155-page appeal on Feb. 10, Oracle alleged that the U.S. District Court of Appeals for the Northern District of California repeatedly undermined its side of the story during a jury trial last year. The jury in that trial had concluded that Google’s Android operating system did not violate Java copyright. According to Oracle, the jury only reached that verdict because Oracle was prevented from presenting evidence at the trial showing all the markets where Android and Java overlapped. Apple is preparing to release three new iPhone models this fall, including a premium device designed to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, according to a leading mobile industry analyst. Apple will release two updates to the iPhone 7 and a new phone which may be called the iPhone 8 or it may be called the iPhone X, according to the leading analyst for Apple products, Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities. The iPhone X is expected to be a new premium phone that comes with a lot of innovations, including wireless charging, according to Kuo. The other two models are expected to be the typical second year updates of the features included in the iPhone 7 under the brand names iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus. Ransomware will continue to cause pain for companies in 2017, but there continues to be no single successful strategy to prevent or reduce the damage caused by this disruptive malware, according to a panel of security experts at the RSA Conference in San Francisco. For many companies, backups will provide a reliable fall-back measure if the company’s data is encrypted via ransomware. Yet, recovering data from backups is expensive and not always successful, panel members asserted. There is no single measure to prevent a ransomware attack and no single product at the conference that will save a company from a ransomware infection, Gal Shpantzer, CEO of Security Outliers, told attendees. The IT industry's attention is laser focused on security this week as the RSA Conference 2017 conference gets underway this week in San Francisco. Just before the event kicked off, Microsoft announced on Feb. 10 several new offerings and product updates aimed at helping its customers fend off hackers and keep their data safe. Examples include the forthcoming addition of Windows Hello, the biometric login technology in Windows 10, to environments that take an on-premises Active Directory (AD) only approach to user identity and access management. Microsoft also offers Azure AD for cloud-based and hybrid-cloud implementations. The forthcoming Windows 10 Creators Update will also feature a Dynamic Lock function that automatically locks a user's PC when they step away from it. Customers seeking to secure their Azure hybrid cloud environments will soon have new Azure Security Center and Operations Management Suite options. Thanks for watching. Follow the links on this page to learn more about the stories mentioned in this broadcast. And check back every weekday for another Daily Tech Briefing from eWEEK.com.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows HPE Acquires Security Analytics Vendor Niara A Look at What's Next for Ubuntu Linux in 2017 Kaspersky Discovers New Malware Designed to Stealthily Steal Data Ransomware Takes Out 70 Percent of Washington DC Security Cameras Encryption for Data at Rest comes to Azure File Storage 10 Reasons Why Apple iPad Sales Conti... In a record-setting fourth quarter that saw Apple generate $78.4 bi... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Good Gear Guide > Features > Chromebooks beyond the cloud: Everything Chromeboo... Chromebooks beyond the cloud: Everything Chromebooks can do offline From productivity to playtime, offline Chromebooks aren't the useless hunks of plastic that they used to be. Brad Chacos, Derek Walter (PC World (US online)) on 16 February, 2017 07:58 0 - - - - print email Born as pure conduits to the web—showcases for Gmail, Drive, and other Google cloud services—Chromebooks have been stuck with a reputation that they’re useless offline. The basic complaint is that Chromebooks become nothing more than dumb, worthless, keyboard-equipped pieces of glass if your Internet dies off. While that may have been an accurate description of first-generation Chromebooks, it’s not the case today. The offline abilities of Chrome OS have skyrocketed since the first Googley laptops hit the streets, and now Chromebooks can tackle many of the most popular PC uses—from blasting out emails to working on spreadsheets to even just playing movies—completely offline. Further reading: Chromebook power tips Such capabilities may not be obvious at first, and it may take some work to ensure what you want is available offline. But we’ve got your back. Here’s a guide to everything you can do offline with a Chromebook, complete with instructions on how to set it all up. Back to basics Let’s start with the cornerstones of the Chromebook experience. Google’s email and productivity solutions live and breathe on the web, but enabling their offline options lets you tinker with files and sift through your inbox away from the Internet. You can then sync all your changes when connectivity kicks back in. PCWorld Install Gmail offline to access your messages if you’re not connected to Wi-Fi. Chrome OS’s Gmail app doesn’t include offline capabilities natively, but that’s quickly fixed by downloading and activating Google’s Gmail Offline app, which mimes the look of the mobile Gmail apps. It will locally synchronize your messages and actions, which you’ll then be able to access while offline by opening the Gmail Offline app via an icon in Chrome’s New Tab page, or by selecting Gmail Offline in the Chrome App Launcher. PCWorld The menu options that allow you to activate Drive’s offline capabilities on a Chromebook. Enabling offline productivity is just as easy. Simply open Google Drive, then click the gear icon in the upper-right corner and select Settings. Open the General tab and check the box next to “Sync your work to this computer so that you can edit offline.” Presto! The process is even quicker with Google Calendar. Open it in-browser, click the gear icon and select the Offline option. Then, click the Enable button in the pop-up that appears. Calendar’s pretty much only good for viewing your schedule while offline, though—you can’t create or edit events. PCWorld Your Google Calendar can be accessed offline with a simple tweak in the settings. Things are even simpler if you use Keep— Google’s rival to Evernote and OneNote —to store your random musings. Keep automatically lets you peruse your stash and whip up new notes even when you’re offline. However, not all of the data you generate on your Chromebook lives in discrete apps. Chrome OS includes tools for working with local files, and those tools work just fine offline. You can view PDFs, view or edit Office files, play music and movies, and both view and lightly edit images offline. You’ll find your local files in the Files app. PCWorld From the files app you can see which of your content is available for viewing or editing offline. Just double-click on one to open it in the appropriate file viewer. Google has also made a number of improvements to the Gallery app that makes it a more capable image editor. One more thing: To access a webpage while offline, use the Save as PDF option, found under the Chrome menu’s print section. It’ll save the page to your Chromebook’s local storage. Some websites, however, may appear with wonky formatting and be cumbersome to read. Android apps improve the game The biggest boon to offline productivity comes with the addition of Android apps, courtesy of the Google Play Store. Just like on an Android smartphone or tablet, many apps cache data on the device so you can keep working if disconnected from the Internet. For example, Adobe Comp CC works completely offline, allowing you to create graphics or edit images.  PCWorld Adobe Comp empowers you to do design work while offline. Also, Microsoft Outlook lets you view your messages when disconnected from the Internet. The real work (like replying or archiving) needs to wait until you’re back online, but it’s better than a blank screen. PCWorld Outlook for Android keeps you connected to email while your Chromebook is offline. Most Android apps are still designed with phones primarily in mind, but they might offer useful offline capabilities. The Play Store will be available on all Chromebooks released in 2017 onward. It’s coming to a limited batch of existing notebooks—check the running list updated by Google. Kick back and relax Chrome OS’s offline chops aren’t limited to work-related functions. You can take your play offline, too. And no, it’s not just limited to slapping a thumb drive stuffed with movies into your Chromebook’s USB port. Chromebooks support offline movie and TV show playback for Google Play, the company’s app and media marketplace. Any content you’ve purchased through the service can now be saved locally—at least if you’re using a Chromebook. Just look for the small, gray download icon at the bottom of a listing; clicking it saves the film for offline viewing. Note that you’ll need to install the separate Google Play Movies & TV app to see the option. PCWorld Google Play Movies can save your favorite programming offline. Stingy storage specs help keep Chromebook prices lows, but you’ll want to keep an eye on your available space, and be diligent about removing movies you’ve already watched. Going into the Play Store app’s settings and unchecking the “Prefer high quality audio” button can help stretch capacity. As for music, Spotify’s Android app works well on Chromebooks. You can download a playlist for offline listening if you have a subscription. Google Play Music has a similar capability, but I found the Android app to be buggy and inconsistent compared to the Chrome version. PCWorld Spotify brings offline listening to your Chromebook. Literary fans will want to check out Amazon’s Kindle Cloud reader. This app automatically downloads the book you’re currently reading so it’s available offline. You can also manually save books for offline reading. Open the offline floodgates Chrome Apps run in their own window, separate from the browser. While Android apps are finding their way to Chrome OS, for the time being it’s still Chrome Packaged Apps that offer the best level of polish. Chrome apps are infused with proprietary Chrome APIs, which grants them access to your laptop’s hardware and essentially transforms them into traditional desktop software, complete with discrete out-of-browser windows, full offline capabilities, and the ability to utilize local storage and resources. Chrome is ending support for apps on Windows, Mac, and Linux, but they will remain for Chrome OS. PCWorld The Chrome Web Store highlights apps that will work even if you’re offline. The Chrome Web Store’s ”For Your Desktop” section houses the available Chrome Apps, augmented by an even larger offline-enabled section. Of particular note, the Polarr is a powerful photo-editing tool, and the Pocket read-it-later app is a stellar resource for folks who loathe saving whole webpages for offline viewing. So there you have it: Chromebooks are stuffed with all sorts of offline functionality, provided you know where to look—and now you do!  Top 3 Reasons to Own a NAS More from Synology Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Google Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Brad Chacos, Derek Walter PC World (US online) Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Essentials Everki ContemPRO Roll Top Laptop Backpack Learn more > Samsung portable 1TB T3 drive Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive Learn more > Linksys AC5400 MU-MIMO Gigabit router Learn more > Smart LED Bulb LB130 Learn more > UE Boom 2 Bluetooth speaker Learn more > Epson EcoTank Expression ET-2500 Learn more > Microsoft L5V-00027 Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard Desktop Learn more > Mobile Google Daydream VR headset Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S45 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Huawei Mate 9 Learn more > Acer Swift 7 Learn more > Belkin MIXIT Metallic Lightning to USB Cable Learn more > Surface Book Learn more > 3SIXT Ultra HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Lexar® Portable SSD  Learn more > Logitech G403 Prodigy mouse Learn more > Exec Dell XPS 13 laptop Learn more > Blade 28 backpack by Arc’teryx Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1800x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards  Learn more > HP Pavilion x360 13” Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20c USB Type-C flash drive  Learn more > Surface Pro 4 Learn more > HD Pan/Tilt Wi-Fi Camera with Night Vision NC450 Learn more > Garmin Fenix Chronos smartwatch Learn more > Audio-Technica ATH-ANC70 Noise Cancelling Headphones Learn more > Dell Inspiron 5000 series 2-in-1 Learn more > Dell P2715Q Learn more > Budget Boost Mobile SIM Learn more > Smart Wi-Fi Plug HS110 Learn more > Evapolar USB air conditioner review Learn more > Samsung 960 EVO M.2 hard drive Learn more > Oppo R9s Learn more > Jabra Sport Pace earbuds Learn more > Canon EOS 1300d Learn more > Lifeproof Fre phone case Learn more > Back To Business Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Star Wars Death Star Bluetooth levitating rotating speaker review 2 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 3 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 4 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 5 ​Panasonic Viera DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review Latest News Articles ​Venom Blackbook Zero 14 laptop review Apple smartphones outsold Samsung's in Q4 What happens if your thermostat is hacked? Researchers name the top 7 security threats Chromebooks beyond the cloud: Everything Chromebooks can do offline War of the Worlds Episode 4: VR gloves, Samsung's ongoing battery problems, Snapchat TV, and more Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Michael Hargreaves Dell XPS 13 I’d happily recommend this touchscreen laptop and Windows 10 as a great way to get serious work done at a desk or on the road. Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content How to quit Pokemon Go (or to start enjoying it again) Japan's pop culture, anime-friendly, J-Pop shrine, Kanda Myojin The top 10 best and worst tech gadgets and products of 2016 Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTTechnical Consultant MS Dynamics AXACT FTSenior Solution ArchitectSA FTSenior Commercial & Contracts ManagerNSW FTSenior Commercial & Contracts ManagerACT TPDigital Business Analyst | AgileQLD CCUser ResearcherNSW TPSenior System AdministratorACT FTExecutive Sales ManagerVIC FTTechnical Consultant MS Dynamics AXVIC FTPMO Coordinator-Permanent Opportunity-Education/Government Background EssentialNSW TPMobile Application DeveloperWA TPSenior Business Process analyst - Major Optimisation projectNSW TPSCCM SpecialistVIC FTIT Project CoordinatorVIC CCLevel 2 Helpdesk Support (CISCO)QLD FTTechnology Testing CoordinatorQLD CCApplication Programmer - Software - Geospatial and Industrial EnterpriseVIC CCAnalyst ProgrammerVIC FTMicrosoft ProgrammerSA FTDynamics AX Functional Consultant (Supply Chain Modules)VIC FTDynamics AX Functional Consultant (Manufacturing and Trade & Logistics Modules)NSW CCTest Capability LeadNSW TPProject Manager - SAPQLD CCBusiness Test Lead - BRT/UATNSW TPBusiness Project Manager IntegrationNSW Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles South Australia aims to cut costs with CSC deal computerworld.com.au US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au CSC wins landmark South Australian Government IT outsourcing deal arnnet.com.au CMO's top 8 martech stories for the week - 16 February 2017 cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us New Google Phone app teardown reveals RCS calling features +4,850 Ashley King Feb 15th, 2017 As usual, Google has updated the Google Phone app without releasing an official changelog, so it’s up to those doing APK teardowns to discover all the juicy bits and what’s new. So far, Android Police has discovered two minor changes to the app and a few hints about what could be coming in the future. First up, voicemails can now be shared directly inside the app. According to the report, this feature will only work in cases where the Phone app has integration with voicemail, which is how Project Fi works. It’s unclear whether this will work directly with Google Voice or not. Secondly, a small fix for the color of the new contact quick shortcut icon brings it in line with the new color of the Phone icon. The most interesting part of this update is that AP’s teardown has revealed that Google could be working on adding RCS calling features to the app. Rich Communication Services is what we’ll be using in the future to replace SMS and MMS with more modern standards, but carriers are working on RCS video calling systems. The teardown reveals that Google seems to be working on a feature that allows users to send an image and initiate a call with another person, most likely with the sent image serving as the cover image for the voice call. local_offer    android apps   Google   Phone   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (1) stars Further Reading Google wants to add calling feature to Google Home The 128GB Black Pixel XL is back in stock YouTube update brings new content suggestion to fullscreen videos Google under investigation for anti-competitive practices with Android Google Assistant is coming to Sony Bravia TVs stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertGet a free pizza from T-Mobile and Papa John's closeGet some free pizza courtesy of Papa John’s and T-Mobile Tuesdays Starting on February 14th, and lasting for 4 weeks, T-Mobile has partnered with Papa John’s to give T-Mobile Tuesday users a free large pizza and 25% off regular menu orders. 2 more_vertThe Moto G5 Plus has been leaked in its entirety closeThe Moto G5 Plus has been confirmed after showing up via an online retailer The upcoming Moto G5 Plus has been leaked in its entirely after the device was published through an online retailer. The listing confirms many of the rumors regarding the device. 3 more_vertYou can now purchase the 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T closeYou can now purchase the 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T, but you’ll have to wait The 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T is now available for purchase, despite the device not shipping for 8 days. The 128GB variant is priced at $479, compared to $439 for the 64GB version. 4 more_vertDEAL: Get a tablet for free from T-Mobile closeT-Mobile is offering 2 free tablets for joining T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile is offering either a free Samsung Tab E or LG G Pad X 8.0 when purchasing the tablet through installment plans and signing up for T-Mobile ONE with at least 6GB of data. 5 more_vertVerizon brings back unlimited data plans closeVerizon surprisingly reintroduces Unlimited Data plans starting at $80 per month Verizon has announced it will be introducing an unlimited data plan for $80 per month, starting tomorrow, February 13th. 6 more_vertHow to remove apps closeHow to remove unwanted apps from your Android phone If you’re using an Android phone that isn’t a Pixel, there’s a pretty good chance it came with a bunch of pre-loaded apps that you have no intention of ever using. Thankfully, you can now remove almost any app. 7 more_vertHow to turn off screen overlay closeWhat to do when you get the annoying “screen overlay detected” message Android has gotten a lot more user-friendly over the years, but there are still some things that can leave users scratching their heads. One of the most annoying recent Android problems is the “screen overlay detected” message. 8 more_vertGoogle and Amazon prepare to battle it out in 2017 closeGoogle may have to play catchup with Amazon’s Alexa Amazon’s Alexa stole the show at CES 2017 and this may be cause for concern for Google’s planned expansion of Google Assistant. 9 more_vertPre-order the Samsung Chromebook Plus closeThe new Samsung Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order The Samsung Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order for $499 from Amazon, Best Buy, Newegg, and the Google Store. The Chromebook Plus launches on Feb. 13th. 10 more_vertEverything we know about the LG G6 closeHere’s everything we know so far about the LG G6 With Mobile World Congress 2017 looming, we take a look at all of the rumors surrounding the LG G6 and what could be coming from LG’s 2017 flagship. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 LG G6 Galaxy S8 Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google Home and Amazon Echo might add voice-calling features Newsby John Callaham10 hours ago 3 147 5 The Google Home and Amazon Echo connected speakers can already handle voice commands to answer queries like, “What’s the weather today?” or “Play my favorite song.” Now a new report claims both companies are working to add voice-calling features to those speakers as well. See also: How to set up and use Google Home November 7, 2016 According to The Wall Street Journal, via unnamed sources, the plan is to update both speakers so they can both make and receive phone calls. While the current plan is to update those devices with the calling features later this year, the article says it won’t be as simple as offering a downloadable upgrade. The story says that there are concerns about privacy with such features, including the possible ability for connected speakers to record phone conversations. The Amazon Echo speakers would store just the numbers that are called as well as the length of each call, if such features were added. It’s not yet clear what would be stored if the Google Home speaker added calling features, but the article points out that the company’s Google Voice app says it keeps the phone number, length of each call, SMS messages, voice mails and any calls users have recorded themselves. The article says that, if voice calling features are added, the Home and Echo speakers would most likely use a VoIP-based online system. It’s possible that the speakers might access a third-party VoIP system, such as Microsoft’s Skype. See also: What voice commands can I use with Google Home? Yet another barrier is adding 911 call support for emergencies. Currently, most internet-based call services cannot contact 911. Also, it’s not clear if calls made through these speakers would be accessible to law enforcement to wiretap conversation, which is required by phone companies. Based on this report, it sounds like it will be much easier to add these features to the Home and Echo, and much harder to jump through the hoops that will be needed to satisfy privacy concerns, as well as emergency and law enforcement needs. So don’t expect them to be added for a little while. News Google Home, Amazon Echo Amazon Echo, Google Home  The Wall Street Journal John Callaham John was a newspaper reporter before becoming a technology and video/PC gaming writer in 2000. He lives in Greer, SC with his wife and five cats. Show 3 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago57 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News Here’s a look at the Huawei P10 in blue, gold and green 36 minutes ago Google Phone 8.0 adds voicemail sharing and minor visual tweaks 1 hour ago Huawei may add to the already crowded field of voice-based digital assistants 5 hours ago LG G6 will have new UX for its 18:9 display, camera to have Square and Food m... 6 hours ago Clash of Clans developer Supercell may not launch a new game in 2017 6 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 59 21 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Google Fiber names new boss, sheds staff Gregory McCray is the new CEO of Access, the Alphabet subsidiary that oversees Google Fiber. Post to Facebook Google Fiber names new boss, sheds staff Gregory McCray is the new CEO of Access, the Alphabet subsidiary that oversees Google Fiber.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2lkJ61n {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Google Fiber names new boss, sheds staff Jessica Guynn , USA TODAY 4:14 p.m. ET Feb. 15, 2017 Google Fiber has a new boss. (Photo: Google Fiber) 59 CONNECTTWEET 21 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE SAN FRANCISCO — Google Access, the Alphabet subsidiary that oversees Google Fiber, has a new boss: Broadband executive Gregory McCray. The top job at Google Access has been vacant since October when Craig Barratt abruptly announced his resignation. Alphabet said at the time that it had halted expansion plans for Fiber, its ultra-high-speed Internet initiative. The halt fueled speculation that Alphabet may sell off Google Fiber. Bloomberg reported Wednesday that Access is shedding several hundred employees who are moving over to positions at Google. Google Fiber did not directly respond to those reports on Wednesday. "We’re thrilled that Greg has agreed to join as CEO, to drive this innovation and to grow the business," Google Fiber said in an emailed statement. Google Fiber halts rollout; top exec leaves McCray, formerly the CEO of telecom services provider Aereo Communications, also sits on the board of telecom company CenturyLink, which the tech industry news outlet The Information said could be a buyer for Google Fiber. “Google Fiber has been instrumental making the web faster and better for everyone — something I’ve been passionate about my entire career. I’m thrilled to lead Access as we continue in our mission to connect more people to abundant access, on networks that are always fast and always open," McCray said in a statement. Fiber is striving to bring Internet speeds of one gigabit per second to cities around the country, but progress has been slow. Google Fiber is in eight metropolitan areas and is committed to building in another four. It has been rethinking how it delivers speedy broadband access, shifting to wireless, a less expensive alternative to digging up streets and laying down fiber cables. "Google Fiber remains focused on our customers and cities. We want to bring Google Fiber to customers faster, so we’re focused on making deployment more efficient and less intrusive," Google Fiber said in a statement. 59 CONNECTTWEET 21 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2lkJ61n NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 LG G6 Galaxy S8 Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Is Google’s Fuchsia OS the key to merge Android and Chrome OS or not? Newsby John Callaham11 hours ago 6 231 9 In August 2016, word got out that Google had very quietly started working on an new operating system with the name Fuchsia. A few weeks after that news hit, rumors also began appearing online about another Google OS project, Andromeda. Those reports claimed that it was designed to be a hybrid of Android and Chrome OS, and that an early version was running internally at Google on the Nexus 9 tablet. Rumors about Google showing a preview of Andromeda at its Pixel press event in October were proven later to be false, but another report claims that a laptop with Andromeda could launch sometime in the third quarter of 2017. See also: Samsung Chromebook Pro review 6 days ago Since then, there’s been little to no news about either Fuchsia or Andromeda, but this week a new report from analyst Daniel Matte on his blog Tech Specs claims that he has found evidence that the two operating systems are in fact one and the same. More specifically, he claims that Fuchsia may be the actual merged version of Android and Chrome OS, while speculating that Andromeda could be the name of the first version of Fuchsia that will launch publicly: To my naive eyes, rather than saying Chrome OS is being merged into Android, it looks more like Android and Chrome OS are both being merged into Fuchsia. In Gary Sims’ excellent look at the Fuchsia OS back in August, he said that the “purposes and goals of Fuchsia are still a mystery” but in his opinion, he didn’t think it would be a replacement for either Android or Chrome OS, nor was it being made as a desktop OS to rival Windows or OS X. However, Matte says that Fuchsia can run on ARM, MIPS, and Intel x86 processors, which would seem to suggest that it could run on devices as small as smartphones and as large as big screen PCs. He adds: My best guess is that Android as an API and runtime will live on as a legacy environment within Andromeda. That’s not to say that all development of Android would immediately stop, which seems extremely unlikely. Matte ultimately believes that elements of both Android and Chrome OS will actually be put into Fuchsia-Andromeda. Is he correct? As we stated before, our own Gary Sims didn’t think Fuchsia was going to be that merged OS when he actually had it up and running in August. Things seem to be way too underbaked to make any assumptions at the moment, so only time will tell if he will be proven to be correct. Keep in mind that Google is already trying to merge Android with Chrome OS in a limited way, by letting all new Chromebooks released in 2017 run Android apps. Also, Google said we can expect smaller tablet devices to use Chrome OS sometime in the future, and they will also be able to run Android apps. News Google, Andromeda, Fuchsia Andromeda, Fuchsia, Google  Tech Specs John Callaham John was a newspaper reporter before becoming a technology and video/PC gaming writer in 2000. He lives in Greer, SC with his wife and five cats. Show 6 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago57 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News HTC One A9 gets Android Nougat update on Sprint 48 minutes ago Here’s a look at the Huawei P10 in blue, gold and green 2 hours ago Google Phone 8.0 adds voicemail sharing and minor visual tweaks 2 hours ago Huawei may add to the already crowded field of voice-based digital assistants 6 hours ago LG G6 will have new UX for its 18:9 display, camera to have Square and Food m... 7 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 Blenders Coffee Machines Cookers Dishwashers Fans Freezers More Fridge Freezers Fridges Garden Tools Irons Kettles Kitchen Gadgets Microwaves Mixers Ovens Personal Care Smart Home Steam Cleaners Toasters Tumble Dryers Vacuum Cleaners Washer Dryers Washing Machines Trending: Nintendo Switch Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 Google Pixel iPhone 8 Home / News / Smart Home News / Amazon Echo and Google Home to drive final nail in the home phone’s coffin? Amazon Echo and Google Home to drive final nail in the home phone’s coffin? by Chris Smith 11 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Both Google and Amazon are reportedly working on technology that would enable Echo and Home owners to use the smart speakers as home telephones. According to a report from the Wall Street Journal, the tech giants are seeking to integrate tech that would make it possible to make and receive calls. The WSJ’s ‘people familiar with the matter’ claim the tech could be introduced this year. Related: Google Home review The idea seems to be to make use of both firm’s communication platforms. Google has Voice, Hangouts, Allo and Duo (at last count) and Amazon just introduced a video chat app called Chime. It wouldn’t take too much for voice calling to be added to devices that already enable conversational chat between owners and Google Assistant and Alexa AI platforms. The report says the Home and Echo speakers could even have their own VoIP phone numbers, that would essentially replace the user’s landline in many cases. There’d also be the opportunity to sync an existing number (such as Google Voice, perhaps) and a contacts list to the speakers. The multi-directional microphones on both devices would enable users to hold conversations from multiple locations in the room without the need to carry a phone around with them. The biggest (only?) hurdle to making this happen, according to the WSJ report, are the ancient telephone regulations and the challenges of connecting VoIP platforms to the emergency services. All that being said, anyone with an Amazon Echo or Google Home speaker in their house probably jibbed a home phone years ago. Have you snapped up an Echo since it landed in the UK? Or are you waiting to see what Google Home has to offer? Drop us a line below. Latest Deals From Ebay Amazon Echo Dot 2nd Generation 2016 - Black $64.99 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with Toast’s real-wood cover for the Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [February 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: Lenovo’s new Yoga A12 Android tablet is just begging to be a Chromebook Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Five features that I want with the second-generation Google Pixel Trending in Google Corporate Google Home now supports over 70 apps and services, here are some of the most useful Trending in Google Corporate Hands on with Colorware’s new skins for Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Yesterday GOOG: 818.98 -1.47 9to5Toys Lunch Break: Moto G4 Play 16GB $105, WD 4TB External Hard Drive $95, Google Home $104, more Stephen Hall - Feb. 15th 2017 11:13 am PT @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Best Buy extra $25 off $100+ w/ Visa Checkout: Moto G4 Play $105, WD 4TB Ext. Hard Drive $95, Powerbeats3 $125, Google Home $104, more Amazon 1-Day Networking/Storage Sale from $20: NETGEAR Dual Band Router $67, 2-Pack Kingston 32GB Thumb Drives $23, much more Bose SoundTrue II Around-Ear Headphones for Apple devices: now on sale for $90 shipped (Reg. $120+) Apple’s robust 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar + Kensington USB-C Dock: $2,179 shipped ($2,579 value, Tax NY only) Apple iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case in Black or White: on sale for $85 shipped (Reg. $99) Verizon announces trade-in program that nets a free iPhone 7/Plus or Google Pixel (and others) for new Unlimited users 9to5Rewards: Grado’s Brooklyn-made SR325e Over-Ear Headphones [Giveaway] The entire GO Trilogy on iOS for just $2 today: Hitman, Lara Croft and Deus Ex (Reg. $5+) Infinity Blade 2 on iOS is available for free today for the first time in over 6 months (Reg. $7) LEGO Batman Beyond Gotham for iOS gets its very first price drop: $1 (Reg. $5) App Store Free App of the Week: Chameleon Run and its high-paced platforming go free MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Daily Deals: Dell UltraSharp 24-inch 1080p Monitor w/ USB 3.0 Hub $200, Westinghouse 40-inch 1080p HDTV $155, more Smartphone Accessories: Mpow Universal Bike iPhone/Android mount $10, more Timbuk2’s Leader Backpack has room for a 15-inch MacBook and more: $40 (Reg. $79) Games/Apps: Xbox One S Minecraft Bundle from $210, iOS freebies, more VUDU ‘Psycho Savings’ sale gets you 3 HD horror titles to own for just $15: Bates Motel, more Light up the lawn with Mpow Solar Lights: Owl Spotlight $24 (Reg. $30), more Luma’s Wi-Fi System will take your network to the next level: 2-pack $249 (Reg. $299) Deals for the at-home chef: Blue Apron Three Meal Bundle $27 (Reg. $60), and more Stock up on style this week – 50% off everything at J.Crew Factory You can grab a 1-year sub to Architectural Digest w/ digital iPad access for just $6 + more Keep your brews cold on the go: Stanley 64-ounce Steel Growler and Vacuum Pint for $19 MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: LG’s 55-inch OLED UHDTV lets you enjoy your favorite movies and shows in stunning 4K for $1,399 shipped (Reg. $2,000) Harman Kardon’s 7.2-Ch. A/V Receiver does it all: 4K, AirPlay, Bluetooth and more for $250 shipped (Orig. $550) Document the action: certified refurb GoPro HERO4 Silver Edition Camera for $200 shipped (Orig. $400) Canon Pixma All-In-One Color Printer is only $19 Gift Card Deals: up to $10 in free Best Buy money TP-Link 802.11ac Wi-Fi Range Extender $23 11-inch Electric Farberware Skillet is under $10 Fujitsu Rechargeable Battery Kit $25.50, more Keyton Portable Ice Maker for $70 (Orig. $250) Vera Bradley’s Campus Backpacks for $30 (Reg. $50) Mpow Thor Bluetooth Headphones $19, more Brenthaven Collins Shoulder Bag: $20 (Reg. $55) Eddie Bauer Sale: save up to 40% off sitewide Cuisinart 12-Piece Advantage Knife Set w/ blade covers $15 Stainless steal Apple Watch band $12 Prime shipped Logitech’s Advanced Harmony Touchscreen Remote $200 Vantrue 1080p Dash Cam $53 or  X1 for $80 Numark Mixtrack DJ Controller $99 (Reg. $150) 27″ 1080p Monitors w/ HDMI $140 (Reg. $200), more 2-pack Outdoor Motion Sensing Lights $30, more Travel-sized Single Serve Brewing System for just $24 Large 2-Topping Pizza from Domino’s $6 (Reg. $15) Samsung 55-inch 4K Smart Ultra HDTV, get it for $500 Aukey Quick Charge 3.0 5-Port USB Charging Station $22 ‘An Introduction to APIs’ Kindle eBook free (Reg. $1) NETGEAR’s 802.11ac Extender for $30 (Reg. $40+) LG’s Stylo Android Smartphone: $50 (Reg. $100) Google Chromecast 4K Streaming $59 shipped Cuisinart 2-lb Bread Maker for $64 Sharp 65-inch Curved 4K Smart Ultra HDTV $1,149 Fossil is discounting its Q Smartwatches by 25% NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Pad & Quill’s new line of full-grain leather men’s wallets are built to last you a decade Philips’ latest Moda monitor has a stunning design with ultra-thin bezels PixlPlay turns your old iPhone or Android device into a kid-friendly camera The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild is getting two expansion packs later this year Hayo brings augmented reality control to Hue lighting, Sonos, and your smart home Stark is a minimal iOS/Android Smartwatch with incredible battery life Herbert’s unique wall-mount garden will have you growing fresh herbs all winter long Shoot iPhone video like a pro with Fancy the “world’s smallest” stabilizer for smartphones The Brilliant Smart Home Control System turns any light switch into a touchscreen hub PlayStation 4 has never looked so elegant: the new TOAST real wood covers Bang & Olufsen introduces a new pair of “affordable” wireless headphones, but it’ll still cost you The RetroBlox gaming console can play all your old Nintendo, Sega, PlayStation, Atari cartridges The Orb outfits your home with Danish-designed, intelligent lighting Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google’s virus-scanning Verify Apps feature for Android now reveals its secrets Kyle Wiggers Digital TrendsFebruary 15, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share verify apps list update android quadrooter flawMore Googls’ Verify Apps feature is a valuable tool against folks who mean your phone — and the data it contains — serious harm. Since the Mountain View, California-based search giant introduced it in 2012 as a part of Android version 4.2 Jelly Bean’s new security feature, Verify Apps has played an active roll in checking Android software against a growing database of malware, exploits, and other nasty viruses. But it’s done so a little too quietly for some folks’ taste, apparently. That’s why in the interest of transparency, Verify Apps will begin reporting a list of the apps it’s most recently scanned. It’s a change first spotted by Android Police. A new version of Verify Apps shows the four applications that have been most recently scanned in a carousel menu, accessible by launching the Android Settings menu, tapping the Google option, and selecting the Security tab. Other newly exposed details include the time when the scan was completed, along with a toggle that “improves detection” by permitting Google to copy unknown apps and an option to disable Verify Apps altogether. More: Top 5 Android security apps: Do they protect you? According to Android Police, the update is being delivered as part of a new Google Play Services, a core Android component that synchronizes contacts, provides access to privacy settings, powers location-based services, and updates Google apps. Devices with version 10.0.x of the service lack the new carousel and settings menu, but those running 10.2.x do have it. Updates to Google Play Services are distributed via the Google Play Store, Android’s app marketplace. At the RSA security conference in San Francisco on Wednesday, Google announced that Verify Apps scans more than 750 million Android devices each day, checking as many as 6 billion apps for malware. But that’s not all Google’s been doing to ensure Android devices remain safe and secure. The search giant has worked with 351 wireless carriers to improve the time it takes to test security patches before deploying them to users, an effort that’s resulted in a reduction of the software approval process from six to nine weeks to just a week. It’s doled out $1 million to independent security researchers, an amount that’s on track to reach $2 million next year. And it’s pursued an aggressive strategy of encryption — as of December 2016, 80 percent of Android 7.x (Nougat) users use encryption. More: Security experts find 43 Android phone brands affected by Chinese spyware Adrian Ludwig, director of Android security at Google, said social engineering — attacks that fool a user into installing an app that compromises his or her device’s security — as one of the biggest challenges facing app developers today. “People don’t want to think about security,” he told members of the press at Wednesday’s RSA conference. “They just want it to be that way.” How to install Flash on an Android phone or tablet Popular Android remote app AirDroid is vulnerable to hacks ‘Gooligan’ Android malware affects more than 1 million Google accounts Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next The LG G6 might beat the Galaxy S8 where it matters most BGR News Make The Switch Now SpectrumSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech You should be excited about the iPhone 8 even if you hate the iPhone BGR News Unlimited plans: Verizon, T-Mobile, AT&T and Sprint, compared CNET New Single-Family Homes in Burtonsville, MD Ryan HomesSponsored Astronomers just found a piping hot ‘Super Earth’ BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance

Droid Life Menu Skip to content Home Topics Accessories Apps Beginners’ Guide Contests Deals News Polls Reviews Root Videos Podcast Deals Contact Search Post navigation Previous StoryGoogle Home and Amazon Echo Could Become Your New Home Phone Next StoryMost Underrated Galaxy S8 Launch Happening: Death of MicroUSB by Tim-o-tato on Feb 15, 2017 @timotato Accessories News Home Share this Story Tim’s Favorite Tech Stuff Right Now Before I got into Android, I wasn’t an overly tech-centric person. I had a few gaming consoles back in the day for playing GTA and other various titles, but to my point, I’ve never had a water-cooled PC called “n00b st0mp3r” or even a real smartphone until 2009. This can all be attributed, at least from what I can tell, to where and how I was raised as a child. I’m originally from a county in Northern California where trends can take years to reach, but given the internet age we currently live in, it’s getting much better there and more connected to the outside world.  Anyway, fast forward to 2017 and I’m on the front lines of innovation *laugh*, hanging out at CES, discussing industry buzzwords like IoT and getting to play with all of the latest and greatest toys available on the market. Needless to say, I’m now more attune to what’s taking place in the tech space and I very much enjoy the connectedness of it all. So, now that I’m all in love with technology and have implemented much of it into my life, I wanted to share my favorite pieces of tech I currently use and maybe inspire you to do the same in the comments below. Not all of it is related to Android, but just tech in general. Here we go. Propel’s Star Wars Battle Drone While we have yet to implement aerial drone footage in our video reviews (don’t think it’ll ever happen), I still enjoy playing with drones during my personal time. Recently launched are the Star Wars Battle Drones from Propel, right up my alley as a Star Wars nerd. While these drones are designed to essentially battle each other with built-in lasers (laser tag style), I enjoy flying mine around solo. According to the tech specs, these drones can reach up to 35MPH, but I haven’t gotten quite comfortable enough to bump the controls up to Mode 3. It would also be helpful if we caught a bit of decent drone-flying weather up in Portland, so I may be waiting until summer time to really let her loose in the field. If you go onto YouTube and check out other peoples’ flights, you will see that the entire unboxing and setting up experience is a blast. Everything, including your flights, are paired with Star Wars music and voices, perfect for fans who suffer from severe nostalgia. Even the process of putting batteries into the controller is met with voice guidance from a Rebel Commander. Below is what you experience when first opening the box. If you happen to be into Star Wars and into drones, this purchase is a no-brainer. Only downside is that it’ll cost you $199 for one, and technically, they’re much more fun when you have two (laser tag multiplayer battles). That experience starts at $400, making it not the cheapest drone you can find. However, buyers do have their choice between a 74-Z Speeder, T-65 X-Wing, and TIE Advanced X1. May the Force be with you. Propel Link ($199) Aukey Dash Cam I have been thinking about installing a dash cam in my car for quite some time, and what really inspired me to do so are all of the videos on YouTube of people capturing amazing incidents on camera. In reality, I don’t think anyone really needs a dash cam until something actually happens to you or in front of you, so I see it as more of a “better safe than sorry” type of investment. To put that into perspective, what I’m saying is, 99% of the footage you capture will probably be quite dull, but then there’s that 1% that will kick ass or come in handy if an accident is involved. Speaking purely about the Aukey Dash Cam, which Aukey provided for me to check out, it does its job and it does it quite well. It can record in up to 1080p with a 170° FOV (field of view), and its storage capacity it based solely on the size of microSD card you supply. Should you want a ton of footage, you can throw a 128GB card in the slot. If you don’t think you do that much driving, a 32GB should suit you just fine. For me, I use a 32GB and can get plenty of footage. When I have a clip I want to share, I simply stick the SD card into my phone and can either upload to Google Drive or YouTube directly. It’s a pretty straightforward experience. The Dash Cam is also capable of recording your vehicle’s interior audio, but I did notice the mic is somewhat weak. At least for me, my car doesn’t provide the best insulation from road noise, so that’s also part of the problem. Below is a bit of not-so-interesting test footage I’ve taken of both day and night driving, some with audio enabled and some without. I suppose it’s a good thing it’s uneventful, but you never know when having a dash cam might come in handy. If you have also been looking to get a dash cam, the Aukey product is on sale through Amazon, priced at $70 down from $90. Amazon Link ($70) Google Home and Amazon Echo I get asked quite a bit by family and friends if they should choose the Google Home or Amazon Echo. Honestly, I enjoy them both, and the only reason I stick with Google Home is because of my subscription and music library being synced with Play Music. If that wasn’t the case, maybe I’d rock an Echo. Point being, you can’t go wrong with either of them, and both will only get better as time goes on. While I will be the first to admit that I probably don’t use the Google Home to its full potential, I will say, having such a fancy music speaker slash kitchen timer is quite nice. When fully hands-on in the kitchen, it’s good not having to lift a finger when in need of setting a timer for when that apple pie needs to be removed from the oven. There’s another part of me that also enjoys the look on a guest’s face when they hear a woman’s voice coming from an unoccupied part of the house. “What the f@#%,” is usually their reaction and then I have to explain what Google Home is. By the time I’m done explaining everything it can do, they usually seem likely to buy one for their own home. I love that feeling. Anyone reading this probably knows about Google Home, so I won’t dive too deep into the experience (we also have a complete review of the thing), but if you have been on the fence about either a Home or Echo, just go for it. They’re a blast. Google Home: Google Store Link ($129) | Amazon Echo: Amazon Link ($179) Google WiFi I have had Google WiFi hooked up for nearly a month now, and seriously, it’s fantastic. I’m new to this whole mesh network thing, but so far, it’s been great. While I have been noticing much improved connection and speeds where I have placed the access points, it’s the smaller things I have enjoyed immensely. In the past, whenever guests would come over, I’d typically have to provide them with my main WiFi password. This would then allow them access to cast their crappy music or YouTube videos to my media system. I’m sorry, but your taste in music sucks and I’m so burned out on James Corden and Carpool Karaoke. Needless to say, with Google WiFi and the super easy process of setting up a Guest network with its own name and password, they can get their Instagram and Snapchat on, while still not being able to access my treasured network of goodies. On top of that, the idea that I can see each and every device that is drawing data on the network, complete with names and which point they are connected to, makes network management seem so painless. It’s as if the standard modem and router option seem archaic in comparison. I know the IT guys will start a war down in the comments about mesh networks vs. conventional routers, but you know what, I enjoy controlling everything from an app on my phone and everything just working. It makes life much less stressful, and honestly, I haven’t experienced a single hiccup during my time with Google WiFi. While the initial investment of $299 for a 3-pack might seem pricey, I think it’s worth the plunge if mesh has been calling your name. Amazon Link (Out of Stock) | Google Store (Out of Stock) ecobee3 Smart Thermostat I used to think that smart thermostats were a dumb idea. What, people are too damn lazy to change the dial themselves? However, now that I have been living with one, the ecobee3 to be exact, I take it all back. Me likey the smart thermostats. Essentially, while one can change the dial up on their smartphone or tablet, there are other advantages to installing one. For me, I enjoy having a forecast and weather information available right from where I set my heat and cooling, allowing me to know just what to expect when setting my temperatures. On top of that, back to the ease of use concept, whenever I head upstairs for bed time and realize I forgot to turn off the heat, I can do so just from my phone. No more dragging my lazy bones downstairs and manually setting it. With ecobee3 (the standard version, not the Lite), users also get a separate room sensor. That additional room sensor is nice if you live in a house with multiple floors, allowing the thermostat to get a better understanding of how to heat the home. For example, is the downstairs staying cool while the upstairs is getting too hot? These are things that the thermostat should know in order to adjust itself to find the perfect balance between all of the floors. I hear a lot of the same positive feedback from owners of the Nest (Kellen uses a Nest in his home), and really, I don’t think you can go wrong with either. I originally purchased a Nest to install, but due to a wiring issue I really didn’t want to deal with, I went with the ecobee3. There was a bit of wiring I had to get through, but it’s not hard at all. I can also vouch for ecobee’s customer service, which was top notch when I was knee deep in the installation process. Amazon Link ($248) There you have it, a short, yet detailed list for a few of my current favorite tech things. Have your own favorite tech toys you want to share with me? I’m always interested in trying new things, so share them below! Post navigation Previous StoryGoogle Home and Amazon Echo Could Become Your New Home Phone Next StoryMost Underrated Galaxy S8 Launch Happening: Death of MicroUSB NexusMan Is anyone else experiencing deteriorating Google Home performance? The exact opposite of what I expected, my devices are seeming to get worse and worse. They no longer hear me as well as they did right out of the box, over the past 2 days they stopped being able to play my music playlists…instead they don’t understand me and play random radio stations, and commands to control my lights don’t always work, like before. WTF? Howard Stern ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Cool little list. Nice to see a list without phones and stuff. Erinjdelarosa Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj259d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj259d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash259HomeBusinessGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj259d:….,….. DER I’d have a bunch of cool stuff too if I got it for free. NexusPhan Then go get a job in tech journalism? DER No i’m good. Thanks though. I work hard for a PAYCHECK. Free junk doesn’t pay the bills. NexusPhan Congrats! You’ve made my blocked doucher list. Woohoo. Go out an buy yourself a cookie, you earned. DER Wow. thanks. I’m honored. I think i’ll get an oreo. or maybe a chips ahoy. oh no, wait! how about a girl scout thin mint. Are you selling any? jabarri2 whats the point of commenting knowing he blocked you? lulz James That’s right, particularly when the bills include a giant ugly orange truck. Eric R. So what was the purpose of your comment? DER To give you trolls something to do…obviously it worked. Eric R. The only troll here is you DER I beg to differ. I simply made a COMMENT. Sarcastic at that, but it was a comment. Regardless of what it meant, i wasn’t looking for a response, a conversation or an arguement with anyone. And behold….3 people so far attacking me, debating me and heckling me for my comment. I doubt the internet version of the word “troll” is in the dictionary, but i’d say this pretty much sums it up. Eric R. Who said it was free? DER Tim did…in his article….. Eric R. Read it. Don’t see where he says he got these products for “free” DER “Speaking purely about the Aukey Dash Cam, which Aukey provided for me to check out” Eric R. You do realize that tech sites and reviewers don’t always get to keep the products. They usually get review units that they must send back Tim-o-tato Only the Star Wars drone and Aukey dash cam were received as test units. Everything else is bought and paid for. Daniel Castro The Viofo A119 dash cam is eons better than the Aukey. 2k recording and excellent night-time capabilities. Tim-o-tato 2K? Dang, all the more to eat up my SD card’s storage. It’s priced pretty nice, tho! About Droid Life We consider ourselves to have the greatest Android community in the world, here at Droid Life. We talk general news, feature apps, review phones, and even teach you how to hack a little. But most importantly, there is no place on the internet that has the reader participation that we do and consider ourselves to be completely community driven. If you were looking for the best place to learn about Android and talk with like-minded folks about all things tech, then Droid Life is for you. Follow Us Facebook Google+ YouTube Twitter Subscribe © DRD Life Inc. About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Coulee Creative.
Skip to main content iMore Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors iPhone iPad Watch TV Mac How to Live Help Reviews The Best Best iPhone apps Best iPad apps Best Mac apps Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Apps Games Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Forums iPhone iPad Mac Apps Games Features Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop now! Podcasts Contact iMore About iMore Android Central Connectedly CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Mastering Maps How to find the best transit route in Apple Maps on iPhone Best apps for iPhone Best apps to track your cellular data usage Love up! Best dating apps for Valentine's Day Love is in the air How to plan the perfect Valentine's Day trip 󠀠 💕😍💖 How to book dinner reservations for Valentine's Day with your iPhone < > iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iOS 10 iOS 11 Pokemon Go macOS Sierra watchOS tvOS iPad Pro Buyers Guide Gift Guide Order: BeatsX | AirPods | MacBook Pro | Order iPhone 7: Apple | Verizon | T-Mobile Find your way Best turn-by-turn navigation apps for iPhone By Mike Tanasychuk, Allyson Kazmucha Sunday, Feb 12, 2017 at 10:00 am EST 67 Comments The best turn-by-turn navigation app is the one that keeps you from driving into a lake á la Michael Scott. The old joke is that men hate stopping and asking for directions, but the truth is that no one likes to. It takes you out of your way and wastes precious time while some yokel argues with another yokel about the fastest route. Download an awesome turn-by-turn navigation app and skip the awkward conversation with a stranger. Google Maps Apple Maps Waze MAPS.ME CoPilot Scout Sygic Google Maps Google Maps offers driving, transit, biking, and walking directions in hundreds of countries around the world. All four types of transit also support voice-guided turn-by-turn navigation, and it's all free. If you like to have options, Google Maps is one of the best when it comes to showing lots of routes, especially for transit, complete with ETAs. Since Google is one of the most complete search engines in the world, it's hands down the best when it comes to searching for businesses and attractions across the globe. If you want to be able to search points of interest, Google Maps provides the most accurate results. It's also hard to beat in terms of public transit. Free - Download Now Apple Maps Maps is built into every iPhone. That means it's the default when tapping on map links inside other apps, works flawlessly in the background, and can continue giving you updates even on the Lock screen. While Apple Maps may not have as much data as Google, it gets better and better with time. So, if all you need are directions from here to there, it gets the job done. iOS 10 had also added a complete redesign and hooked apps right into Maps. That lets you book a reservation or request a ride right from Maps! Apple Maps has indeed steered me and many of us wrong the odd time, but for Siri integration and seamlessness in your user experience, built-in is always a great way to go (until Siri starts using Google Maps too!). Maps: Ultimate Guide Free - Built into iOS Waze Waze, which was acquired by Google in 2013, is a crowd-sourced maps and navigation app that uses travel data from you and people just like you in order to provide real-time information on the quickest routes. If your friends are using Waze, you can connect with them and, if you're going to the same place, you'll see when they'll arrive. Turn-by-turn navigation with Waze is also absolutely free and Waze can even help you find the cheapest gas station while driving. The best part of Waze is the ability to add points of interest for others to see on the map. If there's a speed trap up ahead, you can add it to the app to alert fellow drivers. If there's a traffic jam, you can let other drivers know why when you drive by the source. Waze really lets you look out for your fellow motorist, which I know seems like a foreign concept, but wouldn't the world be a better place if it wasn't? Free - Download Now MAPS.ME MAPS.ME has over 8,200 reviews in the App Store, and over 7,000 of those are 4 or 5 stars (6,993 are 5-star!). You get access to reliable, detailed offline maps that provide turn-by-turn navigation, as well as directions to points of interest, and you can save locations as bookmarks to share with friends. The best part of MAPS.ME is that developer My.com is dedicated to keeping all the app's features free of charge. In fact, part of the app description reads, "All maps inside and all features are free. Always were and will always be." That's reassuring and a nice touch in this age of "freemium" content. Search different categories (restaurants, tourist destinations, hotels, etc.), share your location via text or social media, and even make hotel bookings on Booking.com right in the app. MAPS.ME is more than turn-by-turn navigation; it's an excellent travel companion. Remember that offline maps means they need to be downloaded, so don't get caught without an internet connection and no maps either. Free - Download now CoPilot The CoPilot app can be just that for you. It features reliable offline GPS so that you're not using up data on the road or missing out on navigation when you hit dead zones. The latest version has been completely overhauled with a new look and more comprehensive features. If you want voice navigation or traffic alerts and reports, you'll have to pay for them, but if directions are all you need, then you'll do fine with the free stuff. ' You can also choose to pay for region-specific HD apps that start around $10. These are more comprehensive and tailored to their specific area. Again, though, if navigation is all you need, the free version is excellent. Just keep in mind that offline maps means you have to download them, and some can be upwards of a couple GB. Free, with in-app purchases - Download now Scout by Telenav Scout by Telenav is available to anyone in the United States and aside from offering free turn-by-turn voice guided navigation, Scout is great at helping you find things to do no matter where you are. Points of interest that Scout things you'll find interesting will show up on the map as you're driving. If you're in a big city, Scout can even show you the rates at different parking garages near you so you know you're getting the best deal. You can even search for things before you start your journey and mark things on your route. If you need offline maps, you can purchase them via in-app purchase for a one time fee. If you don't need them, all the other features of Scout are free to use. If you're in the United States and want voice guided navigation that can double as a personal concierge of sorts, Scout by Telenav is a great option. Free with IAP - Download Now Sygic Sygic comes with the ability to download free offline maps in over 100 countries. With these, you get route planning guidance, information on thousands of points of interest across the globe, and free map updates. If you'd like 3D maps, turn-by-turn voice-guided navigation, lane guidance, speed limit warnings, and more, you can upgrade to one of many different map packages via in-app purchase. You will receive a free trial of the premium version for 7 days so you can try out voice guided navigation before deciding to buy. All maps are powered by TomTom and don't need an internet connection in order to work after they're downloaded. Other premium options available are speed camera warnings, heads-up display views, and much more. If offline maps are important to you, Sygic offers a ton at no cost to you, but you'll need to pay for turn-by-turn navigation. Many other features are also available a la carte via in-app purchase so you can customize your experience the way you like. Free with IAP - Download Now New directions Do you use a navigation app on your iPhone? Or, do you still use "old school" GPS devices? Let us know your picks in the comments below! Like us! Share on Facebook Reader comments Best turn-by-turn navigation apps for iPhone 67 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating returnmyjedi If Waze supported CarPlay or Android Auto I'd use it over any others, but I tend to stick to Google Maps and Apple Maps. However I only use the latter out of necessity as my iPhone is my work phone and my car won't allow me to connect a different phone over Bluetooth when one is connected via carplay. All in all apple maps gets my where I need to be, but is hopeless compared to Google maps in rerouting via traffic, and Siri doesn't understand me half as well compared to Google Now (case in point today was when I asked Siri for directions to a hospital in Yorkshire and she kept trying to send me to a cinema in Warwick). 0 20 hours ago Reply erikbock I love Waze but since they are Google I am sure we will never see it integrated into CarPlay so it's Apple Maps for me!!! 0 2 days ago Reply returnmyjedi You're probably right which is annoying. I prefer the CarPlay interface when driving but Android Auto has much better support for third party apps. As far as I can tell Siri only works on the stock iOS apps whereas Google now functions pretty much across the board. 0 18 hours ago Reply gewappnet Navigon is still not added and the new free alternative HERE WeGo (former Nokia Here) should also be mentioned. 3 2 days ago Reply jmak1234 I was in Venice last month and was using Google maps to direct my walking through the city. That was until it directed me into the middle of the Grand Canal. Fortunately Apple Maps knew the route better, and kept me dry. 0 2 days ago Reply Jay Mobile Apple Maps for me, I'm not a fan of TomTom's new subscription system nor do I like their new updated app. The fact that I can just say Hey Siri directions to such and such place is great. While Apple has gotten a lot of flak for the Maps debacle that was they have greatly improved it and I believe that Maps gets its info from TomTom. Either way Apple Maps has yet to fail me and it too offers faster routes when available and it just works 0 3 days ago Reply Thoughter Don't forget folks, if you're concerned about privacy, Google Maps keeps a track of everywhere you go and links it to your master file identifier, so hackers, law enforcement, governments, intel groups, etc., can get that same info. Since your master file info is indirectly made available to advertisers and such, think of the ramifications of private companies having access, even if indirectly, to that info. 1 3 days ago Reply DannyJJK If you're Edward Snowden, this is a problem for you. If not, then I don't see how it is… 0 3 days ago Reply steviet02 Haha, so you have to be a fugitive to be concerned about privacy? 0 2 days ago Reply DannyJJK Or you know, you can just turn it off like EBUK said below. I have limits on my privacy, but having used Google since… well… forever, they've never harmed my privacy and rather used the data to improve their services. 0 2 days ago Reply steviet02 You made that comment before you knew you could turn it off. The fact you have to go to the internet to shut it off and is by default opted in is a privacy breech. You have no idea what google has done with your data. To say they haven't harmed you is hyperbole and besides the discussion point, when a company can link a specific person to specific data that is a privacy concern for a lot of people. Just because you don't care doesn't mean it's not a valid concern. I've read enough of your responses, and I am legitimately asking, are you a teenager? -1 2 days ago Reply DannyJJK No, I'm not. And people know Google collects data because they can use it with AI among other things. Maybe they collect your location data so they can see the areas most populated and develop their maps more in said areas? Google haven't harmed me, at all, and I highly doubt they ever will, I've used Google a long time and they're trustworthy. 0 1 day ago Reply EBUK Unless, of course, you go to your Google privacy settings on the internet and turn location tracking off. Simple. 1 2 days ago Reply returnmyjedi But if I do that I won't be able to wear my tinfoil hat. 0 18 hours ago Reply RagedUSMC Google Maps, Apple Maps and Waze were tested against each other on the Today Show here in the U.S. and Waze beat the others hands down. Sent from the iMore App 0 3 days ago Reply steviet02 I've settled on Waze. Side by side it beats them in real world situations almost every single time. Especially when there are accidents or traffic build ups while in route. 1 2 days ago Reply SurferGeek Waze... hands down. The crowd sourcing aspect of the program makes it stand out. There are better maps and navigation out there but knowing about a speed trap, construction, accidents that have just occurred, weather, etc... makes Waze my go-to navigation program. 1 3 days ago Reply RobMarshall2112 Hi All, I just released an indie mapping app for iOS called FastTrip https://appsto.re/us/i20n9.i FastTrip lets you list your favorite trips and set reminders for trips so that you can check on travel times. I developed it so that I would have a quick way of checking my commute time to and from work. Please check it out. Thanks, Rob Marshall -2 1 year ago Reply AlxLrnr iArrow for iOS is another great GPS app. It works offline and helps to save your waypoints to navigate precisely to them later, displays detailed GPS info and does a lot lot more. A simple and very effective app. 0 1 year ago Reply Manish Agarwal3 These are good. But I found Get Set Go really mind-blowing specially their HUD mode in my car. The windshield of my car is lit up at night ! Check the video here - http://youtu.be/K9QvnABbeVU or www.mnntech.com .. I love their HUD and the fact that it is so simple to use. -3 2 years ago Reply dahauss Your the author of that program so of course your going to say how great the program is.... Which its not since it freezes and crashes... 1 1 year ago Reply nck20 What about Navfree GPS?? It's free offline GPS without any costs with turn-by-turn navigation and voice. https://itunes.apple.com/nl/app/navfree-gps-verenigde-staten/id405922167... 0 2 years ago Reply Cameron Bales Waze is all about commuting. Depending on traffic it chooses the fastest of three routes. When I'm in places I don't know the routes then I use Google maps - it is much better at showing which lane to be in. Sadly that means I like the second most recent version of it, more than the current one. With the current version of Google maps I'm back to using Apple maps more often in places where I'm not familiar with the roads. 0 2 years ago Reply bszucs I am a regular Google Maps user, but I have to say I wish it had one option that Apple Maps has...ability to use the phone speaker for directions if the phone is connected to the car w/bluetooth. I hate that if I am listening to car radio I can't get my turn-by-turn directions from Google Maps. Curious if anyone else has the same complaint?? 0 2 years ago Reply Derek Doan I have the same issue with Google Maps. I rent cars a lot and use the Bluetooth. I have to stream radio so that I can hear the directions. Good cal out. Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply eprisencc Just use an app like iHeart Radio to stream radio stations over the Internet. Problem solved. 0 2 years ago Reply rkevwill I see some have mentioned TomTom, Navigon, and Garmin. I must say however, most of these reviews, including this one, continue to stress only the free apps. Thats fine, but in this case, most folks get what they pay for. I use Apple Maps often, and Google maps sometimes, but if I am actually traveling, I use my Garmin Nuvi, or, my Garmin Onboard on my iPhone. Serious GPS users know the difference. Although I prefer the GPS power of the Nuvi (yes, its significantly better than the iPhone) The updates are so easy on the iPhone, and the ease of use and features are "almost" as good as the nuvi, and heads above the free apps. Of course, many folks will disagree, but as I said, experienced and serious GPS users will know exactly what I am talking about. One nice thing about using the iPhone, is even though the GPS reception is not as sensitive as the Nuvi (or any real GPS devices), the wifi mapping sometimes helps in Cities. Still haven't found any GPS that can handle some of the canyons in Chicago or NYC yet though. 0 2 years ago Reply psiclne I use Waze for the most part. But I really would like if Google Maps & Waze had 1 app. The police/camera lights feature from Waze is really useful and the lane guidance from Google is great when you're in an area you're not familiar with. 0 2 years ago Reply GlennRuss GPS Drive by MotionX. I have been using it for a long time now, and like it. Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply Jerry5k I also have been using MotionX for at least 7years. Very pleased with all the features and they seem to keep up with all the others as far as adding additional info ( ie., traffic, accidents, police activity, etc.). Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply Jim Gramze In my own limited experience, I find no accuracy difference between Apple Maps and Google Maps. When one is right so it the other. When one is a mile and a half off, so is the other. So I go with the default which all things being equal is best since it gets auto triggered by other things so why not be familiar with it? My favorite thing about Apple Maps is it can be used without a data service. You can get directions at home, start, and then sleep the phone. Then it only wakes up to tell you about turns which saves tons of battery. I don't know if the other apps will do this as well. For me, at least, I don't care. My needs are few. 1 2 years ago Reply Allyson Kazmucha I find differences in different geographical locations. Where I live they are neck and neck. But in places I've traveled Google is better sometimes. Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply Barry Kushner Watch for Nokia Here soon. Free offline maps and turn by turn with huge amounts of POI. 0 2 years ago Reply GLBORCHERT I'm on board with Navigon. In my view Waze is a joke in most cases. Most of the apps you recommend may work OK when you're in an urban area with strong cell coverage, but how about when you like the mountains where cell coverage is spotty at best, or have business clients in rural areas? I paid the freight for Navigon and never looked back. It is reliable, accurate, and works wherever I am. As far as I'm concerned, it's a must have app. 1 2 years ago Reply Allyson Kazmucha Sygic offers TomTom powered offline maps in over 100 countries for free. That's the reason I didn't include Navigon and Garmin. I just feel there are many offerings that cover most people that don't require such a high up front cost. 0 2 years ago Reply Jabid21 Are you sure sygic is free? All I knew it provides free trial. Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply Allyson Kazmucha It provides a free trial of premium features, but offline maps are always free. Turn by turn you will need to pay for. But if you just want offline maps, Sygic offers that with no fee. I just found it to give many options which others don't without coughing up a lot of money. Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply uahero That is not true at least in EU 0 2 years ago Reply monstermeme I agree that is true when you have data coverage, but using most maps selected in your list without data coverage (say when traveling) is a financial disaster. I Would suggest that your statement on just made in this post should have been in your article so people better understand the basis of your article. I would also suggest you have a part (maybe a paragraph) indicating other use cases where you may want one of the paid apps. 0 3 days ago Reply iwoodland tomtom is the best satnav out there. It's amazing!!! -1 2 years ago Reply MikkoPaivarinta Yeah, it's great. Told me to turn on the motorway in Heathrow facing the oncoming traffic. Lot's a mistakes in the maps. 1 2 days ago Reply kataran Trapster is very good as well Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply eprisencc Closing up shop. 0 2 years ago Reply flatmacsurf I concur on Navigon. I like that I can email a link to other Navigon users that they can simply tap and it opens the app. I use it in my business as my assistant often needs to go to the same location as me. Sent from the iMore App 1 2 years ago Reply techitrucker If you're going to be using it in a large vehicle the only good choice is Copilot Truck HD. It's Mundo expensive though. On sale for $99 right now. The other choice is so bad is not even worth testing out. Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply eprisencc I use Google maps the most. I also use Waze when there are road blocks or traffic jams because it helps me get around them faster. In the event I do not have a good internet signal to use Google maps or Waze then I fall back to Navigon with offline maps to navigate. 0 2 years ago Reply moroboshi I generally use Google Maps as it has the most accurate traffic information. The voice guidance is very American centric though, which for a UK audience means we get unfamiliar US terms such as "ramp", as well as odd grammatical constructions and contractions. It feels rather lazy, as other apps offer localised voice guidance. Data is ultimately all that matters though, and Apple Maps, while better than it used to be, still lags behind, especially on local business search. (where Google are hugely superior) As for Waze, despite there being lots of Waze users where I am I find the Waze traffic data to be pretty terrible, and Waze routing is abysmal. 0 2 years ago Reply jld3 Most of these apps get their maps over your data plan. If you had Verizon and an IPhone that couldn't do simultaneous voice and data, that's a problem. You're driving along and someone calls you and your nav system is done. You miss your turns. So having the maps on-board the device is a good idea. I'm a fan of the Garmin apps, and have switched to the viago app which is getting better. 0 2 years ago Reply Allyson Kazmucha Nope, look at Sygic above, offline maps from TomTom, no cost for many countries. 0 2 years ago Reply eprisencc Att and T-Mobile for the win. Phone and data at the same time. Gotta love gsm. 0 2 years ago Reply gordol Garmin for me. I've always been a fan of Garmin. I've tried TomTom and Navigon and they just don't work the way I like. I've also tried Waze and Scout, and found them to be no better, and often worse, than Google Maps both in terms of actual data and also annoying ads. I much prefer having my maps onboard. Not so much now because I'm concerned about data coverage when traveling, but because of data quotas on my cellular plan. While Apple Maps is slowly getting better, it is still way off on too many locations for me to be able to trust it. And the current version of Google Maps appears to have broken the "track up" function, it now only toggles between "straight up" and "angled up" without rotating the map display to show the direction of travel as being up. 2 2 years ago Reply iljajj Navigon is part of Garmin, so that should make little difference. 0 1 year ago Reply jkeitz I always use Apple Maps. It rarely has any errors and it works flawlessly. Google Maps used to lack turn by turn, so it was completely useless. I know they've added that feature, but too late now. Waze is completely useless in Nevada. It has most of the streets wrong in my town, and it is as likely as not to send you West when you need East. 1 2 years ago Reply sadlybrokeboy Think you should state that these are all *free* apps, so you've not included the other paid ones such as Navigon, TomTom and Co-Pilot. The reviews are spot on - just think you should mention these are all free and a do a review set on paid ones :) 1 2 years ago Reply Allyson Kazmucha Sygic isn't free for navigation - I didn't include TomTom because Sygic provides many of the same offline apps for free. Navigon and Co-Pilot, same reason. I didn't purposely include only "free apps" - I just included the ones that I felt offered the best value and feature set. I just can't offer a reason to buy those when Sygic does offline maps for most without buying anything. 0 2 years ago Reply bitonw not very useful review as most all of them you NEED WiFi / 3G internet access... nice if you are on a limited data plan OR out in the Outback with NO 3G / WiFi internet access, sleep well. 0 2 years ago Reply eprisencc Well Google maps does do offline maps. If your on a provider like att or Verizon you will very rarely run into areas with no coverage. T-Mobile and Sprint . . . not so much. I also have navigon when I do need offline access which is like never. 0 2 years ago Reply monstermeme i have tried many of the apps you mentioned (google and apple extensively) and i can tell you that navigon turn by turn is much better than those at providing voice notice and details when traveling in unafmiliar. With Google and Apple you have to constantly look at the map to confirm directions which is a safety concern. In US i generally use the apple maps due to integration to iOS, but everywhere else i use Navigon. 0 3 days ago Reply Speedy McCauley Tom Tom TomTom U.S.A. by TomTom https://appsto.re/us/Y_IDu.i 0 2 years ago Reply GolpherZX Waze is by far the best for me in areas with multiple paths. It automatically re-routes you with a faster route (where as Google you have to actually see the turn options and select it). Google is getting its data from Waze now, so using the actual source is the way to go. Waze is by far the best route navigation option. If I'm in a totally new to me neighborhood I'm using Google Maps because of the Lane Assist. 0 2 years ago Reply Nicholas Kathrein Google maps updates you now as traffic conditions change. Just about a month ago it beeped an alert that I could take another route and save 45 min. There was a traffic jam ahead. I hit said ok and it re routed on the fly while I was going 65 on the tollway. 0 2 years ago Reply Dev from tipb Another plus for Google Maps: the lane guidance can be extremely useful, especially in areas with high traffic. 0 2 years ago Reply Iphonejackson I've found waze to be the best for me. It's in desperate need of an iPhone 6/6+ update, but it does tell me where cop cars have been reported. :) 0 2 years ago Reply Frank Cavaliero I have been using Navigon since its inception on iOS and it is a full feature rock solid GPS app. Maps are installed onto the device instead of using data , for remote driving where Cell service is sketchy its incredibly useful. Lane assistance, traffic conditions and well spoken prompts make Navigon a great GPS app. 3 2 years ago Reply benjitek +1 for Navigon -- I've tried others, but Navigon has been the most reliable, always gets me where I need to go. Lots of power under-the-hood with an UI that makes it easy to tap into. 1 2 years ago Reply northstahr I agree. Navigon is great! 1 2 years ago Reply uahero +1 for Navigon. Have Europe edition so download needed map only when go to selected country so do not need to keep all in the memory like TomTom. Works great, very reliable! Tested in SWE, FRA, ITA, SPA, GER so far 1 2 years ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Google Fiber downsizing again, says it's still coming to Huntsville Google Fiber logo.jpg This Google Fiber illustration shows a fiber optic cable, which consists of smaller glass filament cables that can send information at light speeds. (File) Print Email Lee Roop | lroop@al.com By Lee Roop | lroop@al.com The Huntsville Times Email the author | Follow on Twitter on February 15, 2017 at 3:39 PM, updated February 15, 2017 at 3:40 PM comments Google Fiber is losing hundreds of employees, according to press reports, but it still plans to bring its Gigabit Internet service to Huntsville. Google Access, the part of the larger Google empire that oversees fiber, is moving hundreds of fiber employees to other jobs, the website Business Insider reports. The report says no employees will be laid off, but they will be moved to divisions that are growing such as cloud and hardware. Earlier reports said Google wouldn't expand to several cities as originally planned, and there has been speculation that Alphabet, the Google parent company, will sell the fiber division. Business Insider discounted the sale reports on Wednesday. "Google Fiber is committed to Huntsville. Once the Huntsville Utilities fiber network is built we intend to bring Google Fiber to Huntsville as planned," a spokeswoman said Wednesday. "We can't wait to share Google Fiber with the Rocket City." Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
image/svg+xml MAGAZINE EVENTS PAPERS TOPICS GOVTECH 100 SEARCH Hardware and Software Battle of the Bots: Will One Prevail as the Top Virtual Assistant? While experts predict a handful of firms will dominate in this field, they’re split on whether consumers will be served best by one bot or many. by Ethan Baron, The Mercury News / February 15, 2017 0 (TNS) -- SAN JOSE, Calif. — It’s no wonder titans of tech are locked in an epic battle of the bots, racing furiously to produce the best virtual assistant.  Their respective help-bots — Apple’s Siri, Google’s Assistant, Amazon’s Alexa and Microsoft’s Cortana — promise consumers one of the most valuable commodities in the world: free time. Thanks to the sudden acceleration of artificial intelligence and advancements in speech recognition and big-data storage, the technology behind virtual assistants is rapidly spreading from phones to cars and homes, and the truly useful helper is approaching fast. The four giants are fighting for the biggest share of a market expected to grow to $12 billion by 2024. RELATEDHow Twitter Bots Affected the U.S. Presidential CampaignFighting Online Trolls with BotsMeet Zo: Microsoft Introduces New Chatbot “There’s a tremendous amount of promise for these agents to help and assist with many different tasks that we face every day,” said Ross Rubin, principal analyst at Reticle Research. “The more the agent can help you with, the more value it holds.” The ultimate goal is our own personal genie in a bottle that awakens with a word or touch to liberate us from all our mundane tasks, organize our days and nights, and free us from the stress of lives that have become so terribly busy. But that’s not going to happen quite yet. Today, the aid these virtual assistants provide remains limited. Most users of Google Home and Amazon Echo devices — which host Assistant and Alexa, respectively — stream music, play audio books, and control smart-home devices, according to surveys by San Francisco analytics firm VoiceLabs. Still, the virtual agent’s foundation in AI means the more it learns about a user’s preferences and behaviors, the better job it can do. So while experts predict a handful of firms will dominate in this field — most agree Apple, Google and Amazon will be major players, with Microsoft in a lesser role — they’re split on whether consumers will be served best by one bot, or more. “People want one assistant, they don’t want two,” said Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research in San Jose. “You want one assistant, to be very readily available wherever you are.” However, the various assistants will likely end up somewhat specialized in their expertise, with Google’s Assistant, for example, excelling in providing knowledge and managing schedules, and Microsoft’s Cortana leading on gaming, said VoiceLabs CEO Adam Marchick. In a few years, many people will use two or three different assistants, Marchick predicted. The industry stands at a critical moment, because the first highly effective help-bot to get a foothold in a consumer’s home, phone or car will likely stay, creating a barrier to competitors, Marchick said. In order for a virtual helpmate to run your life, it needs to engage with the providers of all the services you rely on, from your calendar app to your Uber ride. Those providers must either partner with the company operating the assistant, or design their app to integrate with the assistant. So Spotify will stream music upon request via Alexa, and Honeywell’s smart-home thermostat, via Assistant, will bump up the temperature 15 minutes before Grandma’s expected arrival. For providers, “if there is a competitive advantage to be gained, then absolutely they will do it,” said Brett Sappington, senior director of research at market research firm Parks Associates. For all the major players, virtual assistants provide important data that fuels the AI that powers and improves them, making both the assistants and the products they live in ever more marketable. For Amazon, Alexa is an enthusiastic purchasing agent for the e-commerce that drives the firm. For Google, Assistant is a turbocharged vacuum for the data the company collects to sell ads targeted directly at users. Underlying the projected expansion of virtual assistants is the “voice first” approach to personal technology, said Brian Roemmele, a Los Angeles tech entrepreneur and expert in voice computing. Voice operation keeps hands free and it’s faster, he noted, because speaking conveys information more quickly than typing. So far, both Google and Amazon have focused largely on home-based assistants. Google’s new Pixel phones host Assistant, but it has an uphill battle because Apple has far more phones equipped with Siri on the market, said Tim Bajarin, an analyst with San Jose market research firm Creative Strategies. The popularity of Amazon’s Echo and Alexa notwithstanding — the company has sold more than 8 million Echo devices since rolling them out in late 2014, according to Consumer Intelligence Research Partners — most people want their virtual assistant on their phones, Bajarin said. “When you’re driving, that’s critical, or if your hands are busy,” Bajarin said. “The phone will continue to dominate as the vehicle for delivering the virtual assistant.” Putting these robo-helpers into cars’ onboard systems has become a priority for major firms, including Microsoft, which seeks to extend the reach of its PC-based Cortana through the “connected-vehicle” platform it announced this year. In January, Nissan announced it would integrate Microsoft’s platform into its cars. Siri already can be used in a car via a phone or Apple’s CarPlay system, or in cars sold with Siri integration built in. Hyundai is bringing Alexa and Google’s Assistant into some of its cars so, for example, an owner could start their car from their living room. While building the supreme help-bot is clearly a priority for many major tech firms, experts say the software today lacks the knowledge base to take the next big leap: to enable virtual assistants that can predict our needs to serve us better. “Some of it is just raw amounts of data and understanding about how the world works and what humans expect,” Reticle’s Rubin said. Which companies rise to dominance depends both on the capability of their bots and the draw of the gadgets that house them. “The story has not been written on what success is going to be in this space,” Sappington said. ©2017 The Mercury News (San Jose, Calif.) Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. RELATED How Twitter Bots Affected the U.S. Presidential Campaign Fighting Online Trolls with Bots Meet Zo: Microsoft Introduces New Chatbot 0 COMMENTS MORE FROM Hardware and Software Innovation in Government Select a state:   Assess Your eGovernment Program Answer 10 questions to take stock of your eGovernment Program and get personalized recommendations.   Compare the 50 States’ Online Offerings See how your state's features and online services rank with other states.     Featured Resources You may also like How Twitter Bots Affected the U.S. Presidential Campaign MAGAZINE Government Technology January/February 2017 Read now Subscribe NEWSLETTER Scan the day’s headlines, as well as original and breaking technology news for state and local government readers. Subscribe PAPER Key Elements to Successful High Volume Distributed Card Issuance Download © 2017 All rights reserved. e.Republic ABOUT PRIVACY CONTACT ADVERTISE OUR NETWORK CENTER FOR DIGITAL EDUCATION CENTER FOR DIGITAL GOVERNMENT DIGITAL COMMUNITIES EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT FUTURESTRUCTURE PUBLIC CIO INNOVATION NATION LATEST ISSUE SUBSCRIBE
printed February 16, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18748 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Forums Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Google Search Now Offers 'Fun Facts' for Entertainment Purposes Article Comments   Yesterday, 1:32 PM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Google today made Google Search more entertaining to use with the addition of fun facts. The feature is starting small. Users can type in queries such as "hippo fun facts" and Google Search will display a unique and interesting fact about hippos that may not be well known (apparently hippos can hold their breath for up to five minutes.) What to know more? Refresh the search and Google will display a second fun fact about the search subject. Standard, in-depth results will still be listed below the fun facts, which appear at the top of the results page. Google suggests people stick with fun facts about animals, plants, fruits, and vegetables for now. more info at Google » Related Google news AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 2 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Canon expands its mirrorless lineup with the EOS M6 Canon's latest DSLRs are the EOS 77D and Rebel T7i Caavo hopes to be the one box to rule your home theater Latest in Gear LG explains why the G6 has a big 'FullVision' display 3h ago View Analyst rumor: iPhone 8 'function area' to replace home button 4h ago View BlackBerry's share of the smartphone market is virtually zero 5h ago View Republicans hope to overturn internet privacy rules 8h ago View Image credit: save Save share Amazon Echo and Google Home want to be your new house phone Several privacy and technical concerns need to be addressed before that can happen. Derrick Rossignol, @drossignol10 12h ago in Gadgetry Comments 464 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Right now, you can order a pizza, manage your to-do list and call an Uber on Amazon Echo and Google Home. The latest development from the smart speakers would give us yet another reason to leave our phones in our pocket. The Wall Street Journal reports that Amazon and Google are considering adding telephone functionality to their devices, but it won't be easy. Citing "people familiar with the matter," the Journal says Amazon and Google could introduce the ability to make and receive calls on their respective platforms later this year. The companies could make use of their existing communication platforms, since Amazon already has the business-focused videoconferencing tool Chime. Meanwhile, Google has Hangouts, Duo, and it recently recommitted to maintaining Google Voice. Incorporating existing VoIP services like Skype and Vonage into their devices may be another way to go. Echo and Home could also have their own phone numbers, or the option to sync an existing number and contacts list. One of the most significant roadblocks Amazon and Google face in turning their devices into home phones is privacy concerns. As the Journal notes, the Echo and Home's always-on microphones continuously record audio, locally saving a few seconds at a time, to monitor for activation commands like "Alexa" and "Hey Google." Law enforcement in Arkansas has already requested access to this data to help with a murder investigation, which raises serious privacy questions about connected home devices. Amazon's phone feature would only record call metadata, like phone numbers and call durations, while the Journal's sources aren't sure what data Google would keep. The use of voice commands raises other problems. For instance, users might accidentally end a phone call by saying the hang up command in conversation. It could also be hard to move a call from the speakers to your phone, since the Echo and Home don't have many physical inputs. The inability to make emergency calls is also a potential issue, since most VoIP services don't allow users to make 911 calls. The Wall Street Journal's sources call phone capabilities "the logical next step for the artificial intelligence-powered speakers," and they may be right. Still, it looks like there are substantial questions to address before Amazon and Google can set a firm release date on this new feature. Like other connected home technologies, there are real issues here that could scare off potential users interested in protecting their privacy. Source: The Wall Street Journal In this article: 911, alphabet, amazon, amazonecho, ArtificialIntelligence, gadgetry, gadgets, gear, google, googleduo, GoogleHome, home, HomePhone, InternetOfThings, IOT, phone, privacy, skype, speakers, VOIP, Vonage, WallStreetJournal 464 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 14m 14m ago in Business 'EverQuest' co-creator joins Amazon Games Studio in San Diego John Smedley will lead a team in AGS' new Southern California offices. By D. Lumb,  14m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Internet Reddit mixes up its front page with new 'r/Popular' subreddit Hopefully, posts from outsider communities will more easily rise to the top. By D. Lumb,  1h ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in Art Pixar opens a free Khan Academy course on storytelling It's the latest installment in a series of free courses from the studio. By M. Moon,  2h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Mobile LG explains why the G6 has a big 'FullVision' display Spoiler: It's for multitasking. By R. Lawler,  3h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Mobile Analyst rumor: iPhone 8 'function area' to replace home button Its 5.8-inch OLED screen is said to have a usable display of about 5.15-inches. By R. Lawler,  4h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
The Dalles Chronicle Jump to content 34° News Gorge Local Special sections Contact us E-edition Facebook Twitter Sign in Follow: Home News Local World National Pacific Northwest Newsbank Archives Historical Archive Public notices Sports School League Recreation Gorge Life Events Business Entertainment Outdoors Faith Opinion Letters Editorials Commentary Milestones Obituaries Births Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Events Today Submit events Classifieds Search ads Place ad Classifieds login Cars Homes Jobs E-edition Upvote 0 Library offers ‘hotspots’ Google grant helps bridge digital divide Dave Karlson, left, site leader for Google in The Dalles, holds up a wi-fi hotspot device now available for checkout at The Dalles Wasco County Library as Darcy Nothnagle, Google’s head of external affairs, Northwest Region, answers questions during the program’s rollout Tuesday afternoon in The Dalles. Photo by Mark Gibson. By Mark Gibson As of Wednesday, February 15, 2017 Sign in to favorite this Discuss Comment, Blog about Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Photo by Mark Gibson The mobile hotspot device is smaller than a cell phone and can connect to the web wherever there is cellular access. Patrons of The Dalles Wasco County Library can now check out mobile wi-fi “hotspots,” cellular-based units that allow the user to connect to the internet for free. The program is the first of its kind in Oregon. The lending program, which includes 45 devices in The Dalles and five in Maupin, was funded by a grant of approximately $33,000 from Google. The devices can be checked out for three-week periods, and renewed if additional units remain available for other patrons. A wi-fi hotspot is a device you can use to connect a mobile-enabled device, such as a laptop, smartphone or tablet, to the internet. The hotspot is portable, needing only to be in range of a cellular tower. A limited number of laptop computers will also be available for checkout. “Google has bestowed a unique opportunity for learning on the library and the students of The Dalles,” said Mayor Steve Lawrence during a ceremony Tuesday afternoon at the library. “Libraries are where people come to learn.” Household income is one of the major factors that hinder people from accessing the internet, said Dave Karlson, site leader for Google in The Dalles. “This will help close that digital divide,” he said. “Having internet access isn’t just a luxury these days, it’s a necessity for school assignments, applying for jobs, and staying connected with the world,” said Darcy Nothnagle, Google’s head of external affairs, Northwest Region. “We hope this program will provide greater access and greater opportunity for the entire community.” Google and the library hope this program will not only help increase access, but also critical digital literacy skills. Over the last two years, Google has contributed approximately $200,000 in funding through several different grants for technology enhancements at the library, including upgrades to library computers, enhanced wi-fi and in support of Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) programs. In 2015, Google also provided an $87,880 grant for the Maupin Broadband Project to assist in bringing high speed broadband to the Maupin Community and establishing free public wi-fi at Maupin’s Riverfront Park and the Maupin Branch of the Wasco County Library District. That grant also connected the branch library to the main library in The Dalles and provides free internet on library computers. “We’re excited to partner with Google to provide this new wi-fi hotspot program to our local patrons,” said Jeff Wavrunek, district librarian. “Google’s support has been key to enhancing our ability to assist patrons through technology and programs.” Similar programs exist in New York, Chicago, Seattle and elsewhere. “We’re pretty tiny, we’re extremely happy we can do this,” said Wavrunek. “Google has been very supportive of the library.” The hotpot comes in a zipped case, and can provide internet wi-fi for three or more computers. Each unit is password protected. Checkout time is three weeks, the same as most books, and the unit can be renewed if additional units are still available. Sarajane Vemeister, director of financial aid for Columbia Gorge Community College, said the availability of WiFi for checkout would be a real boon for some of her students. “When I first heard about this, I was stoked. This will let so many people be more independent,” she said. The school has a high percentage of students receiving Pell grants, which means they are below the federal poverty guideline. “Many of them struggle to get internet access,” she said. Jennifer Heredia of Oregon Child Development Center (OCDC) in The Dalles, which works with migrant and seasonal workers, was also enthusiastic. “This is perfect for us,” she said. The center has many internet-based services and programs, but many of their clients do not have internet in their home, she said. The hotspots have instructions in both English and Spanish, she pointed out. “This gives everyone access,” she said. More like this story City expands wi-fi area Google invests in The Dalles wi-fi expansion Google funds Wi-Fi City wi-fi service expands Wi-fi expansion will add parks, museum Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Sign in to comment Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email > 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Hot Jobs View all listings Accounting Specialist - Full Time ADULT CORRECTIONS TECHNICIAN ADULT CORRECTIONS DEPUTY ASSISTANT Educational SCHOOL BUS DRIVER: Secretary III UTILITY ASSISTANT WILDLAND FIREFIGHTER CMA/LPN CNA FULL TIME RN OR Vets Home Logo News from our Community Partners ﻿ Contact/Submit: Subscribe / Staff list / News Tip / Letter to the Editor / Birth Announcement / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Eagle Newspapers, Inc. All rights reserved. CLOSE X Information from the Chronicle and our advertisers (Want to add your business to this to this feed?)
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 LG G6 Galaxy S8 Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google Search now gives you fun facts, unfortunately doesn’t work too well Newsby Brian Reigh13 hours ago 1 164 6 Google announced today that Google Search will now be able to give you fun facts about pretty much anything, ranging from dogs to cucumbers. So I tried it and the results were a bit disappointing. See also: You can now book an Ola or Uber ride directly from Google Search in India October 19, 2016 It’s true that Google Search has come a long way: what started out as a search engine running on the Stanford University servers can now give you all sorts of information, ranging from recipes to where your nearest polling station is. Well, the company has decided to add more fun to it by making it much easier to find random facts and trivia. For instance, did you know that a cat can’t chew big pieces of food because their jaw can’t move sideways? Or that dogs have three eyelids to help protect and keep their eyes from drying out? And for all the veggie-lovers out there, did you know that the inner temperature of a cucumber can be up to 20 degrees cooler than the outside air? According to Google, these are some of the fun facts that you can get on Google Search, and apparently, if you refresh the page, Google will come up with another random fun fact for you. So I gave it a try, and some very simple ones do work, but others, not so much. Phrases that Google uses as examples like “Dogs fun facts” or “Cucumber fun facts” do work well. At the top of the page, you will see a Google card with a random fact, which will change when you refresh the page. However, when I tried things like “Android fun facts,” “Google fun facts,” or “Harry Potter fun facts,” it simply gave me a preview of a select website and did not change even when I refreshed the page. It looks like your query has to be pretty general for this to work. While “Cats fun facts” works, “British shorthair fun facts” does not. It looks like your query has to be pretty general for this to work. For example, while “Cats fun facts” works perfectly, “British shorthair fun facts” does not. Although I’m not sure if this will make you the “reigning champ at trivia” as Google claims, it certainly is a fun addition to your search experience. News Google, Google Search Google, Google Search  Google Brian Reigh Brian Reigh is a contributor at Android Authority, covering all Android-related news. He has always been passionate about technology, especially mobile technology. He is currently a student at Dartmouth College in Hanover, NH. Show 1 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago57 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News HTC One A9 gets Android Nougat update on Sprint 48 minutes ago Here’s a look at the Huawei P10 in blue, gold and green 2 hours ago Google Phone 8.0 adds voicemail sharing and minor visual tweaks 2 hours ago Huawei may add to the already crowded field of voice-based digital assistants 6 hours ago LG G6 will have new UX for its 18:9 display, camera to have Square and Food m... 7 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
< WRAL.com WRAL Tech Wire Processing, Please wait. You are about to be taken to our payment provider site to update your account information, Continue? Yes No Life Sciences VC & Funding Startups Mobile & Broadband Employment Analysis Insider Benefits Updated Feb. 15, 2017 at 4:06 p.m. Google Fiber: 'Here to stay in Triangle' as changes sweep company Published: 2017-02-15 15:56:00 Updated: 2017-02-15 16:06:19 Post a comment Print this blog postE-mail blog post Google Fiber Image 1 of 2 · Next Image… Related Blog Posts Google Fiber halts expansion but 'work will continue' in Triangle, Charlotte Google Fiber expands to North Hills, opening service center in Raleigh Google Fiber expanding high-speed Webpass Internet service Cost of progress: Gas, water lines cut, holes left behind in fiber installation 'One tap:' Google updates its Fiber TV App By RICK SMITH, WRAL TechWire Editor Tags: Broadband, Fiber, Internet, Google Research Triangle Park, N.C. — Google Fiber is reaching out to assure Triangle customers - and potential ones - that the company is "here to stay in the Triangle." GF issued the statement Wednesday afternoon following a report of major changes within the company. It's the second time in recent months that GF has reaffirmed its commitment to the Triangle. The first statement came last October. "Google Fiber is here to stay in the Triangle," a GF spokesperson said in an email to WRAL TechWire. ."We have many happy customers in Morrisville, and earlier this month we laid down roots in Raleigh with our new Fiber Space and announced that customers in the North Hills, midtown area can sign up for Google Fiber." Earlier in the afternoon, Business Insider broke the news that Google Access (parent of Google Fiber) had named a new top executive and that "hundreds" of employees were being shifted to positions "within Google itself." The new exec is Gregory McCray, who recently joined Alphabet (Google's parent) after serving as CEO of Aereo communications. "There will not be any layoffs related to the move," Business Insider added. "Employees will be placed in Google positions related to the company's key growth areas such as cloud, YouTube, and hardware." McCray also is a board member of CenturyLink, a telecommunications firm with some operations in North Carolina. Business Insider cited CenturyLink as a potential buyer of Google Fiber if Google decided to sell the operation. GF recently expanded its Triangle network to North Hills in Raleigh. The company said it was pausing expansion of its network with the exception of the Triangle and a few other markets last October. GF also recently opened a customer service center in Raleigh. WRAL TechWire any time: Twitter, FacebookCopyright 2017 WRAL TechWire. All rights reserved. The Skinny WRAL TechWire Publisher and Editor Rick Smith dishes out tidbits from the local technology sector. Read more articles…         Please Log In to add a comment. Latest for Insiders    In-flight internet provider SmartSky raises $66M   IBM's top exec defends Trump role in letter to employees   QuintilesIMs reports $178M loss in first post-merger quarter    Netflix: Nearly half couples cheat - but it's not what you think Latest Tech News Google Fiber: 'Here to stay in Triangle' as changes sweep company Duke inventors' kitchen safety recipe: Internet of Things stove control, app raises $175K Yahoo issues new warning of potential email account breach Hot Off The Wire Staying up with WTW on social media for 2017: Like, track, link to us Following WTW on social media for 2017: Like, track, link to us Where to find WTW on social media for 2017: Like, track, link to us Biotech & Life Science TechWire@15: NC took lead in 'cloud' with biogrid 'moonshot'  Inventors Hall of Fame selects NCSU professor for biosensor research Tech wrap: Buffet Apple play; Softbank latest buy; YouTube top star costly jokes; Alzheimer drug failure Venture & Innovation Investor Scot Wingo takes over as CEO of Spiffy in $5M round American Underground picks 6 startups for retail-focused incubator program A witness to amazing RDU growth: Jammed LA-to-RDU Sunday night flight CONNECT  Follow Us on Twitter  Like Us on Facebook  Follow Us on LinkedIn Rick Smith WRAL TechWire Editor The Skinny Google Fiber: 'Here to stay in Triangle' as changes sweep company Duke inventors' kitchen safety recipe: Internet of Things stove control, app raises $175K A witness to amazing RDU growth: Jammed LA-to-RDU Sunday night flight IBM's top exec defends Trump role in letter to employees  Inside Offline's big deal with McClatchy: What's next for Raleigh startup, how deal was made  Startup Offline Media lands McClatchy as investor John Kane's vision for Research Triangle Regional Partnership: Marketing, branding RIoT group spreading wings with events beyond NC Google Fiber expands to North Hills, opening service center in Raleigh  As fiber expansion continues AT&T gears up for ultra-fast AirGig trials Trending Apple AT&T Biotech Broadband Duke E-commerce Economic development Employment Fiber Google IBM Internet Layoffs Lenovo Local Firms Opinion Analysis PC industry Startups Telecommunications and Wireless Venture STEM News  Two upcoming events focus on STEMpreneurs  When toy shopping, remember how they can spark genius  Planet Fitness franchise operator bringing 3 STEM campuses to Triangle Copyright © 2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. FAQ Story Archive Contact Us Advertise With Us RSS Feed AdChoices Privacy Policy Terms of Use Valid XHTML 1.0   CSS Load Check
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Google Fiber Sheds Workers As It Looks to a Wireless Future subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours 🎥 Photographer Guy Martin, travelled to Veles, Macedonia to dig into the heart of the fake news scandal.… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: George Frey/Reuters Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Klint Finley. Klint Finley Business Date of Publication: 02.15.17. 02.15.17 Time of Publication: 3:25 pm. 3:25 pm Google Fiber Sheds Workers As It Looks to a Wireless Future George Frey/Reuters Google Fiber is getting a lot smaller. Alphabet is sending hundreds of employees at Access—the division that runs the high-speed internet service—to work at other parts of the company, an Access spokeswoman says. It’s not the end of Fiber, not exactly. But the slimming-down likely signals a future for Alphabet’s broadband ambitions that involves less fiber. Google first announced Fiber in 2010 with a widely publicized contest to see which city the company would first grace with its ultra-fast service. Since then, Fiber has spread to several US cities and metropolitan areas. But Access said in October that it was curtailing plans to expand to new locations, and Alphabet has clearly lost faith in the idea of running fiber optic cables right into people’s homes, at least in the traditional way. Instead, Access has hired a new CEO, tech and broadband veteran Greg McCray, to figure out new ways to bring faster—and presumably cheaper—high-speed internet access to the rest of the country. Those plans may not include much fiber from Google at all. Related Stories Issie Lapowsky Millions Need the Broadband Program the FCC Just Put on Hold Klint Finley Google Fiber Just Swallowed Up Another Internet Provider Cade Metz Google’s Webpass Buy Points the Way to a Speedier Internet for Everyone Access’ restructuring won’t affect the places where Google Fiber is already available—new customers can still sign up, and the company is still pushing forward with plans to offer Fiber in Nashville, Louisville, and San Antonio. And it’s possible the company could one day resume efforts to bring actual fiber into homes if it can figure out a way that costs a lot less money. (The company has been experimenting with a process called microtrenching.) But for now, the future of high-speed internet from Google looks decidedly wireless. The problem with rolling out a new, high-speed internet service the traditional cables-in-the-ground way is that even though many cities already have plenty of fiber optic pipe buried beneath their streets, it’s still hellishly expensive to connect those pipes to customers’ homes. Last year, however, Access bought Webpass, a company that beams high-speed broadband via networks of small antennas. That approach might enable Google Fiber to deliver service to individual customers by tapping into existing fiber optic infrastructure without having to string new cables along utility poles or dig up people’s yards. Last October, just as the Webpass acquisition was closing, Access petitioned the Federal Trade Commission to open up more of the wireless spectrum that Webpass uses, which could enable Fiber to expand wirelessly much more quickly. Meanwhile, Fiber is already experimenting with new wireless technologies in Kansas City and looks set to expand those experiments to other cities as well. For now, the future of high-speed internet from Google looks decidedly wireless. Eventually Google Fiber could offer even more radical wireless technologies. For example, Webpass has tested technology from Artemis Networks, a startup building a new type of wireless service that can “follow” users from place to place and guarantee a certain amount of bandwidth. Developing those sorts of technologies is a radical departure from building a network that provides actual fiber to homes, and requires a different type of workforce. In a letter to employees about the transition, Alphabet CEO Larry Page said the leaner Access will largely work in the field, not from the company’s headquarters in Mountain View. A more wireless future for Fiber still comes with risks. More traditional telcos are also eyeing high-speed wireless internet as a way to bypass more expensive traditional broadband. In the meantime, Alphabet is still trying to figure out how to be a company that provides internet at all. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Alphabet Broadband Google Fiber Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular The Macedonian Teens Who Mastered Fake News media The Macedonian Teens Who Mastered Fake News Samanth Subramanian Spanner, the Google Database That Mastered Time, Is Now Open to Everyone Cloud Computing Spanner, the Google Database That Mastered Time, Is Now Open to Everyone Cade Metz Diehard Coders Just Rescued NASA’s Earth Science Data Climate Science Diehard Coders Just Rescued NASA’s Earth Science Data Megan Molteni How The New York Times Is Clawing Its Way Into the Future media How The New York Times Is Clawing Its Way Into the Future Gabriel Snyder The Nerdy Charm of Artisanal, Hand-Drawn Infographics Data Visualization The Nerdy Charm of Artisanal, Hand-Drawn Infographics Liz Stinson A Guide to Getting Past Customs With Your Digital Privacy Intact Security A Guide to Getting Past Customs With Your Digital Privacy Intact Andy Greenberg Google Fiber Sheds Workers As It Looks to a Wireless Future Broadband Google Fiber Sheds Workers As It Looks to a Wireless Future Klint Finley Encryption Apps Help White House Staffers Leak—and Maybe Break the Law encryption Encryption Apps Help White House Staffers Leak—and Maybe Break the Law Lily Hay Newman More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business media Inside Blavity, the Startup on a Quest to Be the News Source for Black Millennials Carl Brooks Jr. media The Macedonian Teens Who Mastered Fake News Samanth Subramanian media Journalism Fights for Survival in the Post-Truth Era Cloud Computing Spanner, the Google Database That Mastered Time, Is Now Open to Everyone Cade Metz Digital Divide Millions Need the Broadband Program the FCC Just Put on Hold Issie Lapowsky disasters A Wet Winter Is Overwhelming California’s Ancient Infrastructure Nick Stockton We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours 🎥 Photographer Guy Martin, travelled to Veles, Macedonia to dig into the heart of the fake news scandal.… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours 🎥 Photographer Guy Martin, travelled to Veles, Macedonia to dig into the heart of the fake news scandal.… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Future of Work How software is eating the banking industry Ari Levy | @levynews 12 Hours Ago SHARES Ethan Bloch was in junior high school in Baltimore during the dot-com boom. For his bar mitzvah — the ceremony that welcomes 13-year-old Jewish boys into adulthood — Bloch received $7,000 in cash. It was 1998 and, like so many amateur traders at the time, he plunged his wealth into the stock market, mostly software and telecommunication names like Lucent and Nortel. He quickly tripled his money. By age 15, it was all gone. "This knocked me over the head and left a burning curiosity that I still carry today," said Bloch, now 31, from the San Francisco headquarters of his financial-tech start-up Digit. "I realized I didn't know s--- about how any of this was working." Now Bloch is playing into another trend that's taking over Silicon Valley: Machine learning. Using the combination of massive data sets, exploding compute capacity in the cloud and a host of analytics tools, entrepreneurs are training computers to make increasingly sophisticated decisions. Eventually, the experts say, we'll land at true artificial intelligence, where computers are smart enough to train computers. And it's going to upend the traditional banking industry. Helping consumers with their finances It's hardly a straight line from the dot-bomb blunder to Bloch's new gig developing an automated savings tool for millennials. But Bloch says he's been obsessed with finance for almost two decades, even while running his first software start-up Flowtown, a social media marketing platform. Bloch sold Flowdown to Demandforce for a few million bucks in 2011. The following year, having banked enough cash to follow his passion, Bloch set out on a mission to improve consumers' financial health. The tagline on his website is, "Save money, without thinking about it." The company is initially targeting younger consumers, who've grown up in an era dominated by smartphones and a loathing for brick-and-mortar banks. show chapters These five industries are being revolutionized by AI    14 Hours Ago | 02:23 Digit's software plugs into a user's checking account, analyzing expenses and income and determining how much money could be stashed away without the customer feeling it. Based on the personalized algorithm, Digit puts a few bucks or so a week into a savings account, notifying users with a simple text to help them pay off college or credit card debt or prepare for a wedding. It also serves up reminders to eliminate late fees and recently launched a notification bot on Facebook Messenger. Digit says that it's saved more than $350 million for its customers. That includes people like Jenn Chen, a former community manager at a San Francisco software company who's now in between jobs. Chen has saved close to $16,000 over the past three years using Digit, money that would have otherwise remained in her checking account and more than likely have been spent. "It started off small and as time went by, I started seeing different ways I could increase that amount and be OK," she said. The savings were of particular importance after a hit-and-run accident left her with a hefty out-of-pocket payment for hospital bills. The changing workforce According to Goldman Sachs, machine learning and AI will enable $34 billion to $43 billion in annual "cost savings and new revenue opportunities" within the financial sector by 2025, as institutions use technological advancements to maximize trading opportunities, reduce credit risk and lower compliance and regulatory costs. What that means for the labor force is a complicated equation. The banking sector contracted dramatically during last decade's financial crisis, with the failure of large institutions like Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers and Washington Mutual and mass layoffs elsewhere. Three of the four largest U.S. banks — Citigroup, Wells Fargo and Bank of America — have fewer employees than they did in 2008. Jobs most in jeopardy from here are those that lend themselves to automation. Bank tellers will see an 8 percent decline between 2014 and 2024, and the number of insurance underwriters will drop by 11 percent, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. On the flip side, financial firms are hiring software developers and data scientists, areas of employment growth. Arvind Purushotham, a managing director at Citigroup's venture investing arm, is backing start-ups in fraud detection and security whose technology can potentially be applied internally at the banking giant. While there's a shift in the skills required to meet the financial challenges of the future, the problems are still being solved by people. "We think of human-assisted AI and AI-assisted humans," said Purushotham, "There are some things that humans can do that software programs can't hope to catch up to in decades." Expanding the lending pool The problem Douglas Merrill is trying to tackle will require sophisticated machines. Merill, who spent five years as Google's chief information officer, is the founder and CEO of ZestFinance, a Los Angeles-based start-up that's out to end the predatory system of payday lending by building algorithms that can underwrite people with little to no credit history. (He's among a handful of ex-Googlers applying computer science to finance. Consumer lender Upstart was created by former Google executives and is led by Dave Girouard, who previously ran Google's enterprise business. PeerStreet, a marketplace that matches real estate with investors, was co-founded by Brett Crosby, a former product marketing director at Google.) Merrill, who has a Ph.D in cognitive science from Princeton University, lives and breathes this stuff. From his vantage point, true machine learning is almost entirely absent from the lending industry despite a rapid acceleration over the past half-decade in online banking and underwriting. Consumer lenders like LendingClub, Prosper and SoFi have built substantial Web-based businesses using technology, but they're still targeting borrowers with good, if not pristine, credit. Source: ZestFinance ZestFinance CEO Douglas Merrill. That approach does nothing for Americans who struggle to make ends meet and rely on cash advances from one of the country's 20,000 payday lenders that populate mostly low-income areas. ZestFinance is looking for non-traditional data — information that can't be found in credit files — to determine the types of behavior that can help predict whether someone will repay debt. It turns out that a prospective borrower who fills out an application in all capital letters is a greater-than-average credit risk. While mounds of data exist that would help in developing new credit models, much of it sits in places that are very difficult to reach. For example, finding out if a bank account is open can be "super challenging," Merrill said. "I didn't foresee how hard would be to get access to a large number of those third-party data streams," said Merrill, whose 100-person team includes more than 30 data science and machine learning experts. "To run a big data and machine learning shop you have to have big data and machine learning." This week, ZestFinance introduced the Zest Automated Machine Learning (ZAML) platform, opening up the technology to any bank, credit card issuer or auto finance company. Merrill is also testing his algorithms in perhaps the world's greatest ocean of messy data: China. Through partnerships with e-retailer JD.com and Internet search provider Baidu, ZestFinance is aiming to help create a system for lending to half a billion people who lack any credit history. "Lenders in China are beginning to use these advanced techniques that analyze non-traditional variables, whether search, shopping or other data, to form the backbone of a new credit infrastructure," Merrill wrote recently in Chinese business publication Boao Review. "The credit landscape in China is about to change drastically." show chapters Goldman's top tech banker on artificial intelligence    Wednesday, 19 Oct 2016 | 11:18 AM ET | 03:22 The revolution is coming, but slowly The data suggests human lenders in the U.S. are still safe, for the time being. According to the BLS, the number of loan officers will increase 8 percent annually through 2014. Since the election of Donald Trump, bank stocks have rallied as investors wager that a Republican-controlled government will ease regulations on big financial firms just as rising rates will help boost earnings. Shares of Citigroup, JPMorgan, Wells Fargo and Bank of America have each jumped more than 20 percent since Trump declared victory on Nov. 9. But as JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon wrote in his letter to shareholders in 2015, "Silicon Valley is coming." Here's one reason. Adyen, a 500-person payments start-up with offices in Amsterdam, San Francisco and 10 other cities, generates more than $1 million in revenue per employee. That looks more like Google than JPMorgan, which is around $400,000 per employee. Over the last two years, Adyen has been staffing up on data scientists to develop systems for preventing fraud. Adyen's customers range from Airbnb, Netflix and Spotify to easyJet and NH Hotels. When consumers sign up or make purchases on those apps, Adyen's software gets to work determining how much it can trust the buyer and whether another form of authentication is needed. It's a tricky formula. Asking for more information, be it the answer to a secret question or a code that's sent to a mobile phone, makes it more likely the consumer will drop off without completing the transaction. Minimizing fraud while maximizing so-called conversions is the goal, and it requires a personalized experience. Adyen's engine analyzes the shopper to figure out in real time if it's a regular customer and if the device, e-mail address and account information are familiar. A trusted buyer can go right through, but any red flags may mean more information is needed. Adyen Sam Halse, Adyen's chief operating officer, said clients see a 1.4 percent increase in revenue using the software. "That's a huge number on the bottom line, which was in the past simply lost revenue," Halse said. For Adyen, the algorithm keeps getting smarter, learning more about individual shoppers and broadly how fraudsters behave. Suranga Chandratillake, a partner at London-based venture firm Balderton Capital, said artificial intelligence in finance represents the next stage of human capital replacement. The first big one was the automatic-teller machine. Then came internet and mobile banking. Now, it's what Chandratillake calls "pseudo white-collar jobs," where machines are being trained to recognize patterns on forms like mortgage applications and insurance claims and to act with better accuracy in less time than people. "These are jobs that require human judgment but that are very repetitive," said Chandratillake. "To crack these you need a smart AI founder and team but you also need someone who has expertise in some weird niche like this and can see how to exploit it." Correction: A previous version of this story misspelled Jenn Chen's name. Ari LevySenior Tech Reporter To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
VISIT CNBC.COM VISIT CNBC.COM Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials SHOWS Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials All Shows Adventure Capitalists American Greed Billion Dollar Buyer Blue Collar Millionaires Cleveland Hustles Ground Zero Rising Jay Leno’s Garage Make Me a Millionaire Inventor The Celebrity Apprentice The New Celebrity Apprentice The Deed The Deed: Chicago The Filthy Rich Guide The Partner The Profit The Profit in Cuba Secret Lives of the Super Rich Shark Tank Undercover Boss West Texas Investors Club Full Episodes Live Store X Careers Careers A 7-year-old wrote a letter to Google asking for a job—here's how the CEO responded Kathleen Elkins | @kathleen_elk 13 Hours Ago CNBC.com show chapters This 7-year-old wrote to Google asking for a job — the CEO responded    10 Hours Ago | 00:56 SHARES Don't ask, don't get, right? On that principle, seven-year-old Chloe Bridgewater, who lives in Hereford, UK, wrote a letter to Google asking for a job. "After seeing images of Google offices with their bean bags, go-karts and slides my 7-year-old daughter decided to write to Google to see if they would give her a job," Andy Bridgewater writes on LinkedIn. Bridgewater provided CNBC with the original letter, addressed to "google boss": Like a skilled job seeker, Chloe discusses her own qualifications ("I like computers") and explains why she believes she would be a good fit for the company. She even provides references: "My teachers tell my mum and dad that I am very good in class and am good at my spelling, reading, and my sums." She also mentions that this is not only her first application but virtually her first letter: "I have only ever sent one other and that was to Father Christmas." Courtesy of Andy Bridgewater 7-year-old Chloe Bridgewater's letter to Google impressed CEO Sundar Pichai The letter caught the eye of Google's CEO Sundar Pichai, who wrote back with encouragement: "I think if you keep working hard and following your dreams, you can accomplish everything you set your mind to — from working at Google to swimming in the Olympics. "I look forward to receiving your job application when you are finished with school!" Here's Pichai's full note: Courtesy of Andy Bridgewater A Google spokesperson confirmed to CNBC that the letter is, in fact, the real deal. show chapters Kickstart your new year with this visual trick    Monday, 19 Dec 2016 | 2:48 PM ET | 01:04 Kathleen ElkinsWriter, Make It Primetime Shows Watch full episodes | TV schedule To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Search for: About DCK Data Center World Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Companies White Papers Regions Infrastructure Design Power Cooling Green Modular Data Centers DCIM InfoCenter Servers Downtime Networking Sectors Cloud Computing Big Data Bitcoin Executive Government Supercomputing / HPC Managed Hosting Colocation Storage DCIM InfoCenter Webcasts Industry Perspectives Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles Data Centers Scrambling to Fill IT Skills Gap Data Center Market Kicks Off 2017 With Flood of Acquisitions Google Ramped Up Data Center Spend in 2016 A Cloud for the Artificial Mind: This Data Center is Designed for Deep Learning QTS Buys Large Dallas Data Center from Insurer HCSC Previous Article Google Turns Its Secret-Sauce Database Spanner into Cloud Service Next Article LinkedIn Vacates Lots of Space at Equinix Data Centers Inside an Equinix data center in Silicon Valley (Photo: Equinix) Cloud Computing, Colocation, Connectivity, Equinix, Salesforce You Can Now Plug Directly Into Salesforce Servers at Equinix Data Centers by Yevgeniy Sverdlik  on February 15, 2017 Add Your Comments Tweet *Updated with examples of customers accessing cloud via Equinix facilities Equinix has added a new big name to the list of cloud providers accessible directly from its data centers. Its colocation customers can now buy private network links to Salesforce, getting direct public cloud connectivity while bypassing the public internet. After rounding out the list of cloud infrastructure giants accessible through such links – Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform, IBM SoftLayer, and Oracle Cloud – Equinix started pursuing similar partnerships with enterprise cloud software heavyweights. Last year, it secured Microsoft Office 365 and Google G Suite. Salesforce is a key addition to the list. It is one of the largest software-as-a-service providers and the largest customer relationship management (CRM) company. Equinix has been pursuing the partnership since at least 2015, when its then VP of innovation, Chris Sharp, told us the company was going after all the top SaaS players. The Salesforce cloud connectivity deal is likely to further Equinix’s recent efforts to bring more enterprise customers into its data centers. Most of its users have traditionally been service providers of various kinds. The colocation giant says these private links to public clouds are a quickly growing business; for enterprises with stringent security and compliance requirements they provide the advantages of using public cloud without the risk of connecting critical networks to the internet. There’s also a reliability and performance benefit, according to Equinix. Philips, for example, is connecting to AWS, Azure, and SoftLayer from multiple Equinix data center locations, the colocation company revealed in its fourth-quarter earnings report today. Another customer, Walmart, is connecting to Azure. Most major Equinix rivals in the colocation market – the likes of Digital Realty Trust, CoreSite, and QTS Realty – have introduced similar cloud connectivity services. Major carriers, such as Verizon, also sell private connectivity to public clouds, either from colocation data centers or from on-premise enterprise facilities. There are also several startups, such as Megaport and Console, who have software-defined network platforms that automate provisioning of network links to cloud and other service providers from many data centers around the world. Read more: Digital Realty Challenges Equinix With Cloud Connectivity Platform Equinix sells the links either as traditional cross-connects or through its Cloud Exchange platform, a software-defined networking fabric that allows for greater flexibility for those connecting to multiple cloud providers at once. There are currently more than 500 customers using the platform, an Equinix spokesperson wrote in an email. In addition to cross-connect revenue (Equinix charges $100 per month for a 1G cloud exchange port and $200 for a 10G one), the deals with cloud providers generate regular colocation revenue, as cloud providers grow their capacity inside its data centers to serve more and more customers, Scott Mills, director of business development at Equinix, said in an interview. Another benefit is in the ecosystem effect: as more enterprises come on board to take advantage of the private connectivity to cloud, the ecosystem becomes more valuable for other service providers. In addition to cloud companies, a myriad of carriers and managed service providers use Equinix, for whom those enterprises represent potential new customers. “As we add more and more enterprises, which are key targets for all of that community, the total value of the ecosystem continues to go up,” Mills said. For now, private connectivity to Salesforce is available at Equinix data centers in Silicon Valley, Northern Virginia, and Frankfurt. See also: Creating Your Enterprise Cloud Connectivity Strategy Previous Article Google Turns Its Secret-Sauce Database Spanner into Cloud Service Next Article LinkedIn Vacates Lots of Space at Equinix Data Centers Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Yevgeniy Sverdlik (1316 Posts) San Francisco-based business and technology journalist. Editor in chief at Data Center Knowledge, covering the global data center industry. Related Stories Cloud Computing Time Warner Pitches Direct Cloud Connectivity via Equinix Data Centers by Nicole Henderson on January 13, 2016 Equinix Cloud Exchange provides private links to cloud services by AWS, Azure, Rackspace, and others Read More Cloud Computing Equinix Becomes Data Center Gateway to Oracle Cloud by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on October 28, 2015 Oracle’s IaaS and PaaS clouds now accessible through Equinix Cloud Exchange Read More Cloud Computing Private Links to Office 365 Now Live at Equinix Data Centers by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on September 29, 2015 Private links to SaaS next frontier as colo giant carves out its place in enterprise cloud market Read More Asia-Pacific Telstra, Equinix to Link to Azure Data Centers in Australia by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on October 27, 2014 Lights up geographically distributed Azure zones in New South Wales and Victoria Read More Equinix Salesforce.com: 1,000 Servers at Equinix by Rich Miller on March 27, 2009 Salesforce.com (CRM) says it runs its entire operation on just 1,000 servers. What about its data centers? Salesforce has its gear in Equinix (EQIX) data centers on both coasts, with a Singapore location to come. Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM News Downtime HPC / Supercomputing Facebook Apple Microsoft Google Northern Virginia New York Silicon Valley North Carolina News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Virtualization Consolidation Open Compute Internet of Things Storage Convergence Disaster Recovery Managed Hosting Content Delivery Site Selection Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Google Cloud leader lays out ambitious plans for the enterprise Google Cloud leader lays out ambitious plans for the enterprise The head of Google’s enterprise business says the consumer giant has unique attributes in data management, analytics and machine learning that differentiate its cloud offerings. Matt Kapko (CIO (US)) 16 February, 2017 05:45 - - - - print email Comments The IT world is going through an unprecedented transformation that impacts how enterprises operate and leverage opportunities within mobile, data and the cloud, according to Diane Greene, senior vice president of Google Cloud. Greene has been leading Google’s enterprise business since late 2015, focusing much of her attention on reorganizing Google’s approach to the enterprise market and the big customers it wants to win over. “I’ve never seen the kind of growth that’s going on here,” she said this week during an appearance at the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference. Because of that, her biggest challenge is organizing and hiring for scale and she constantly has to declare just how serious Google is about becoming a force in the enterprise market. [ Related: Google cloud chief on tackling the enterprise ] Google says it was built for the enterprise While most of Google’s success comes from its consumer services and the advertising associated with those apps, Greene says Google was built to be a giant in the enterprise as well. “We have the cloud for the enterprise because the enterprise has to lean into data and that’s what Google was built for, so I feel very good about where we are and what we’re doing for people,” she said. “We’re highly reliable, we’re highly secure, we’re highly scalable and we have very good technical people to partner with companies, which is super valuable,” Greene said. “We’re kind of in the sweet spot of where customers are going and we’re seeing that confirmed over and over as we start working with more customers.” [ Related: Google upgrades G Suite with tools for IT pros ] Google has been inventing how to manage and quickly analyze massive amounts of data for 16 years, according to Greene. She also claims Google’s data centers operate more efficiently than its competitors and the company has built the most secure cloud on the planet. Google’s resources and expertise in machine learning are becoming a differentiating factor for Google’s efforts in the enterprise as well, Greene said. “Google’s been doing [machine learning] since before 2000… We arguably have the largest assemblage of machine learning experts,” she said. “A company that isn’t using machine learning is going to be, if not already, at a disadvantage.” Why enterprises are moving to the cloud Enterprises aren’t moving to the cloud just to save money, they’re also doing it to make their business more competitive, according to Greene. “A lot of people want to do machine learning, they want to do data analytics and they want to understand really how to stage their movement to the cloud,” she said. “The cloud is on everybody’s mind,” Greene said. “A lot of companies are dabbling in it but we are just at the very early stages of people moving [to the cloud].” [ Related: Google goes 'all-in' on enterprise cloud ] During 2017, Greene hopes to land more big customers who will showcase Google’s strengths in the enterprise cloud and encourage more businesses to make the move. “I hope that people will understand why we’re really the cloud for the next generation of enterprise and that won’t be a question in people's’ minds.” 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Google More about GoldmanGoogleTechnology Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Latest Jobs Digital Communications Manager NSW Group Director Information Services WA Senior Commercial & Contracts Manager NSW Project Manager - Enterprise ACT .Net Developer VIC Senior Solution Architect QLD Part Time - IT Service Desk Analyst VIC Senior Learning Specialist - Global Organisation QLD Java Developer - Fixed Term Contract QLD Business Analyst SA Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Big business faces new data breach notification laws Samsung Galaxy S8: What we know so far ​Microsoft: Windows users face 500m ransomware emails every quarter CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). CSO US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking What happens if your thermostat is hacked? Researchers name the top 7 security threats A.I. faces hype, skepticism at RSA cybersecurity show Bruce Schneier: Public-service technologists are needed to tame the IoT Yahoo warns users of account breaches related to recent attacks Computerworld South Australia aims to cut costs with CSC deal Regulated roaming ‘unambiguously bad’ for regional Australia, Telstra CEO says Digital and data drive earnings at Origin Energy Telstra registers profit drop in first half Microsoft quietly prolongs life of original Windows 10 ARN CSC wins landmark South Australian Government IT outsourcing deal New partners join Federal Govt's cloud services panel Digital growth drives $70M revenue for RXP Services “Intense” competition impacts Telstra’s financials Melbourne IT forks out for $67M Outware acquisition Techworld US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking 5G progress at Ericsson could help enterprises work worldwide A.I. faces hype, skepticism at RSA cybersecurity show Bruce Schneier: Public-service technologists are needed to tame the IoT Microsoft quietly prolongs life of original Windows 10 CMO CMO's top 8 martech stories for the week - 16 February 2017 Toyota gets a new CMO following Brad Cramb's departure Telstra sees dip in NPS, financial results How digital transformation opened a new customer segment for Kennards Hire Tourism Australia CMO: Data is about gaining efficiency in marketing Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
SUBSCRIBE to the Magazine Vogue fashionbeautycultureliving runway video Most Shared Magazine Meet the Head International Troll Slayer at Google February 15, 2017 8:00 PM by Robert Sullivan On Offense Green’s team at google combats trolls, ISIS recruitment, and internet-service attacks. She wears a Salvatore Ferragamo dress and Mulberry ankle boots.Photographed by Thibault Montamat Should a tech giant give us more information—or better information? Robert Sullivan meets Yasmin Green, a researcher pushing Google to make the world a safer place. In a small conference room at Google’s New York City headquarters, Yasmin Green is about to get some bad news. Green, 35, is the head of research and development at Jigsaw—the tech giant’s in-house think tank—and the trouble at hand has to do with trolls, those who foment anger and disrupt discourse online. People tend to think of trolls in terms of random harassment, teenagers with too much time on their hands, but these in particular are globally scattered and state-sponsored, targeting journalists and activists, an independent press, or outspoken citizens. Trolls are big, for instance, in Iran, where Green was born (her family fled to London in 1984). “Iran is really kind of trailblazing in terms of developing digital repression,” she likes to tell people. Jigsaw is a little like the National Security Council of Google—if Google were a nation state, which it is not, despite a nation state–like influence in the world. Security is now everything, after all, as the Web becomes more and more like the Wild West, full of fake news, hacks, incursions on servers and local infrastructure, and increasingly more damaging attacks on security and speech (not to mention the stability of U.S. elections: See Russian interference in the 2016 presidential contest). Jigsaw’s role is to scout the digital landscape for trouble—to, according to Google, “make people in the world safer.” “We have that geopolitical lens,” Green tells me. “We have the mandate to think ahead, rather than respond to what’s happening at the moment. To think prophetically.” She is wearing a vintage eighties dress she bought on a work trip to London—the Jigsaw team knows her as someone who only ever wears a dress—and strikes you immediately as having the physical demeanor of an athlete: aware, graceful, paying relaxed, close attention to everyone in the conference room. (Sure enough, she likes to run five miles from work to home in Williamsburg, where she picks up her two-year-old daughter from school. “The quality of my decisions,” she says, “is best when borne out of a run.”) Green is quick with an analogy or an insight, and she gets as much as she takes. “I heard she made the president laugh,” says Jigsaw’s founder and president, Jared Cohen, referring to Green’s Obama White House briefing on digital terrorism last December. Green was Cohen’s first hire back in 2010, when Google asked him to create a think tank on geopolitical challenges. “She and I clicked right away,” he says. “She has a gift for strategy—and she’s the one who really mentored me through the process of creating Jigsaw.” Now, in the sealed-off conference room, a portion of her team is settling in: women and men in their 30s who talk less like technologists (though they know their way around the Dark Web and Tor servers) and more like political scientists. Laptops are opened on a table; old-school National Geographic maps hang on the walls. “What’s the right way for Jigsaw,” Green asks, “to affect the problems that we see, given that we’re not a government, given that we don’t have military aid, and we’re not negotiating peace deals? It’s through technology and through access to information.” Good information is Green’s mantra. “Our job is to get more and better information in the hands of vulnerable people,” she says. What’s covered—the names of victims of Internet trolls in particular—is off the record, for the sake of the trolled, and also because Green’s team intends to develop an appropriate defense. As the discussion dives deeper into the Internet’s dark zones, I’m struck by the contrast with the bright, charged thinking of the group. It feels like a grad-school seminar, but with lives in the balance. In places like Russia and China, state-sponsored trolls don’t just tweet at you. The harassment is orchestrated with everything from hashtags to doxxing (slang for exposing personal information) to physical-world threats—all of it working, in the end, to mute journalists and citizen activists, often driving them offline. Women are frequently the targets. “It’s the most insidious problem facing female journalists today,” says Elisa Lees Muñoz, the executive director of the International Women’s Media Foundation. “It’s absolutely to shut people up, and to shut up journalists in particular.” “How can we illustrate this?” asks Green. How, in other words, can the threat be explained so that you don’t have to be a Silicon Valley programmer to understand it? This is Green’s particular genius. In 2013 the Jigsaw team developed and published the Digital Attack Map, a nearly real-time depiction of Internet-service attacks not unlike the one that recently shut down Twitter: eerie beams of color emanating from bad guys in one country to targets in another. (The map has had more than ten million views.) Today’s meeting is not about solutions—not yet. And despite the fact that the subject is complex and disturbing, Green stays optimistic, in part reflecting the optimism of her troubleshooting team. “It’s really inspiring to work with people who are so smart and so missionary,” she tells me later. “Everyone is coming in, driven by a passion, to solve problems that seem intractable.” On a wintry Saturday in Williamsburg, Green is working on a non-Internet protocol. “Can you say hello?” she asks her daughter, Zeba, when a visitor arrives. In a few minutes, Green is sitting on Zeba’s bedroom floor, reading and playing with dolls, in the company of her husband, Adam Green, an indie musician and filmmaker—he drew the pictures that hang around their daughter’s bed. In the rest of the apartment are paintings by their friend the musician Devendra Banhart, among others. It’s a cozy, bohemian scene that Yasmin hadn’t planned when she signed on at Jigsaw. “I actually told my family and friends in London that I’m not going to settle in New York,” she recalls. “Obviously! It’s a very aggressive city. It’ll rub off on me. And then you know what? I met a New Yorker and married and had a New York baby.” Their wedding, a small, carefully orchestrated affair—their parents had never met—on the Greek island of Hydra, Leonard Cohen’s spiritual home in the sixties, sounds like a treatment for a Wes Anderson film. “My parents are Muslim Iranians turned British atheists, and my husband’s parents are nonpracticing New York Jews. If we were in the era of arranged marriages, no one would have thought to put us together.” Adam’s mom wore a tie-dyed dress; Yasmin’s father a tuxedo. “Everyone got along,” she says, showing off the wedding pictures. Early on in the relationship, after watching a Jean Cocteau film, Adam and Yasmin started collaborating, first on a kind of ruminative journal or notebook, selections from which hang on a wall in a frame (“Where you are vulnerable I will build . . .” “Your feelings are always right . . .”), then on Adam’s (highly) experimental films, The Wrong Ferarri and Adam Green’s Aladdin, which Yasmin coproduced, and which were shot in part in their friend the artist Dustin Yellin’s Red Hook studios. While on the road, Adam would call Yasmin with more location ideas. “I’d be on tour, and I’d tell her I just saw this room in Rome in the federal building that’s going to be great to shoot in,” he says. “He was out of his mind,” she remembers. “She is the smartest person I’ve ever known,” Adam says. “She would never say this, but she’s an artist in the sense that the whole concept of being an artist has changed.” We talk about maps of the Web, about Internet ecologies, about painters and ancient texts. “I mean, if you go to the Whitney Biennial, you’re going to find art projects that are similar to what Yasi is working on.” Growing up in England, Yasmin didn’t think as much about international relations as she did the NBA draft. “I secretly wanted to be a basketball player,” Green says. She played on the under-sixteen U.K. national team, and then, when her family moved to Sheffield (she has one older brother), for the Sheffield women’s team, the best in the country at the time. “I used to eat, live, drink basketball,” she says. “I would listen to hip-hop all day—and I would study, but my room was covered with posters of NBA athletes. I think my parents were just like, ‘Well, she’s lost to us.’ ” When she put up some big numbers in her university-placement exams, they were floored. “They cried because they had no idea.” She went to University College London, then the London School of Economics, then worked at a consulting firm, where she specialized in oil and gas and traveled throughout Africa and the Middle East, comparing cultures in a way that, when she looks back now, destined her to work at a place like Jigsaw. When a job at Google came up, Green saw a chance to be on the corporation’s intellectual front guard. “What happens,” she asked herself, “when the next billion people come online?” Green gives you the sense that she sees the fortunes of her company tied to the rights of those who tend to face the most repression—women, for the most part. “Women represent less than half of the people on the Internet,” Green says, “and it’s always the women that get it worse. There are actually bots, or automated trolls, that are programmed just to give rape threats.” It’s true—the Internet is not the place it once was. Lately social media doesn’t seem all that social, to put it mildly, and Google, not to mention companies like Facebook and Twitter, is coming to terms not just with the fact that bad things are happening in its search results, feeds, videos, and comment sections, but that users—and governments—aren’t happy about it. “I do think that Google institutionally believes that technology can be a force for good,” says Farhad Manjoo, the tech columnist for The New York Times. “I think that is something kind of foundational to Larry Page and Sergey Brin at Google—and to Mark Zuckerberg. They believe this in a very deep way, and they set up groups like Jigsaw to prove it. I believe that at heart they are Utopians about technology.” “I think Google possibly has an ethical duty,” says Hadiya Masieh, a British consultant for Jigsaw who was recruited by extremists as a college student. She now counsels mainly young women in similar situations. “If their product is being used for terrorism—well, Yasmin said it at a talk: ‘It’s bad for business. It’s not good for our reputation.’ ” Masieh worked with Green on what is perhaps Jigsaw’s best-known work, a project called the Redirect Method, an Internet-based response to ISIS recruitment. To develop the Redirect Method, Jigsaw team members interviewed young people in Europe and Iraq who had traveled to join ISIS and returned or were captured. This was 2015. “A perfectly normal girl would be radicalized within a week, two weeks,” Masieh says. ISIS uses nothing complex, just the standard byways of search terms and social media. “Someone goes in totally naive,” Masieh says. “ ‘Let’s look this up.’ We all do it. One link leads to another link, and then, next thing you know, you are best friends with someone out there in Syria.” Jigsaw’s solution was to offer alternatives to the results—using the algorithms that typically promote advertising—to suggest sites that offered the viewpoints of, for instance, ISIS recruits who had changed their minds. “It turns out there’s a network of deradicalization Web sites,” Green says, and she is adamant that Google does not craft information itself but presents more and thus better choices. Some free-speech advocates are wary of Jigsaw’s work, as are people who advocate for journalists. “Companies have a lot of potential to create solutions, but I hate to think what repressive governments might do with those same tools,” says Courtney Radsch, the advocacy director for Committee to Protect Journalists and an expert on cyberharassment of reporters. We might not want to grant online anonymity, say, to a building full of secret government trolls—but anonymity is also a tool for a journalist working in a repressive regime. Which is to say that new products make for new complicated questions: Who decides what results or videos should be restricted? And mostly, can the companies that got us into this mess be trusted to get us out? Green travels less than she used to, but she’s been all over—Kiev, Syria, around the Middle East. The value Jigsaw puts on gathering information face-to-face is itself a critique of the typical data-is-everything Silicon Valley way. “Imagine a group of tech employees in a windowless office deciding they’re going to solve a problem for, say, Syrians,” Green says. “You’ll be well meaning, but you’ll get it wrong. I want to get perspectives that we don’t already have.” Looking, listening: The optimism that infuses Green’s work is very personal. Geopolitics is something she thinks about at home all the time. “I have a daughter who is half Iranian, half Jewish. I want her to go to Iran, but she can’t—I get state-generated phishing attacks frequently. It’s a really big concern,” she says. “But I want to live in a world where she has access to people and culture, especially the ones that supply her heritage.” Green’s optimism is practical too, a way of steeling her team to take on what can seem like intractable issues. “We have to believe that we can do it,” she says. “If we’re deflated, then this thing’s not going to happen. When you feel momentum, when you can see that your own conviction mobilizes others—well, it’s really productive and rewarding to believe that you can change things.” Sittings Editor: Karen Kaiser. Hair: Adam Markarian; Makeup: Jen Myles. Produced by Disco Meisch for Liebling Productions. Recommended For You __title__ __category__ __title__ __category__ Vogue Fashion Beauty Culture Living Runway Magazine City Guides Videos Subscribe VOGUE VIP Vogue App Vogue Shop Promotions Vogue Archive Vogue Podcast Log In|Register Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Sign up for Newsletter Contact Press Subscriptions Digital Editions Vogue Worldwide UK India Italy Mexico Australia Germany Korea Spain Taiwan Russia France Brazil Japan Portugal Ukraine Turkey China Reprints/Permissions Media Kits Careers Condé Nast Digital Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Magazine Customer Service Sitemap © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/2014) and Privacy Policy (Effective 1/2/2014). Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached, or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 LG G6 Galaxy S8 Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Newest update to Google Clock lets you use any audio file as your alarm Apps & Games Newsby Brian Reigh13 hours ago 4 438 17 One thing I’ve always appreciated about Samsung’s Clock app was the ability to set any of your audio files as your alarm. After all, who wants to wake up to the same obnoxious tune every morning? Well, the latest update to Google’s own Clock app is finally bringing that feature as well as a few other minor improvements. See also: 10 best alarm clock apps for Android July 12, 2016 Google updated its Clock app to v5.0, and while it doesn’t bring anything huge, the refinements we see should make this clock app even better. The official changelog doesn’t reveal much: Set any audio file on your device as your alarm or timer sound Show seconds on your digital clock Several other new features & bug fixes But as you can see, one important change is the ability to set your own audio file as your alarm or timer sound. It may not sound like a big deal, but having the freedom to add more options on top of the default list of generic alarm sounds does make a huge difference in the morning, in my opinion. You can simply click on “Add new” in order to access what’s stored on your device. You can also have the app display time in seconds, which might come in handy for some. You can also have the app display time in seconds, which might come in handy for some. Other than that, it’s subtle refinements: the UI is now cleaner, more consistent, and has texts accompanying symbols. Time zones will now let you know how many hours they’re ahead or behind you. And once you go into screen saver mode, it will hide the virtual navigation buttons. If you have the app installed already, you should be able to see the update. If you don’t have the app and want to try it out, you can click the button below to download it: Download from Play Store Which clock app are you using at the moment? Let us know by leaving a comment below! Apps & Games News Google Clock, Clock app, Alarm app Alarm app, Clock app, Google Clock  Google Play Store  Android Police Brian Reigh Brian Reigh is a contributor at Android Authority, covering all Android-related news. He has always been passionate about technology, especially mobile technology. He is currently a student at Dartmouth College in Hanover, NH. Show 4 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago57 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News HTC One A9 gets Android Nougat update on Sprint 48 minutes ago Here’s a look at the Huawei P10 in blue, gold and green 2 hours ago Google Phone 8.0 adds voicemail sharing and minor visual tweaks 2 hours ago Huawei may add to the already crowded field of voice-based digital assistants 6 hours ago LG G6 will have new UX for its 18:9 display, camera to have Square and Food m... 7 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google Fiber has a new boss and is losing hundreds of employees Steve Kovach Feb. 15, 2017, 2:51 PM 10,512 facebook linkedin twitter email print George Frey/Reuters Google is significanly scaling back its high-speed internet business, eliminating hundreds of jobs, even as it brings on a new leader for the group. Access, the division of Google's parent company Alphabet that includes Google Fiber, hired Gregory McCray to be the new boss, Business Insider has confirmed. McCray was the CEO of Aero Communications before the new role at Alphabet, and is joining Access several months after the previous boss stepped down.  Access is also losing "hundreds" of employees and moving them to positions within Google itself. There will not be any layoffs related to the move. Employees will be placed in Google positions related to the company's key growth areas such as cloud, YouTube, and hardware. The hundreds of employees leaving Access are on top of the layoffs at Access last year after the company announced it was halting plans to expand Google Fiber to more cities, meaning the Access has a much smaller staff now. Craig Barratt, the former head of Access, also stepped down last year. Recently, there has been speculation that Alphabet will ultimately sell Google Fiber to another company. McCray is also on the board of CenturyLink, a company The Information recently speculated could be a buyer for Google Fiber. However, a source familiar with the matter says McCray will be stepping down from the CenturyLink board. The Access division doesn't just focus on Google Fiber. It's also exploring other ways to deliver high-speed broadband wirelessly. Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: Some Google self-driving car experts were paid so much they quit NOW WATCH: Science says parents of unsuccessful kids could have these 6 things in common Loading video... More: Google Alphabet Google Fiber facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google Fiber has a new boss and is losing hundreds of employees Google Fiber has a new boss and is losing hundreds of employees Google is significanly scaling back its... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Droid Life Menu Skip to content Home Topics Accessories Apps Beginners’ Guide Contests Deals News Polls Reviews Root Videos Podcast Deals Contact Search Post navigation Previous StoryReport: Samsung to Announce Galaxy S8 Unveiling Date at MWC Next StoryTim’s Favorite Tech Stuff Right Now by Kellex on Feb 15, 2017 @droid_life News Home Share this Story Google Home and Amazon Echo Could Become Your New Home Phone The push for home speaker assistants in your house could lead to the extinction of your home phone, assuming Google and Amazon have their way in the near future. According to a report out of the Wall Street Journal, both companies are looking at ways to integrate a home phone service into products like Google Home and Amazon Echo.  On a basic level, Google and Amazon would hope that after you look-up an item (ex: a restaurant) or want to have a more direct hands-free conversation with someone, you could then tell your home assistant speaker to place a call. The call would then allow you have a speakerphone-like call through your speaker. The idea makes a lot of sense if you don’t mind placing calls over speakerphone regularly. As today’s report notes, there are some issues there, though, that need to be worked out. For one, how would you end a call? Would you use a hotword? Maybe, but that could be spoken during the call and cut someone off. What about privacy and the fact that these speaker assistants tend to record bits of audio throughout a day? I can’t imagine any of us would be OK with our phone conversations being recorded by either Google or Amazon. Would Google have to launch a new voice service, or somehow integrate Google Voice? What would Amazon do since they don’t even currently have a voice service solution? At this point, it sounds like both companies are still working all of that out, but could still launch voice-related products through Home and Echo before the end of the year. The best guess is that each will place calls using VoIP, with Amazon even considering handing out phone numbers to your Echo. Another idea suggests that we could see a Google Voice-like scenario where calls ring on your phone and speaker, so you can decide where you want to take them. Or maybe Amazon and Google will simply allow you to connect Skype or another service, rather than launch their own. Thoughts? Via:  Wall Street Journal Post navigation Previous StoryReport: Samsung to Announce Galaxy S8 Unveiling Date at MWC Next StoryTim’s Favorite Tech Stuff Right Now Patel Nisha It makes sense and should be an easy update…use the speaker on the device in the same manner as Bluetooth headphones work with a smartphone. We don’t need an Echo or a Google Home device requiring a SIM card in order to make and receive phone calls. Hell, my Sync3 system in my F150 can make/receive phone calls and text messages via it’s Bluetooth connection to my phone. NexusMan Is anyone else experiencing deteriorating Google Home performance? The exact opposite of what I expected, my devices are seeming to get worse and worse. They no longer hear me as well as they did right out of the box, over the past 2 days they stopped being able to play my music playlists…instead they don’t understand me and play random radio stations, and commands to control my lights don’t always work, like before. WTF? Sporttster I don’t understand the desire for something that listens to everything you do. No privacy concerns here? mcdonsco Would be awesome, but would want it ties to my actual cell number. Not sure how or if that can be done, but… reyalP Why not implement some type of continuity with your cellphone like Apple does with its line of products. ctk4949 Google Voice/Fi + Google Home = YES!! MKader17 “What about privacy and the fact that these speaker assistants tend to record bits of audio throughout a day?” If you own a Google Home you should be so passed worrying about this. Sean Lally When is Home getting Reminders is my only thought… Cael “OK Google, hang up!” Walter Partlo My first thought was: people still have home phones? NexusMan yes. some do. Erinjdelarosa Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj259d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj259d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash259HomeBusinessGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj259d:….,…… sc0rch3d The timing/redesign of Google Voice would make sense. Maybe start with something small like….your phone must be connected to Google Home and it will handle the voice capability while the Home is just for audio purposes. Starting a call is easy, ending a call….well hot word detection might be nice and/or awkward, but tapping the home or hang up via phone works as a stop gap. Good_Ole_Pinocchio “What would Amazon do since they don’t even currently have a voice service solution?” They have the ground work and more. Chime https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2017/02/announcing-amazon-chime-frustration-free-online-meetings-with-exceptional-audio-and-video-quality/ gabe1989 i don’t own a google home. does it not currently operate as a speakerphone for your phone calls? seems pretty basic functionality wise. everything is already there to do it: internet connection, speaker, and the mic. might as well have the option to answer a call from your phone. KoTiell Nah right now you can’t even send a text message. gabe1989 damn that is so weird to me that these phone functions aren’t already integrated. maybe its due to the fact there may be multiple phones on the same wifi network and google home would need to know which phone to send it from. but that could easily be integrated as part of the “ok google send a text from such and such phone to such and such contact” command. Under the bridge downtown I can see my kid sending texts and making calls on my phone when I am in another room. Clusterfcuk. KoTiell Yeah I assume that’s why it isn’t incorporated yet. Not until they can tell who each person talking is. Jackal Frost Now I see why Google started updating Voice again. trixnkix637 The dependency on mobile phones killed the home phone long ago. Smart Home products like Google Home and Amazon Echo are just extensions of that dependency I feel. About Droid Life We consider ourselves to have the greatest Android community in the world, here at Droid Life. We talk general news, feature apps, review phones, and even teach you how to hack a little. But most importantly, there is no place on the internet that has the reader participation that we do and consider ourselves to be completely community driven. If you were looking for the best place to learn about Android and talk with like-minded folks about all things tech, then Droid Life is for you. Follow Us Facebook Google+ YouTube Twitter Subscribe © DRD Life Inc. About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Coulee Creative.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai The Google Assistant can now call up personal info via Allo Kyle Wiggers Digital TrendsFebruary 15, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share google assistant allo info io headerMore Allo, a member of a cadre of Google messaging apps that includes Duo, Spaces, Messenger, and Voice, is more than just another way to keep in touch with friends. It’s one of the few ways most Android users can interact with the Google Assistant, Google’s artificially intelligent service that’s otherwise reserved for the Pixel and Google Home. It’s already pretty smart — it can toggle a flashlight, set reminders, ask for directions, and even take screenshots — but now, it’s becoming even more cognizant with the addition of personal reminders. Personal reminders, which became available for some users Wednesday morning, provide a convenient way to store contacts, calendar appointments, airline reservations, phone numbers, and more with the Google Assistant. Typing “@google” (without quotes) in an Allo conversation pulls up the Assistant, and tapping on the Assistant icon shows you all the information it has on hand. (Try asking “What are my upcoming flights,” for example, or “Show me my upcoming appointments.”) A subsequent Share option lets you share the information with another chat participant. More: Everything you need to know about Google Assistant Unfortunately, there aren’t many tweakable parameters. You can’t share information with another contact in a one-on-one Allo conversation, and you can’t keep requests for information from Allo hidden from folks who might be keen on perusing your history. But the ability to share information could be useful in certain situations. You can have the Assistant provide a friend’s contact info in a group conversation, for example, or have the Google Assistant call up flight details in a conversation with fellow travelers. As Engadget points out, the feature isn’t exactly groundbreaking. Google Hangouts, one of Allo’s predecessors, gained the ability to offer “smart suggestions” based on contextual clues a few months back — if a friend asks “where are you?” for instance, it will prompt you to share your location. And Facebook recently launched a feature for its “M” Messenger AI assistant that offers you the opportunity to share your location, respond to messages with appropriate stickers, or even point friends in the direction of shopping and travel info. The personal reminders function appears to be a server-side change, meaning not everyone’s likely to see it right away. But as long as you’ve updated to the latest version of Allo, you’ve got the best shot at getting it first. More: Nvidia Shield and other Android TV devices get Google Assistant integration Google’s under pressure to prop up Allo’s declining popularity. It took the app four days to score 5 million downloads after its September 2016 launch day, but an additional three months to accumulate another 5 million downloads. And last week, Android Police reported that the messaging app has dropped out of the top 500 most-downloaded apps on the Play Store. A lack of desktop client and SMS support are likely to blame for the recent dips, but if Google keeps adding new features at a steady clip, there might yet be a chance to reverse the downward trend. Everything you need to know about Google Assistant Google Allo is now available in Hindi for users in one of its fastest-growing markets OK, Google, what can you do? Tips and tricks for the Google Home Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Trump now owns Obamacare 7547 messages3%65%32% 5 New Trucks Wheel SceneSponsored Justin Bieber might have thrown shade at The Weeknd Mom Says This Photo Shows the Ghost of Her Son Watching Over His Twin 1177 messages3%78%19% Police brutality protests in Paris suburbs 44 messages2%69%29% The Last Diet You'll Ever Need The Mayo Clinic DietSponsored Inside one of world's largest mermaid convention's fin-tastic weekend ‘Deadliest Catch’ Family Joins in Mourning the Loss of Bering Sea Brothers Aboard the F/V Destination 508 messages8%63%29% Melania Trump Is ‘Miserable’ as First Lady, ‘Unhappy With How Her Life Ended Up’ 3584 messages4%57%39% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored Scarlett Johansson Talks About the Challenges of Monogamy After Splitting With Romain Dauriac 3977 messages6%71%23% Photos of the day - February 15, 2017 24 messages4%92%4% Questions surround Trump associates' reported communications with Russia 1 messages Fight 93% Of Skin Issues With This Simple Hack Gundry MDSponsored A crush of crises all but buries the young Trump White House 6492 messages4%57%39% 'I don't believe in fake news': 'Morning Joe' host explains why she barred Kellyanne Conway from the show 14399 messages5%57%38% Clinton staffers on Times report about Trump campaign’s contacts with Russia: We told you! Phil: As much as I despise all Liberal Trash I can't help but think it's not completely there fault. Liberalism is a Mental Disorder, there is no doubt about it. It blocks the brains ability to think rationally, you lash out at anyone or anything that you do not agree with, and you become a sick, demented person. If you fall into the category of Liberal Trash get yourself checked out immediately, there might still be time to save your dignity and your soul!! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 7.6k Yahoo-ABC News Network Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Huawei Is Developing Its Own Voice Assistant for Smartphones One of China's largest smartphone makers wants to take on Siri. by Mark Gurman @markgurman More stories by Mark Gurman February 15, 2017, 1:57 PM EST Inside a testing center at Huawei's campus in Shenzhen, China. Brent Lewin/Bloomberg Huawei Technologies Co., the third-largest smartphone maker, is preparing to enter the competitive world of digital assistants with its own voice-powered service, people familiar with the matter said.  A team of more than a hundred engineers is in the early stages of developing the technology at its Shenzhen, China offices, one of the people said. The efforts are extensive and are aimed at Apple Inc.'s Siri, Amazon.com Inc.'s Alexa, and Alphabet Inc.'s Google Assistant, not smaller players, the person said. Huawei's assistant would communicate in Chinese languages and target domestic users while the company will continue to work with Google and Amazon outside China, one of the other people said. They asked not to be identified as the details are private.  Building its own answer to Siri may help Huawei devices stand out in a crowded Chinese market, where many Google services that come with the dominant Android smartphone operating system are blocked.  Huawei is targeting $33 billion in sales from its consumer business this year. The company trails only Apple and Samsung Electronics Co. in global smartphone shipments as it pushes upmarket with premium features.  Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Having a major Android device manufacturer choose to build a voice assistant in-house may throw another wrench in Google's plans. Huawei last month announced it would use Alexa on its Mate 9 smartphones in the U.S. Currently, the Google Assistant only runs on Google's Pixel smartphone, Home speaker and smartwatches running the latest version of the Android Wear software. The largest online search company is trying to get third-party device makers to pre-install its assistant, according to people familiar with the talks. Spokespeople for Huawei and Google declined to comment.  Huawei is not the first Android device manufacturer to develop its own service over using Google's. Samsung acquired Viv Labs last year, a startup formed by some Siri founders, to serve as the basis for its own voice assistant. Samsung plans to release the first devices with this new technology later this year. Chinese search giant Baidu Inc. announced its own voice service in 2015. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Americans Just Broke the Psychologists’ Stress Record Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' Calls for Russia Probe Mount for White House Reeling From Flynn Fallout The Political Assassination of Michael Flynn Trump's F-35 Calls Came With a Surprise: Rival CEO Was Listening Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Android Wear 2.0 isn't coming to SmartWatch 3, confirms Sony 29 minutes ago Huawei P10 leaked in blue, gold and green ahead of Mobile World Congress reveal 1 hour ago Hip to be square: LG's G6 teaser shows how its unique 'Full Vision' display could work 3 hours ago Apple may ditch the home button for new "function area" 3 hours ago View all recent news Sticky Notes for Windows 10 now let's you make a new note from the taskbar 4 hours ago Microsoft Authenticator beta updated on iOS; now allows users to edit accounts 4 hours ago You can enter the Halo Wars 2 launch drawing for prizes and catch a live stream on the 16th 5 hours ago Halo Wars 2 limited edition prints will be available for sale starting February 16 5 hours ago View all Microsoft news Moto G5 and G5 Plus specs and pictures leak ahead of Mobile World Congress 13 hours ago Google I/O dates officially revealed; application process will start February 22 13 hours ago Google ordered to pay $20 million for Chrome's infringement of anti-malware patents 14 hours ago Samsung's Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order Feb 15, 2017 View all Google news Apple may ditch the home button for new "function area" 3 hours ago Microsoft Authenticator beta updated on iOS; now allows users to edit accounts 4 hours ago Apple to oppose 'right to repair' law in Nebraska, saying users might hurt themselves 23 hours ago Apple releases the first trailer of its reality show 'Planet of the Apps' Feb 14, 2017 View all Apple news PicPick 4.2.3 11 minutes ago MusicBrainz Picard 1.4 13 hours ago WinSCP 5.9.4 14 hours ago Internet Download Manager 6.27 Build 5 15 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Review: Amazfit Pace is an activity tracker that needs to hit the gym for some massive gains Feb 14, 2017 Review of Synology's Surveillance Station, a free IP camera tool for Synology NAS devices Feb 13, 2017 Oukitel U20 Plus review: Dual-lens camera for under $100 Feb 6, 2017 A review of the Oukitel U13 - jump in the low end Feb 6, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Unboxing Logitech's new BRIO webcam, which supports Windows Hello, 4K streaming, and more Feb 12, 2017 First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 View all unboxings OnePlus does it again by releasing a truly cringeworthy ad Feb 15, 2017 Samsung releases 128GB "Black Pearl" S7 edge in New Zealand with bonus 256GB microSD card Feb 15, 2017 Microsoft: Windows 10 Mobile builds will keep coming "beyond release of the Creators Update" 16 hours ago Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.221 Feb 14, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get this Microsoft Programming Certification Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals 19 hours ago Get a lifetime subscription to the Virtual Training Company for just $89 via Neowin Deals Feb 14, 2017 Get this Complete IT Cloud Architect Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Feb 13, 2017 Become a Professional Python Programmer for just $11.70 via Neowin Deals Feb 10, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Google I/O dates officially revealed; application process will start February 22 By Timi Cantisano News Reporter Neowin LLC @timicantisano · 13 hours ago with 3 comments Towards the end of last month, Google announced the time and location of its I/O developer conference in a cryptic message on Twitter. Today, the I/O website has been properly updated and is also giving out details about the application process for those that want to attend. While the developer conference used to be on a first come, first serve basis, the past few years have seen an incredible surge of folks trying to attend, leaving many out in the cold. Google changed the application format by making it a random drawing. As noted on the I/O website, the application process will start on February 22 at 10am PT and will end February 27 at 5pm PT. Google did offer a couple things to keep in mind while applying which have been detailed below. Keep in mind: -- The order in which applications are received has no bearing on the outcome. Applicants will be chosen at random after the drawing application window has ended. -- Only one application per person is allowed. -- The selected applicants will be automatically charged and will receive their ticket via email on February 28th. Google's I/O 2017 will be located at the Shoreline Amphitheatre in Mountain View, California, for the second year in a row and will take place over three days starting on May 17. Source: Google Tags Google io Io Io 2017 Google Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Nokia Mobile holds a bizarre Facebook Live stream touting the Nokia 3310 Next Story Starting August 15, 2017, PlayStation Now to be discontinued for PS3, PS Vita, and more Advertisement Community Activity Refresh OnePlus does it again by releasing a truly cringeworthy ad in Front Page News Android Wear 2.0 isn't coming to SmartWatch 3, confirms Sony in Front Page News Oklahoma Man Arrested in Police "Chase" @ 208mph in a Mustang in The Neobahn Hip to be square: LG's G6 teaser shows how its unique 'Full Vision' display could work in Front Page News PicPick 4.2.3 in Front Page News Not just Surface Book: Microsoft raises Surface Pro 4 UK prices by up to 12% due to Brexit in Front Page News Microsoft commits to complying with the EU's GDPR across its cloud services by May 25, 2018 in Front Page News Half-Life 3 confirmed! Oh, wait... no, Valve staff is just messing with you in Front Page News Trending Stories OnePlus does it again by releasing a truly cringeworthy ad Feb 15, 2017 with 38 comments Samsung releases 128GB "Black Pearl" S7 edge in New Zealand with bonus 256GB microSD card Feb 15, 2017 with 5 comments Microsoft: Windows 10 Mobile builds will keep coming "beyond release of the Creators Update" 16 hours ago with 21 comments Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.221 Feb 14, 2017 with 10 comments Related Stories Google announces time and place for its 2017 I/O conference Jan 25, 2017 Nexus 6 owners claim Android 7.1.1 Nougat update has caused speakerphone issues Jan 11, 2017 Android malware attacks your router through your smartphone Jan 4, 2017 · Hot! Microsoft Edge now supports Google's open-sourced Brotli compression algorithm Dec 20, 2016 · Hot! deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Xamarin Cross Platform Development Bundle $1,046.00 $35.00 97% off Big Data and Hadoop Analytics Certification Bundle $799.00 $59.00 93% off The Complete Android N Developer Course - Build 17 Apps $200.00 $17.00 92% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Show Comments 3 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Michael Flynn Donald Trump ObamaCare SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Perez interrupted by progressive protesters Blog Briefing Room — 5h 5m ago Report: Trump ally to review intelligence agencies Administration — 5h 28m ago Chaffetz asks DOJ inspector general to investigate Flynn leaks House — 6h 7m ago Report: ICE detains domestic violence victim in court Administration — 6h 48m ago Report: Intelligence officials withhold information from Trump Administration — 7h 25m ago Jake Tapper fires back: Media didn't fire Flynn, Trump did Blog Briefing Room — 7h 30m ago Venezuela cuts CNN in Spanish Blog Briefing Room — 7h 33m ago Corker: Senate GOP discussing best path for Russia probe Floor Action — 7h 34m ago view all   FCC should whack privacy rules that favor Google and Facebook By Roger Entner, opinion contributor - 02/15/17 02:20 PM EST 0   © Greg Nash Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai remarked in a December 2016 speech that his agency should “fire up the weed whacker” and get rid of numerous regulations that the previous administration put in place on a partisan basis. As the first target, I would suggest the broadband consumer privacy regulations that were hastily adopted just a few days before November's election. In a significant departure from a more than 20-year-old bipartisan, technology-neutral online privacy framework, Obama’s FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler chose to impose a new set of restrictions  on broadband providers as it applied to personal information considered sensitive. Perversely, consumer privacy today is no more protected than it was before the new rules were adopted. That’s because the very companies whose entire business model is centered around monetizing consumers’ private information were not affected by the FCC’s actions. As a result, consumers who care about their privacy are arguably even worse off than before. ADVERTISEMENT It appears that the Wheeler FCC was unaware of the reality of today’s digital advertising market. After all, an FCC chairman who repeatedly reminded the market that his mantra was “competition, competition, competition” wouldn’t put regulations in place that insulated dominant competitors from new competition.   Fixed and mobile internet advertising has merged into one market: digital advertising. All Internet advertising is digital and dominated by Google and Facebook, which control more than 60 percent of combined market share. Along come the ISPs, led by Verizon and more recently AT&T, seeking to take some of this market share away by getting into the digital advertising business. Before either of these intrepid new market entrants took hold, the FCC pounced and imposed a set of restrictions exclusively on them, making it much harder for ISPs to directly compete against Google and Facebook. The Googles and Facebooks of this world can freely collect data on their users and use that information to create profiles that allow the companies to target advertising at their users with significantly more accuracy than the ISPs. Better targetable advertising means it takes fewer impressions to hit the right target audience and that eliminates inefficiencies, increases revenues for the advertising platform and reduces spam. With $17.6 billion in Q3 2016 revenue alone, and an annual run rate of over $70 billion, this is no small market. And all of the growth in digital advertising revenues from Q2 to Q3 2016 -- $2.9 billion -- was divided between Google and Facebook. Google dominates search with 76 percent of market share, online advertising with more than 50 percent of market share, mobile analytics with 95 percent of market share, and online video with more than 75 percent market share.  This explains why Google and Facebook are fighting ferociously to defend their turf. But is this something the FCC should be helping them with? The Wheeler privacy rules essentially cement the dominance of Google and Facebook, the very thing that a regulator should avoid, especially when it is reinforcing the two dominant providers in a market they do not regulate. We need more competition in the digital advertising space, not less. Consumers deserve consistent privacy protection regardless of what device, what service, what app or what network they are using. Consumers also deserve a digital marketplace replete with competitors going at it head to head for every consumer eyeball. A regulatory regime that distorts either of these should be avoided at all costs. Let us hope that Chairman Pai follows through on his promise to bring a weed whacker to ill-informed, anti-consumer, anti-competitive regulations like the FCC’s privacy rules.   Roger Entner is the founder and lead analyst at Recon Analytics, a company focused on providing syndicated research, custom consulting, and policy-related data analysis. The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags FCC, Technology, Ajit Pai   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 GOP senators unnerved by Trump-... Senate Republicans are expressing growing concerns about the relationship... 253 Shares 2 FBI releases documents related to... The FBI on Wednesday released hundreds of pages of its notes surrounding... 249 Shares 3 Report: Intelligence officials... The information was withheld from the president in fear that that it would... 217 Shares 4 Schwarzenegger rips gerrymandering... Arnold Schwarzenegger says Congress is so unpopular that lawmakers “couldn... 144 Shares 5 'Morning Joe' host says show will... Co-host Mika Brzezinski says she will no longer allow senior White House... 135 Shares 6 Overnight Finance: Trump's Labor... Puzder withdraws nomination for Labor secretary: Andy Puzder on Wednesday... 108 Shares 7 Cyber executive order a reasonable... OPINION | The cybersecurity EO is a well thought out and reasonable step... 87 Shares 8 Schumer warns of possible cover-up... Following an emergency Democratic caucus meeting Wednesday, Senate... 80 Shares 9 House panel votes against... The House Ways and Means Committee on Tuesday rejected a Democratic push... 79 Shares 10 Under Armour CEO walks back... Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank on Wednesday published a full-page ad in his... 70 Shares 11 Report: Trump aiming to sign... The Senate is expected to vote on Scott Pruitt's nomination this week. 66 Shares 12 Priebus, Bannon trash reports of... In a joint phone call with The Hill on Wednesday, White House chief of... 65 Shares 13 Humana to drop out of ObamaCare at... The insurer said the market has not stabilized enough to participate next... 64 Shares 14 'Day Without a Woman' strike set... The group behind the Women’s March on Washington in protest of Donald... 57 Shares 15 Report: Trump ally to review... Feinberg is a member of Trump's economic advisory council and is a co-... 55 Shares 16 GOP senator calls for exhaustive... Sen. Roy Blunt (R-Mo.) on Tuesday said there should be an exhaustive... 51 Shares 17 Michael Moore to Trump: 'Vacate... "What part of 'vacate you Russian traitor' don't you understand?" liberal... 49 Shares 18 Trump signs repeal of transparency... The regulation would have required energy companies to disclose their... 49 Shares 19 GOP's 'centrist' concerns about... OPINION | Moderate Republicans in Congress should stop playing politics... 43 Shares 20 GOP rep: Intelligence community... Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) questioned the veracity of assessments by the... 43 Shares 21 Flynn puts FBI director back in... The spotlight is back on FBI Director James Comey thanks to Michael Flynn’... 43 Shares 22 Reporter was recorded during... “I didn’t know she was taping it,” Ryan said. “This is about her trying to... 42 Shares 23 Schumer tries to keep the peace as... Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) is trying to keep the peace in the Senate... 41 Shares 24 Trump failed his own test on good... Throughout the presidential campaign, Donald Trump repeated a particular... 41 Shares 25 Trump staffers using app that... Trump administration staffers are reportedly communicating by using an... 41 Shares 26 Report: ICE detains domestic... An undocumented woman who was allegedly a victim of domestic violence was... 41 Shares 27 Flynn's security clearance... The suspension is a normal administrative move for clearances under "... 41 Shares 28 The worst job in Washington?... OPINION | Donald McGahn, who serves as President Trump's Oval Office... 41 Shares 29 Trump to hold rally in Florida on... President Trump is getting back on the campaign trail. Trump will appear... 40 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google says despite Stagefright concerns, no infections found +2,617 Ashley King Feb 15th, 2017 Last year computer security experts shed some light on a vulnerability in Android dubbed Stagefright that could allow an attacker to perform actions on a user’s device through remote code execution. The vulnerability affected all Android devices on Froyo 2.2 and above, which led to several major carriers and SMS apps like Textra patching and releasing fixes to attempt to null the impact of such a widespread vulnerability. At an RSA security conference held in San Francisco, director of Android security Adrian Ludwig said that despite 95% of Android devices being at risk for attack, there were no confirmed cases of infection via the exploit. If you’re questioning how Ludwig and Google can know that, Ludwig explained that due to Google’s Verify Apps malware detection, they’re able to spot malicious apps installed on the more than 1.4 billion devices with Google Play Services enabled. It’s worth noting that doesn’t account for millions of devices from Chinese manufacturers and Amazon’s bevy of Android devices, as those don’t have GSP on the device. Ludwig says that most of the malware on Android isn’t as complex as would require an actual Stagefright exploit to be. Most malware originates as an app that installs other apps in the background. “Most of the abuse we get isn’t interesting from a security perspective. We see spamming ads for fake antivirus stuff but it’s really basic social engineering. Even if malware is installed it seldom involved privilege escalation, it primarily just downloads other apps.” Despite Ludwig’s claims of no confirmed infections, Stagefright is the reason we get those monthly security updates from Google that seem to turn into quarterly security updates in the hands of other manufacturers. local_offer    Android   Stagefright   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (1) stars Further Reading Google under investigation for anti-competitive practices with Android Google Play Store gets new Updates tab for tracking app updates How to set up a live wallpaper that mirrors your time of day 7 creative ways to reuse your old smartphones President Trump is still using his unsecured Android phone stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertGet a free pizza from T-Mobile and Papa John's closeGet some free pizza courtesy of Papa John’s and T-Mobile Tuesdays Starting on February 14th, and lasting for 4 weeks, T-Mobile has partnered with Papa John’s to give T-Mobile Tuesday users a free large pizza and 25% off regular menu orders. 2 more_vertThe Moto G5 Plus has been leaked in its entirety closeThe Moto G5 Plus has been confirmed after showing up via an online retailer The upcoming Moto G5 Plus has been leaked in its entirely after the device was published through an online retailer. The listing confirms many of the rumors regarding the device. 3 more_vertYou can now purchase the 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T closeYou can now purchase the 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T, but you’ll have to wait The 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T is now available for purchase, despite the device not shipping for 8 days. The 128GB variant is priced at $479, compared to $439 for the 64GB version. 4 more_vertDEAL: Get a tablet for free from T-Mobile closeT-Mobile is offering 2 free tablets for joining T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile is offering either a free Samsung Tab E or LG G Pad X 8.0 when purchasing the tablet through installment plans and signing up for T-Mobile ONE with at least 6GB of data. 5 more_vertVerizon brings back unlimited data plans closeVerizon surprisingly reintroduces Unlimited Data plans starting at $80 per month Verizon has announced it will be introducing an unlimited data plan for $80 per month, starting tomorrow, February 13th. 6 more_vertHow to remove apps closeHow to remove unwanted apps from your Android phone If you’re using an Android phone that isn’t a Pixel, there’s a pretty good chance it came with a bunch of pre-loaded apps that you have no intention of ever using. Thankfully, you can now remove almost any app. 7 more_vertHow to turn off screen overlay closeWhat to do when you get the annoying “screen overlay detected” message Android has gotten a lot more user-friendly over the years, but there are still some things that can leave users scratching their heads. One of the most annoying recent Android problems is the “screen overlay detected” message. 8 more_vertGoogle and Amazon prepare to battle it out in 2017 closeGoogle may have to play catchup with Amazon’s Alexa Amazon’s Alexa stole the show at CES 2017 and this may be cause for concern for Google’s planned expansion of Google Assistant. 9 more_vertPre-order the Samsung Chromebook Plus closeThe new Samsung Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order The Samsung Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order for $499 from Amazon, Best Buy, Newegg, and the Google Store. The Chromebook Plus launches on Feb. 13th. 10 more_vertEverything we know about the LG G6 closeHere’s everything we know so far about the LG G6 With Mobile World Congress 2017 looming, we take a look at all of the rumors surrounding the LG G6 and what could be coming from LG’s 2017 flagship. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team GIVEAWAYPost Your Job on CrunchBoard and You'll be Entered to Win 2 Tickets to SXSW. Post Your Job to Enter Media Your in-car attention is media’s next battleground Comcast rolls out a new Stream TV app for its cable and internet TV customers PewDiePie’s YouTube Red series gets cancelled after vlogger posts anti-Semitic content Browse more... Google Google teams up with Kaggle to host $100,000 video classification challenge U.S. motor vehicle deaths see biggest two year jump in over 50 years, per NSC Google launches Cloud Spanner, its new globally distributed relational database service Browse more... News Crunch Report | Judge Rules CRISPR-Cas9 Belongs to Broad Institute Crunch Report | Youtuber Pewdiepie Gets in Trouble Crunch Report | Flying Car for $400,000 Browse more... Google expands fact-checked news to Brazil, Mexico & Argentina Posted 14 hours ago by Sarah Perez (@sarahintampa) 0 SHARES Next Story Microsoft open sources a simulator for training drones, self-driving cars and more In October, Google announced it would begin highlighting fact-checked resources in its Google News vertical, allowing readers to more easily find links to reputable sources of factual information related to major stories. Today, Google says it’s expanding this feature to new markets, including Brazil, Mexico and Argentina. The company had previously launched fact checks outside the U.S., with the addition of France and Germany in November of last year. The fact checks will be available on Google News, in the expanded story box, as well as in the Google News & Weather iOS and Android applications, says Google. In addition, the fact check tag will be visible in the new countries in “news mode” in Google Search. That means you’ll see the fact checked articles appear in the main groupings when you search for a given news topic, then click over to the News tab. The articles will be identified with the label “fact check,” which appears beneath the URL. This is one of several ways Google labels its links in Google News – the company has historically tagged articles as “In-Depth” or “Opinion,” when warranted, as well. Fact checking sources of information on the web has been a topic of heightened debate in the wake of U.S. elections where partisan websites and those misreporting (or outright lying in order to turn a profit) were believed to have influenced the vote. The rallying cry of “fake news” has since been used by those on both sides of the table, but most egregiously by President Trump as a means to discredit news reports and media organizations he doesn’t like. Fact check resources, however, are not fake news. Instead, they contain the verifiable, ethically sourced facts that the news stories reference, without the accompanying spin. The industry has grown substantially in recent years. Google notes that there are now over 120 organizations worldwide that are focused on this issue. Google has gotten directly involved itself, as has Facebook, which finally admitted that – well, maybe it was a media company after all.  Earlier this month, Google announced Crosscheck, a project involving roughly 20 French newsrooms and the First Draft Coalition, which aimed to help fact check news stories during the French elections. Google is also supporting 10 other projects across Europe focused on fact checking through the Digital Initiative Fund. Publishers who want their work labeled with the Fact Check tag can use the open ClaimReview schema from schema.org in their stories. To use this markup, publishers have to meet a certain set of criteria common to all fact checking resources. Google says it will remove sites from Google News or ignore the markup when the publisher doesn’t follow the prescribed guidelines. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Judge Rules CRISPR-Cas9 Belongs to Broad Institute | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes News Google Media Popular Posts Featured Stories Judge Rules CRISPR-Cas9 Belongs to Broad Institute | Crunch Report VIDEO | 4:00 | Crunch Report CRISPR-Cas9 inventor Jennifer Doudna’s plans on moving forward, genetically modifying humans 6 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Facebook’s new job opening posts poach business from LinkedIn 12 hours ago | Josh Constine Judge rules CRISPR-Cas9 patents belong to Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT 12 hours ago | Megan Rose Dickey Verizon reportedly closes in on a Yahoo acquisition with a $250M discount 16 hours ago | Anthony Ha Latest From TechCrunch Baidu furthers AI push with acquisition of digital assistant startup Raven Tech 1 hour ago | Jon Russell Atomico closes on $765 million for its biggest fund yet 3 hours ago | Connie Loizos Crunch Report | Judge Rules CRISPR-Cas9 Belongs to Broad Institute 5 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Dorsey: Twitter still has “a long way to go” 6 hours ago | Katie Roof Comment moderation powered by Up Next Microsoft open sources a simulator for training drones, self-driving cars and more Posted 14 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Firmware Engineer @ Athos at Athos (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Account Executive @ Sauce Labs at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Product Manager @ Thanx at Thanx (San Francisco, CA, United States) Report Developer at cleverbridge (Chicago, IL, United States) Software Engineer at Magoosh (Berkeley, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Baidu furthers AI push with acquisition of digital assistant startup Raven Tech 1 hour ago by Jon Russell Atomico closes on $765 million for its biggest fund yet 3 hours ago by Connie Loizos Crunch Report | Judge Rules CRISPR-Cas9 Belongs to Broad Institute 5 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Dorsey: Twitter still has “a long way to go” 6 hours ago by Katie Roof CRISPR-Cas9 inventor Jennifer Doudna’s plans on moving forward, genetically modifying humans 6 hours ago by Sarah Buhr Google teams up with Kaggle to host $100,000 video classification challenge 10 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois Reddit tweaks and renames public front page 10 hours ago by Devin Coldewey UK startup PawSquad brings the vet to your door, on demand 10 hours ago by Natasha Lomas Huawei said to be building its own voice assistant 11 hours ago by Brian Heater Elon Musk posts, then deletes, tweets calling Trump’s immigration ban “not right” 12 hours ago by Darrell Etherington
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A 7-year-old girl asked Google for a job and got a personal response from CEO Sundar Pichai Matt Weinberger Feb. 15, 2017, 2:03 PM 535,306 facebook linkedin twitter email print Chloe Bridgewater, who lives in Hereford, England, has a little more drive than most 7-year-olds. Fascinated by her Kindle Fire tablet and robots — and totally taken by the idea of working somewhere with bean-bag chairs, go-karts, and slides — Chloe decided to apply for a job at Google. Here's Chloe's letter, shared with Business Insider by her father, Andy Bridgewater: Andy Bridgewater Super cute, right? Imagine her surprise and delight when she got a letter back from the CEO of Google, Sundar Pichai, who encouraged her to follow her dreams. "I look forward to receiving your job application when you are finished with school! :)" he wrote. Take a look at the letter, shared in a viral LinkedIn post by Andy earlier this week: Andy Bridgewater (Business Insider has confirmed the veracity of the letter.) In that LinkedIn post, Andy said the letter was a much-needed confidence booster for Chloe, who was "knocked down" by a car years ago. Chloe Bridgewater with her dad, Andy. Andy Bridgewater Chloe's fascination with Google began recently, Andy told Business Insider, when she asked her father where his ideal place to work would be. Andy currently works in sales for a refrigeration-system parts manufacturer. "And I said, 'Oh, Google would be a nice place to work,'" he said, because of its world-famous perks and the cutting-edge work it does. When Chloe decided she wanted to work there, too, her father encouraged her to apply and "get the ball rolling," he said. All the attention garnered from Pichai's response has redoubled Chloe's drive to work for Google. Andy says his daughter now wants to find a way into the Silicon Valley-based company through going on TV and talking to the media. He's largely resisted, though, saying he wants her to focus on her studies and develop her skills. But Andy wants to brush up on his own technological skills to catch up with Chloe. "Sadly, I think I've got to up my game," he said. Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: Bill Gates once stayed up until 4 a.m. to write a game that Apple thought was 'embarrassing' NOW WATCH: The meteoric rise of Google CEO Sundar Pichai Loading video... More: Google Sundar Pichai Chloe Bridgewater Andy Bridgewater LinkedIn Perks Employee Perks Google perks facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A 7-year-old girl asked Google for a job and got a personal response from CEO Sundar Pichai A 7-year-old girl asked Google for a job and got a personal response from CEO Sundar Pichai Chloe Bridgewater, who lives in Hereford... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe Authors Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives Download our app Trudeau in Washington Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives Download our app Trudeau in Washington News Politics Economy Education Culture Society Work Multimedia Follow Us Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Anne Kingston Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Shannon Proudfoot Evan Solomon All Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   0 Google argues against ‘punitive’ tax proposal for digital media Last month, a report called on Ottawa to consider changing tax laws to favour Canadian news publishers in the digital advertising market Terry Pedwell, The Canadian Press February 15, 2017 Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Justin Tang/CP OTTAWA – Proposals for tax changes aimed at helping Canadian publishers fight for revenues with online news aggregators would result in a punitive “tax on advertisers,” executives from Google Canada and Facebook Canada told a Commons committee studying the country’s media industry. That’s because tax laws currently on the books designed to prop up the industry are archaic and simply don’t apply to the Internet age, Jason Kee, Google Canada’s head of policy and government relations, told the heritage committee Tuesday. Kee said he had concerns over how such changes would be implemented. “Long story short, it’s essentially a tax on Canadian advertisers,” he said. A report commissioned by the Department of Heritage and unveiled late last month called on Ottawa to consider changing tax laws to favour Canadian news publishers in the digital advertising market and use the new revenue stream to establish an independent, publicly subsidized journalism fund. The independent think-tank Public Policy Forum recommended that advertising with foreign-owned websites no longer be deductible under the federal Income Tax Act. The report, authored by former journalist Edward Greenspon, said that, by extending a 10 per cent withholding tax to commercials and advertising carried by foreign digital media, the government could create a new revenue stream of up to $400 million annually. MORE: Canadians support journalism. But who will pay for it? But Kee said that assumes a direct relationship between an advertiser and a publisher that doesn’t actually exist in the digital world, but which does for traditional media under a policy dating from the 1960s. “So as a result, a change in tax treatment could actually be punitive and there may not actually be an alternative (way to advertise),” he said. Facebook Canada’s Kevin Chan added that the committee should be asking Canadian advertisers what they think of the tax change proposal, suggesting they might shed more light on how the potential changes would affect them. The appearance by representatives of the social media aggregators was the first since both firms pledged to roll out tools in Canada designed to crack down on so-called “fake news.” Both Facebook and Google said they planned to unveil those tools in Canada soon — as they have already in the United States and elsewhere — to help users discern between credible news and what they term “misrepresentative content.” Chan told the committee the tools will be introduced slowly and will at first be “narrow in scope” over concerns that legitimate news might be deemed “fake news” after being flagged by users who simply might not agree with a story, even if it’s accurate. Heritage Minister Melanie Joly held consultations last fall where media industry representatives argued in favour of an Internet tax or at least a sales tax on streamed digital content to help pay for Canadian content. While Joly has insisted there would be “no Netflix” tax under the Liberal government, she has deferred questions about a potential sales tax to the Finance Department. MORE: Canadian news industry at a ‘crunch point’ report argues But a spokesperson for Finance Minister Bill Morneau said last month that expanding the Goods and Services Tax to Netflix was not in the works. Foreign-based streaming services are technically subject to sales tax on their Canadian sales, but no system has ever been established to collect the tax. Revenue for Canadian news content providers, including traditional media, has dwindled as advertising dollars shift to online news aggregator services. Pollster Allan Gregg at Earnscliffe Strategy Group, has said Canadians have enjoyed faster access to more content than ever before, thanks to the Internet, and don’t see a crisis in the news business. A majority of those he has polled are dead-set against taxpayers propping up the industry, Gregg added. Joly told the Canadian Media Producers Association earlier this month that Canadians she has heard from want all media providers to be treated equally, but they don’t want to see their Internet bills go up. “We have to bear in mind that Canadians are anxious about their cost of living,” Joly said. Joly has promised to unveil a cultural strategy this year aimed in part at bolstering job growth in Canada’s cultural sector, with an emphasis on cultural exports. The minister is also expected to announce soon the results of her wide-ranging review of Canada’s media and cultural industries. Joly’s office has called the shifts in news revenue streams “significant,” and said the government hopes its Canadian content consultations can help it assess how to best support the production of local, credible and reliable news and information. The heritage committee is expected to report to Parliament by spring. Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Filed under: Canadian media facebook Google Advertisement Advertisement    Post navigation Previous The most innocent explanation for Kremlingate. (It’s still bad.) Next Trump sons to attend hotel opening in Vancouver Leave a comment Hide comments Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Related stories Will Microsoft be LinkedIn's saviour? Don't bet on it. Google and Facebook pledge to crack down on fake Canadian news Chatbots, software butlers and digital assistants, oh my A $45B birth announcement Quebec adoptees use Facebook to question their origins Popular on Maclean's   1 of 2   The most chilling image from the Trudeau-Trump visit 13 comments When Trudeau sold out to the Trumps 12 comments The most innocent explanation for Kremlingate. (It’s still bad.) 4 comments WestJet pilot orders pizza for stranded Air Canada passengers Stuart McLean, host of ‘Vinyl Cafe,’ passes away Kevin O’Leary is still confusing debt with deficits 10 comments Daily Trump Tracker: Joe Trudeau? Not quite. 1 comment Debunking the myths you think you know about baby boomers 1 comment Why buy a city home when you can get a whole town instead? Trudeau’s (early) valentine to the Aga Khan 7 comments Top Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Contact Us Site Map Subscribe Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Macleans.ca newsletters Need to know Essential reading on the national conversation. Sign up for a daily dose of news, commentary and analysis from the always thought-provoking Maclean's newsroom.† Storyline Every Saturday, we'll send you our editor's picks of the best stories on Macleans.ca† From our partners Yes! I would like Maclean's to send me alerts, information, event notifications, special deals and promotions from our carefully screened partners that they feel may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 2001-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google Home and Amazon Echo could gain ability to make phone calls Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | February 15, 2017 22 shares 20 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               The Amazon Echo and Google Home already have quite a few tricks up their sleeves, but soon they may be gaining a big new one: the ability to act like a phone. Amazon and Google are considering adding the ability to make and receive calls to the Echo and Home, respectively, say sources speaking to The Wall Street Journal. The features could launch as soon as this year. While Amazon and Google are looking at adding phone calling functionality to their smart speaker devices, there are some concerns that they’ve got with such a feature. Those include privacy, telecom regulations, emergency services, and just the plain ol’ awkwardness that some people might feel about conducting a phone call on a speaker. Amazon is also reportedly working on its own set of issues, like getting the Echo to sync with your phone number or possibly just getting the Echo its own phone number. The ability to make phone calls on the Echo or Home would have its pros and cons. It could be handy to be able to just shout at your device to make a call like you do with other actions, especially if your smartphone isn’t nearby. However, conducting a phone call on your Echo or Home wouldn’t be private at all, so you’d have to be ok with everyone around you hearing every bit of your conversation. What do you think of this rumor? Would you like the ability to make phone calls with an Amazon Echo or Google Home? Source:  WSJ Android Rumors and Leaks Google Amazon Previous ArticleMoto G5 and Moto G5 Plus images and specs leak out Next ArticleHuawei P10 will make its debut at MWC 2017 Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Moto G5 and Moto G5 Plus images and specs leak out Huawei said to be creating its own mobile voice assistant Sony confirms SmartWatch 3 won't get Android Wear 2.0 update LG touts G6's 18:9 FullVision display and its special software features View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aristo LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal Z-320 ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details Twigby 200 Minutes and Unlimited Texts U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 5GB Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Unlimited Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Verizon (finally) launching unlimited data plan Logan Abbott 3 days 9 hours ago 718 shares 653 51 0 9 0 0 0 2 3 Samsung Galaxy S7: One Year Later Marco Hanna 1 week 4 days ago 5 shares 1 1 0 2 0 0 0 1 0 LG G6: 5 Things to Expect! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 4 days ago 10 shares 5 1 0 0 0 0 1 3 0 Honor 6X Review: Best Budget Smartphone? Marco Hanna 2 weeks 5 days ago 8 shares 3 3 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 16 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × HTC 10 15 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG V20 5 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 15 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 4 2 3 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG V20 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News Are you switching to Verizon OpenSignal report on US networks AT&T now offers VoLTE roaming AT&T to begin deploying 5G How much data do you use per month? T-Mobile now giving free year of AT&T launching International Sprint News Verizon vs. T-Mobile ' Are you switching to Verizon OpenSignal report on US networks RingPlus suing Sprint days before Sprint rolls out three-carrier Sprint reveals Super Bowl LI ad, Cell Phone Deals February 2017 T-Mobile News T-Mobile ditching HD day passes Verizon vs. T-Mobile ' T-Mobile adds HD video and 10GB of Are you switching to Verizon OpenSignal report on US networks Buy a Galaxy S7 or S7 edge from T- T-Mobile to give back what you pay Verizon Wireless Verizon vs. T-Mobile ' Verizon Wireless Offers Free T-Mobile adds HD video and 10GB of Verizon's return to unlimited Are you switching to Verizon Verizon (finally) launching Verizon's Total Mobile PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Google Cloud leader lays out ambitious plans for the enterprise Google Cloud leader lays out ambitious plans for the enterprise The head of Google’s enterprise business says the consumer giant has unique attributes in data management, analytics and machine learning that differentiate its cloud offerings. Matt Kapko (CIO (US)) 16 February, 2017 05:45 - - - - print email Comments The IT world is going through an unprecedented transformation that impacts how enterprises operate and leverage opportunities within mobile, data and the cloud, according to Diane Greene, senior vice president of Google Cloud. Greene has been leading Google’s enterprise business since late 2015, focusing much of her attention on reorganizing Google’s approach to the enterprise market and the big customers it wants to win over. “I’ve never seen the kind of growth that’s going on here,” she said this week during an appearance at the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference. Because of that, her biggest challenge is organizing and hiring for scale and she constantly has to declare just how serious Google is about becoming a force in the enterprise market. [ Related: Google cloud chief on tackling the enterprise ] Google says it was built for the enterprise While most of Google’s success comes from its consumer services and the advertising associated with those apps, Greene says Google was built to be a giant in the enterprise as well. “We have the cloud for the enterprise because the enterprise has to lean into data and that’s what Google was built for, so I feel very good about where we are and what we’re doing for people,” she said. “We’re highly reliable, we’re highly secure, we’re highly scalable and we have very good technical people to partner with companies, which is super valuable,” Greene said. “We’re kind of in the sweet spot of where customers are going and we’re seeing that confirmed over and over as we start working with more customers.” [ Related: Google upgrades G Suite with tools for IT pros ] Google has been inventing how to manage and quickly analyze massive amounts of data for 16 years, according to Greene. She also claims Google’s data centers operate more efficiently than its competitors and the company has built the most secure cloud on the planet. Google’s resources and expertise in machine learning are becoming a differentiating factor for Google’s efforts in the enterprise as well, Greene said. “Google’s been doing [machine learning] since before 2000… We arguably have the largest assemblage of machine learning experts,” she said. “A company that isn’t using machine learning is going to be, if not already, at a disadvantage.” Why enterprises are moving to the cloud Enterprises aren’t moving to the cloud just to save money, they’re also doing it to make their business more competitive, according to Greene. “A lot of people want to do machine learning, they want to do data analytics and they want to understand really how to stage their movement to the cloud,” she said. “The cloud is on everybody’s mind,” Greene said. “A lot of companies are dabbling in it but we are just at the very early stages of people moving [to the cloud].” [ Related: Google goes 'all-in' on enterprise cloud ] During 2017, Greene hopes to land more big customers who will showcase Google’s strengths in the enterprise cloud and encourage more businesses to make the move. “I hope that people will understand why we’re really the cloud for the next generation of enterprise and that won’t be a question in people's’ minds.” 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Google More about GoldmanGoogleTechnology Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Latest Jobs Digital Communications Manager NSW Group Director Information Services WA Senior Business Analyst - HRIS QLD Network Specialist - IPAM Telco VIC Project Manager - Adelaide based NSW Life/400 Resource - Permanent NSW Technical Support Representative NSW Project Scheduler VIC Technical and Client focussed Product Analyst QLD IT Procurement Officer NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​Humans playing big role in data breaches: report Updated: GHD boosts global business network, links 50 new remote sites ​Will ransomware attackers target critical infrastructure next? CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow CSO US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking What happens if your thermostat is hacked? Researchers name the top 7 security threats A.I. faces hype, skepticism at RSA cybersecurity show Bruce Schneier: Public-service technologists are needed to tame the IoT Yahoo warns users of account breaches related to recent attacks Computerworld South Australia aims to cut costs with CSC deal Regulated roaming ‘unambiguously bad’ for regional Australia, Telstra CEO says Digital and data drive earnings at Origin Energy Telstra registers profit drop in first half Microsoft quietly prolongs life of original Windows 10 ARN CSC wins landmark South Australian Government IT outsourcing deal New partners join Federal Govt's cloud services panel Digital growth drives $70M revenue for RXP Services “Intense” competition impacts Telstra’s financials Melbourne IT forks out for $67M Outware acquisition Techworld US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking 5G progress at Ericsson could help enterprises work worldwide A.I. faces hype, skepticism at RSA cybersecurity show Bruce Schneier: Public-service technologists are needed to tame the IoT Microsoft quietly prolongs life of original Windows 10 CMO CMO's top 8 martech stories for the week - 16 February 2017 Toyota gets a new CMO following Brad Cramb's departure Telstra sees dip in NPS, financial results How digital transformation opened a new customer segment for Kennards Hire Tourism Australia CMO: Data is about gaining efficiency in marketing Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Search for: About DCK Data Center World Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Companies White Papers Regions Infrastructure Design Power Cooling Green Modular Data Centers DCIM InfoCenter Servers Downtime Networking Sectors Cloud Computing Big Data Bitcoin Executive Government Supercomputing / HPC Managed Hosting Colocation Storage DCIM InfoCenter Webcasts Industry Perspectives Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles Data Centers Scrambling to Fill IT Skills Gap Data Center Market Kicks Off 2017 With Flood of Acquisitions Google Ramped Up Data Center Spend in 2016 A Cloud for the Artificial Mind: This Data Center is Designed for Deep Learning QTS Buys Large Dallas Data Center from Insurer HCSC Previous Article Switch Launches Its First Enormous Reno Data Center Next Article You Can Now Plug Directly Into Salesforce Servers at Equinix Data Centers Attendees at Google Cloud Platform Next 2016 conference in San Francisco in March viewing the 360-degree virtual tour of a Google data center (Photo: Yevgeniy Sverdlik) Cloud Computing, Google Google Turns Its Secret-Sauce Database Spanner into Cloud Service by Yevgeniy Sverdlik  on February 15, 2017 Add Your Comments Tweet As it hinted in January it was going to do, Google has productized Spanner, the database that has allowed it to run services consistently across millions of servers in data centers distributed around the world. While there is an open source version of a similar database in the works – being built by ex-Googlers at a startup called CockroachDB – the database on its own is not enough to make Spanner’s magic happen. Its key capability of keeping server clocks across the globe in sync is due to TrueTime, a system of atomic clocks and GPS receivers in Google data centers that is hard to achieve without the scale of Google’s infrastructure. The technology underpins some of the most critical Google services, such as AdWords, its biggest moneymaker, Gmail, and Play, its Android app store. Now, as the company is fighting to catch up to Amazon and Microsoft in the enterprise cloud business, it is making one of its key technologies available to cloud customers. Some of the early users are Quizlet, an online learning tool, and JDA, a retail and supply chain software company. According to Google, Cloud Spanner will be especially useful for retailers, manufacturers, and distributors who have to manage global supply chains and inventory. Financial services companies are another prime target market. Spanner addresses a tradeoff developers and database admins have been forced to deal with when building cloud applications: a choice between the transactional consistency of traditional databases and horizontal scalability of newer NoSQL databases. “Cloud Spanner breaks that dichotomy, offering both of these critical capabilities in a single, fully managed service,” Deepti Srivastava, product manager for the new cloud service, wrote in a blog post. In addition to scalability and consistency, Spanner ensures application availability, made possible through its ability to replicate data across many data centers around the world and keep all the copies up to date when changes are made at any end. The service is currently in Beta, but Google is charging customers $0.90 per compute node per hour and $0.30 per GB of storage per month, in addition to network bandwidth charges for data traveling outside of the database, between different US cloud regions, and between continents. Previous Article Switch Launches Its First Enormous Reno Data Center Next Article You Can Now Plug Directly Into Salesforce Servers at Equinix Data Centers Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Yevgeniy Sverdlik (1316 Posts) San Francisco-based business and technology journalist. Editor in chief at Data Center Knowledge, covering the global data center industry. Related Stories Big Data Google to Provide Its Internal NoSQL Database as a Cloud Service by Jason Verge on May 7, 2015 BigTable is a database behind Google's mission critical applications like Search, Gmail and Analytics Read More Featured etcd: the Not-so-Secret Sauce in Google’s Kubernetes and Pivotal’s Cloud Foundry by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on July 16, 2014 Inspired by Google’s data center tech, CoreOS’ key-value store forms part of Google’s open source container management tool Read More Google Google: No ‘Secret Sauce’ in Recipe for Efficiency by Rich Miller on May 11, 2011 Google's PUE ratings keep getting better, with one of its data centers hitting 1.09 in the 1st quarter. Google's Chris Malone says PUEs of 1.5 to 1.6 can now be achieved by data center operators using off-the-shelf equipment. "There'sno magic or secret sauce to get to these levels," said Malone. Read More Google Software: Google’s Secret Sauce? by Rich Miller on June 26, 2007 Software, not commodity hardware, is the magic to Google's scalability, according to one industry exec. Read More Google Software: Google's Secret Sauce? by Rich Miller on Software, not commodity hardware, is the magic to Google's scalability, according to one industry exec. Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM News Downtime HPC / Supercomputing Facebook Apple Microsoft Google Northern Virginia New York Silicon Valley North Carolina News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Virtualization Consolidation Open Compute Internet of Things Storage Convergence Disaster Recovery Managed Hosting Content Delivery Site Selection Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO Assembly Elections 2017 News » Technology ﻿ Google pushes HTTPS-based web security measures Last Updated: Thursday, February 16, 2017 - 00:28 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews Seoul: Emphasizing that major South Korean search engines are not much secure, the security director at Google said that a HTTPS-based website is a safer way to protect users from possible security attacks. "Top websites in (South) Korea that don`t support HTTPS are Naver and Daum. It`s not just a problem for (South) Korea but a challenge for the world and the developers," said Parisa Tabriz. Tabriz heads the team who protects Google Chrome and its billions of users from criminal hackers, Yonhap news agency reported. Google began adding security warnings for websites that do not use strong encryptions beginning in 2017, putting a clear "Not secure" warning next to online websites that use unencrypted HTTP connections rather than encrypted HTTPS connections. Tabriz said HTTP websites, which account for nearly half of the world`s websites, are vulnerable to attacks that Google calls in security terms, "man in the middle." "Encryption will give the security we need. HTTPS does not solve all security problems, but it provides a foundation for this," she said. As to some complaints that Google`s HTTPS policy may be expensive and time-consuming, the security expert said switching to HTTPS is not easy but necessary. "It is just a misconception that there is cost. It was true 10 years ago, but cost is no longer true for today," the Iranian-American hacker who protects Google said. "Without the HTTPS, there is no privacy. We also published a transparency report," she said, adding that HTTPS websites have steadily increased during the past one year with Google`s effort.  As for general security, she advised Internet uses not to reuse or use the same password for different websites since hackers know this, and they will attack the weakest website to obtain personal data. "Don`t login on shared computers and verify your account security setting," she added. With IANS Inputs First Published: Wednesday, February 15, 2017 - 13:40 More from zeenews   India Sushma Swaraj talks to US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson; India, US resolve to fight against terrorism Casteist remark against Cong leader: Hooda, son booked No political meaning in Taiwanese delegation's visit: India More from India World Australia's Church paid $213mn to abuse victims 8 women, 1 child killed in air raid near Yemen capital: Medics Britain's Labour Party faces backlash in working-class heartlands More from World Sports Virat Kohli, Steve Smith inspire England's newly appointed Test skipper Joe Root Eugenie Bouchard finally goes on blind date with John Goehrke after losing Super Bowl bet Virat Kohli posts romantic message for 'Valentine' Anushka Sharma on social media, deletes it from Twitter More from Sports Entertainment Jacqueline Fernandez keen on turning an 'action icon' in Bollywood! Jolly LLB 2 Box Office collections: Akshay Kumar's courtroom drama close to scoring a century! Deepika Padukone sits pretty in the front row at New York Fashion Week for Michael Kors! More from Entertaiment Health Delhi doctors lose license for six months after operating on patients wrong foot Hot flashes and weight gain during menopause: Here's why regular exercise is important Researchers develop magnetic implant to provide new drug delivery method More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed UP Assembly elections: Voting for 2nd phase in 67 constituencies today DNA: Sasikala surrenders before special court in Bengaluru Watch: PM Narendra Modi addresses public rally in Kannauj This is how Eman Ahmed, world's heaviest Egyptian woman, was brought to Mumbai Panel discussion on Kiren Rijiju's remark on Hindu population WATCH: When Virat Kohli took on third umpire and reversed his not-out decision to out LIVE: Tamil Nadu Governor appoints Edappadi K Palaniswami as CM; Panneerselvam says fight will continue SC convicts Sasikala in DA case: As it happened In case you missed it - Indian PSLV rocket lifts off with record 104 satellites (Watch it here) WATCH: MS Dhoni's video of crawling with daughter Ziva is winning the Internet Related News 7-year-old girl writes to Google CEO Sundar Pichai for job: Here's what he replied Google pips Apple to become worlds most valuable brand Google criticises Trump's immigration order, recalls travelling staff Powering India to Moon – TeamIndus among 5 finalists to compete for Google Lunar XPRIZE worth $30 mn Google Doodle marks India's 68th Republic Day TAGS Google HTTPS Naver Daum HTTPS-based website Online websites Photos Virat Kohli's Valentine Post For Anushka Sharma; Adah Sharma -Instagram DAY IN PICS - 16 February 2017 6 most expensive schools in India Top Videos Those helping terrorists will be dealt harshly: Army Chief Martyred Major Satish Dahiya spoke to his father just before encounter Tamil Nadu Governor invites Palanisamy to form govt Shocking! Bajrang Dal activists thrashed couples on Valentine's Day in MP's Jabalpur More from other Sections Red Beauty! Karun Nair's Valentine's photo will blow your mind away – SEE Pic PCB cancels 'Round Table Conference' with former greats following PSL spot-fixing scandal Pakistani actress Saba Qamar rips apart Bollywood actors in THIS throwback video! - Watch Rohan Mehra's latest Twitter video raises serious doubts over 'Bigg Boss' voting Bird flu: China's poultry markets shut as death toll rises Battle flu and cold with this supplement – Read contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info Careers WHERE TO WATCH Partner Site: DAILY NEWS AND ANALYSIS news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Badminton Football Tennis Other Sports business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with Toast’s real-wood cover for the Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [February 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: Lenovo’s new Yoga A12 Android tablet is just begging to be a Chromebook Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Five features that I want with the second-generation Google Pixel Trending in Google Corporate Google Home now supports over 70 apps and services, here are some of the most useful Trending in Google Corporate Hands on with Colorware’s new skins for Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Yesterday GOOG: 818.98 -1.47 CNET details the Google Pixel’s design: colors, button textures, and more Stephen Hall - Feb. 15th 2017 10:12 am PT @hallstephenj Android Google Pixel View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit CNET has today published a deep(ish) dive into the design of the Google Pixel, and it’s definitely worth a quick read if you’re as much of a fan of the phone as I am. The piece touches on a few things you might not know about the Pixel, like how the company decided on minor details like the texture of the power button: The team was careful not to choose anything too rough, but they also knew that anything too smooth would be pointless. After going through several iterations that included diagonal lines and triangles laid out in different patterns, Google landed on a diamond, crosshatch pattern. There’s also apparently a thin sheet of film beneath the glass of the blue and white models that creates a yellowish dichroic effect. I wasn’t aware of this touch until now: But beneath the glass on the Pixel’s blue and silver versions is a thin film that makes the glass reflect a soft yellow tint. Called a dichroic effect, it’s similar to the natural multicolored sheen of soap bubbles. And the black model apparently has a slightly different texture on the back as compared to the white and blue models: Unlike the satiny feel on the blue and silver, the black Pixel is grainier, rougher. The reason, again, was purely aesthetic. There’s also mention of Google’s thinking when it comes to colors. Apparently, the company ended up with the “Really Blue” we all have come to love partly because of its “polarity”. Google also explored many other colors for the third, more “fun” color before landing on blue: In its quest to find the perfect showcase color, the team brought in focus groups to evaluate different color samples and mock-ups. Dozens of colors were proposed, including an emerald green, a dusty purple, a deep yellow and a delicate baby blue. Head over to CNET to see some images of pre-production Google Pixel devices and read the full piece. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Google Pixel View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Champions League Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal: Champions League last 16, first leg – as it happened A gutless second half performance all but guaranteed Arsenal’s now traditional elimination at the first knockout stage Updated Play Video Arsène Wenger on Arsenal's 'nightmare' Champions League defeat to Bayern Munich – video Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Barry Glendenning @bglendenning Wednesday 15 February 2017 17.10 EST First published on Wednesday 15 February 2017 13.42 EST Key events Show 5.07pm EST 17:07 Match report: Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal 5.05pm EST 17:05 Arsene Wenger speaks ... 4.32pm EST 16:32 GOAL! Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal (Muller) 4.52pm EST 16:52 Meanwhile in Madrid ... 4.46pm EST 16:46 Same old Arsenal, always buckling ... 3.56pm EST 15:56 GOAL! Bayern Munich 2-1 Arsenal 4.39pm EST 16:39 Full-time: Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal Live feed Show 5.07pm EST 17:07 Match report: Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal Our chief football correspondent Daniel Taylor was at the Allianz Arena and typed his fingers to the bone to bring you this on-the-whistle match report. Enjoy ... Thiago Alcântara and Bayern Munich leave Arsenal staring into the abyss Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.05pm EST 17:05 Arsene Wenger speaks ... “It’s difficult to explain,” he says to BT Sport’s Des Kelly, when asked to explain where it all went wrong. “I think we were unlucky on the second goal - the referee gives a corner for us, the ball is on the pitch and we concede the second goal. I think the most important thing in the second half is we lost Koscielny very early and it looked like we collapsed. We mentally collapsed.” Asked if the loss of Koscielny is a good enough excuse, he adds: “Bayern is a better team than us. I have to say well done to Bayern ... they were better than us tonight. I felt the third goal was a killer for our players because after that we had no response. How I feel isn’t important, but of course it is disappointing. We need to recover and focus on our next game.” He looked seriously rattled and defeat in their next match: away at Sutton United in the FA Cup could finish him off altogether. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.52pm EST 16:52 Meanwhile in Madrid ... Real Madrid 3-1 Napoli: It’s far from the end of the world for Napoli, who’ll be happy enough going back to Italy with a 3-1 deficit. Perhaps not too happy, considering they took the lead through Lorenzo Insigne. Real Madrid put them back in their box with goals from Karim Benzema, Toni Kroos and Casemiro. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.46pm EST 16:46 Same old Arsenal, always buckling ... Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal: Arjen Robben Robben opened the scoring for Bayern Munich with an exquisite first-half strike, which was cancelled out by Alexis Sanchez in a first half that Arsenal were dominating towards the end. This dominance made their second half collapse all the more spectacular, as Bayern ran amok after the departure through injury of Laurent Koscielny. Robert Lewandowski, who bullied Mustafi all night, headed Bayern back into the lead and then the outstanding Thiago Alcantara added two more. Thomas Muller came off the bench to add a fifth for good measure and leave Gooners seething. Updated at 4.49pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.39pm EST 16:39 Full-time: Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal Peep! Peep! Peeeeeeeep! Arsenal are thrashed 5-1 at the Allianz Arena for the second time in two visits and can consider themselves lucky to have conceded just five. Having had Bayern in all sorts of bother at the end of a first half, they were torn apart in the second half. It was a gutless display, but that won’t come as any great shock to seasoned Arsenal-watchers. They’ll make all the right noises about trying to put things right in the second leg (they always do), but this team has no heart or backbone. They downed tools and gave up tonight. The Bayern Munich players celebrate their win in front of their fans. Photograph: Michael Dalder/Reuters Updated at 4.44pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.35pm EST 16:35 90+3 min: The camera cuts to Arsene Wenger on the Arsenal bench and he doesn’t look best pleased. My tentative guess is that he’ll blame this slaughter on what he saw to be a poor decision from the referee in the build-up to Bayern’s second goal. If he does, he’ll be mistaken on a number of levels, one of them being that the decision in question was correct. Updated at 4.58pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.32pm EST 16:32 GOAL! Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal (Muller) 88 min: Oh dear. Chamberlain gets caught in possession by Kimmich, who plays the ball across the edge of the Arsenal penalty area. It finds its way to Muller, who dummies, shuffles to his left and rifles the ball into the bottom left-hand corner. This is what Arsenal are reduced to now – a rehab facility for seriously out-of-form strikers who need to rebuild their confidence. Muller celebrates scoring number five. Photograph: Michaela Rehle/Reuters Updated at 5.00pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.30pm EST 16:30 86 min: Rafinha on for Arjen Robben. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.29pm EST 16:29 84 min: Bayern Munich substitutions: Joshua Kimmich on for Douglas Costa. Thomas Muller on for Robert Lewandowski. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.26pm EST 16:26 83 min: Finally, some good news for Arsenal: Philipp Lahm is booked for a foul on Oxlade-Chamberlain and will now miss the second leg. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.25pm EST 16:25 82 min: Costa tries to curl one in at the back post after great work by Thiago. Ospina saves brilliantly. Arsenal players look a collective beaten docket. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.24pm EST 16:24 80 min: Robben and Philipp Lahm wreak a little more havoc. Robben has a shot tipped behind for a corner, before the pair combine again down the right to win another one. Nothing comes of either. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.20pm EST 16:20 76 min: Arsenal last throw of the dice: Olivier Giroud on for Francois Coquelin. His first duty is to help defend a corner., from which David Ospina ends up getting a bang on the jaw as he dives at the feet of Lewandowski. Ospina makes the save from Lewandowski. Photograph: Matthias Schrader/AP Updated at 4.28pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.17pm EST 16:17 74 min: Bayern continue to put the hurt on Arsenal and their fans appeal for a penalty after a Mustafi challenge on Lewandowski in the penalty area. They don’t get one. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.16pm EST 16:16 72 min: Olivier Giroud is readying himself to come on for Arsenal. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.12pm EST 16:12 68 min: Ospina saves well again, throwing himself to his left to put a bouncing Vidal shot from distance around the upright. Arsenal substitute I haven’t had a chance to mention before this: Theo Walcott on for Alex Iwobi. Ian Wright (@IanWright0) We are a ******g shambles 😫 February 15, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.09pm EST 16:09 65 min: Prior to that goal, Bayern missed another couple of decent chances and had a penalty appeal turned down. Ospina got caught in no-man’s land and was lucky not to get caught out when Lewandowski lofted a chip on to the crossbar. Arjen Robben subsequently fired wide from a tight angle and screamed for a penalty as the ball went out for a corner off the hand of Gibbs. Ospina also had to make a brilliant save from point-blank range when Thiago sent a header his way from about five yards. What a difference the absence of Koscielny has made. Updated at 4.10pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.06pm EST 16:06 GOAL! Bayern Munich 4-1 Arsenal (Thiago) 63 min: Arsenal are in all sorts of disarray here and Thiago takes advantage. A corner drops to him on the edge of the penalty area and he drives the ball goalwards. His low effort takes a deflection and fizzes past the wrong-footed Ospina. Thiago celebrate scoring the fourth. Photograph: Odd Andersen/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 4.11pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.04pm EST 16:04 61 min: Granit Xhaka gets booked for a crude challenge on Xabi Alonso. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.04pm EST 16:04 60 min: It’s worth noting that in the immediate aftermath of Bayern’s second goal, Arsen Wenger gave the fourth official a load of abuse. Before the move that led to the goal, the referee had awarded Arsenal a corner before (correctly) changing his mind on the advice of a goal-line official. Wenger wasn’t happy. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.02pm EST 16:02 58 min: Thiago Alcantara has been outstanding tonight and deserves that goal. It was a wonderful team effort: from deep in midfield, Alonso played a low pass towards Lewandowski on the edge of the penalty area with his back to goal. He touched the ball around the corner with his heel, picking out a little run into space in the penalty area by Thiago. He finished with ease into the corner, giving Ospina little or no chance. Updated at 5.10pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.59pm EST 15:59 GOAL! Bayern Munich 3-1 Arsenal THIAGO! A brilliant goal from Bayern Munich, who lead by two goals. Thiago finishes just inside the left upright after getting on the end of a deft touch from Lewandowski. Thiago Alcantara scores number three. Photograph: Matthias Schrader/AP And Celebrates. Photograph: Odd Andersen/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 4.08pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.58pm EST 15:58 54 min: A goal from a wonderful counter-attack, where Lahm and Robben ripped Arsenal apart down the right flank once again. Lahm it was who lofted in the cross and drifting away from the penalty spot, Lewandowski rose higher than Mustafi and headed across the face of goal and inside the right post. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.56pm EST 15:56 GOAL! Bayern Munich 2-1 Arsenal LEWANDOWSKI! The big man heads Bayern into the lead after getting on the end of a Philipp Lahm cross from the right. Lewandowski scores the second for Bayern. Photograph: Alex Grimm/Bongarts/Getty Images Updated at 4.45pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.55pm EST 15:55 51 min: Bayern advance with Philipp Lahm on the ball and heading towards the penalty area. He’s surrounded by a swarm of uncharacteristically industrious Arsenal players, who block his effort to play the ball through to Robert Lewandowski. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.53pm EST 15:53 49 min: Arsenal substitution: Laurent Koscielny off with a hamstring injury. He’s replaced by Gabriel Paulista. Kieran Gibbs takes the armband. In better news for Arsenal, David Ospina is fit to carry on. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.51pm EST 15:51 48 min: Laurent Kocielny also looks to be in trouble and is holding his hamstring. He twanged that while chasing a through ball. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.50pm EST 15:50 48 min: David Ospina goes down near the touchline after haring out of his box to deal with a ball. He’s holding his shoulder and looks in considerable distress. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.49pm EST 15:49 46 min: Arsenal begin the second half as they ended the first: on the front foot. They huff and puff, but Alexis Sanchez runs the ball out of play under pressure when Hector Bellerin was in a good position to receive a cross if the Chilean had seen him. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.48pm EST 15:48 Second half: Bayern Munich 1-1 Arsenal 46 min: Both sets of players come out and take up position and eventually the match officials deign to join them. Bayern Munich kick off and there are no changes of personnel on either team. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.37pm EST 15:37 Some analysis: After a poor start, when it looked like they might be over-run, Arsenal have grown into this game. They’ve had five shots on target compared to Bayern’s three and they’re looking reasonably confident. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.34pm EST 15:34 Half-time: Bayern Munich 1-1 Arsenal It’s all square at the Allianz Arena: Arjen Robben fired Bayern ahead with a fine curled effort after being given the freedom of Munich to set himself up for a shot, but it’s advantage Arsenal after Alexi Sanchez who missed from the spot but eventually scored with his second follow-up effort. Wenger, after Robben’s goal. Photograph: Marc Mueller/Bongarts/Getty Images Updated at 3.36pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.31pm EST 15:31 45 min: Mesut Ozil shoots straight at Manuel Neuer from close range after being presented with a glorious scoring opportunity. He should have scored. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.30pm EST 15:30 44 min: Mats Hummels skims a header wide after a free-kick from deep is lofted towards the far post. Arturo Vidal, who had made a run from deep and was looking good to blast a header goalwards from three or four yards, almost certainly would have scored if Hummels hadn’t got in his way. Hummels heads wide. Photograph: Michael Dalder/Reuters Updated at 3.34pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.29pm EST 15:29 43 min: Lewandowski gets between Mustafi and Koscielney to meet a lovely cross from the left. Over the bar and a real let-off for Arsenal. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.27pm EST 15:27 41 min: Alexis Sanchez is looking very dangerous against Bayern’s ponderous and slow central defenders whenever his team are in possession. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is left puffing his cheeks out in frustration after spotting another dangerous run, but failing to play his team-mate in. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.26pm EST 15:26 39 min: Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain picks out a run from Granit Xhaka towards the edge of the penalty area with a cross from the right and tees up the Swiss international. His volley is sweet, but straight at Neuer, who finally manages to hold on to the ball. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.24pm EST 15:24 38 min: It may have taken him three bites of the kartoffelkloesse but Alexis Sanchez’s finish for that equaliser was outstanding. He had five defenders around him when he hooked his side into the most slender of leads in this tie. That away goal could be priceless. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.22pm EST 15:22 36 min: Chance! The ball’s half cleared and subsequently curled towards the byline, where Arturo Vidal has got in behind the Arsenal defence. He does splendidly to hook the ball back into the mixer, where Robert Lewandowski misses a fairly straightforward chance with his head. Updated at 3.22pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.20pm EST 15:20 35 min: Arjen Robben leads the protests as Bayern appeal for a penalty for handball as the ball hits Hector Bellerin’s hand. No penalty is forthcoming and Bayern have to settle for a corner. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.19pm EST 15:19 33 min: Alexis Sanchez gets booked for a foul on Javi Martinez after catching him late as the Bayern defender hacked a ball clear. Or at least appears to catch him late - replays suggest Martinez defender made a meal of the challenge. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.16pm EST 15:16 GOAL! Bayern Munich 1-1 Arsenal 30 min: Alexis Sanchez scores ... eventually. He takes the penalty and Neuer saves. The ball breaks to Sanchez, who takes an almighty swipe at it and misses it completely. At the third time of asking, under pressure from a defender with the ball bouncing away from the goal, he swivels on one foot and smashes diagonal volley into the bottom left-hand corner. Updated at 3.17pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.14pm EST 15:14 PENALTY FOR ARSENAL! 29 min: A Robert Lewandowski shove on Laurent Koscielny in the Bayern penalty area results in a spot-kick for Arsenal. Neuer saves the penalty from Sanchez. Photograph: Michael Dalder/Reuters Connects with the rebound. Photograph: Michael Dalder/Reuters And celebrates the equaliser. Photograph: Odd Andersen/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 3.25pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.13pm EST 15:13 28 min: Ozil takes the free-kick, curls it around the wall and into the arms of Neuer, who spills the ball. The ball doesn’t break kindly for an Arsenal forward and Bayern get away with what could have been a costly error. Updated at 3.28pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.12pm EST 15:12 26 min: Mats Hummels is penalised and booked for fouling Alexis Sanchez on the edge of the Bayern penalty area. Free-kick for Arsenal, inches outside the area, almost in line with the right side of the box. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.10pm EST 15:10 25 min: In tonight’s other match, it’s currently Real Madrid 1-1 Napoli. The Italians opened the scoring, but their hosts have equalised. You can follow that one by clicking on this link. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Champions League Bayern Munich Arsenal Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Champions League Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Google Android Reviews Mossberg: Android apps on Chrome OS arrive, disappoint The idea is great, but the execution needs work. by Walt Mossberg@waltmossberg Feb 15, 2017, 9:00am EST tweet share Linkedin Samsung VP Alanna Cotton introduced the Plus and Pro at a press conference in January. Samsung Welcome to Mossberg, a weekly commentary and reviews column on The Verge and Recode by veteran tech journalist Walt Mossberg, executive editor at The Verge and editor at large of Recode. About a year ago, I wrote a column suggesting what the major tech companies should try and accomplish in 2016. For Google, I said: “It would be pretty great if Chromebooks could, out of the box, run all Android apps — provided that, unlike on the recent Pixel C tablet, the Android apps were able to adapt better to a bigger screen.” I’m happy to report that the first Chromebook designed from the ground up to run Android apps out of the box has arrived, albeit a little past the end of 2016. It goes on sale this week for $450. It’s called the Samsung Chromebook Plus, and it runs on an ARM processor, the same type of processor that powers the vast majority of smartphones and tablets. It was designed in close cooperation with Google. Alas, in my tests of the Plus over the last few days, I found the Android execution frustrating. Google Play The Android app feature is still in beta, not all apps work, and too many of those that do run seem like awkwardly blown-up phone apps, not software that’s tailored for the Chromebook's 12-inch screen. And there are other issues. Of course, the Plus, which has a touchscreen and comes with a stylus, is still a Chromebook. That means it runs the Chrome OS along with Android apps. And, purely as a Chromebook, it’s very nice. Chrome OS, which is basically a browser that runs everything, including web apps, does fine on this model and its ARM processor. But if you’re looking for a laptop-style, bigger-screen version of your favorite Android phone, I can’t recommend the Plus now. Optimizing a large number of Android apps for the Chromebook is “going to be a long process, to be honest,” one Google official conceded, noting the beta label on the Google Play Store for the Chromebook. Samsung A second, very similar, new Samsung Chromebook, the Pro, is due out in April. The only significant difference between the two is that the Pro runs on a low-end Intel processor and costs $100 more. I tested it briefly, and found it to be even buggier in its current, very pre-release state. I won’t say much about the otherwise identical hardware on these two Samsung machines, since I think it’s the Google-driven Android / Chrome OS combo software that’s their key claim to fame. Their screens are vivid, sharp and responsive. As on many laptops, you can rotate the screen around so that the relatively thin, light, 2.4-pound laptop becomes a relatively heavy, thick tablet. The stylus fits nicely in a slot and works well for things like screen capture, taking handwritten notes and annotating images. The overall design isn’t especially sexy or sleek. The keyboard lacks a backlight, and the touchpad is a tad small. In my tests, battery life was just shy of eight hours, even with heavy web and app use and streaming a full-length movie. For a better understanding of the hardware (as well as his own take on the software), I recommend my colleague Dieter Bohn’s reviews of the Plus and the Pro. Android writ large. Um, no. Compared to running apps on a smartphone, or, more aptly, an iPad, the app experience on the Samsung Chromebook Plus is distinctly subpar. There are likely several reasons for this. Even though this laptop uses the same processor family most Android devices use, the apps are running atop Chrome OS. Google deserves credit for making this work at all, but it’s still a bit laggy and buggy. For instance, in one case I ran into, two Android apps on the Plus were open but unusable, because they kept blinking and jumping in front and in back of each other rapidly. This happened while I was on the phone with a Google exec who worked on the project. He said it was a known bug that will be patched this week. And there are other bugs. In my tests, Android apps just crashed or froze multiple times a day on the Plus. Even a hugely popular app like Facebook only loaded into part of the screen with an endless spinning circle in a blank right rail. And Google’s own Gmail crashed when I was attaching a photo to a message. Samsung But there’s a larger, more fundamental problem: Android apps, including Google’s own, are almost never designed to look right and run right on a large screen — even a standard-sized tablet, let alone a laptop. There are two elements to this. One is visual: Many Android apps look like blown-up phone apps. Some, like Google News & Weather and Google Docs, don’t seem to resize for the bigger screen, so they present a relatively narrow column of text swimming in unnaturally large borders. Others, like Facebook Messenger, stretch the text horizontally to fill the space, in a weird way that makes the type tiny. The other is functional: Most Android apps I downloaded to the Plus didn’t use the larger screens to add helpful extra panels or other UI elements, but still had the narrow, cramped UI of a phone screen. This is in stark contrast to the way iOS apps behave on larger iPad screens versus iPhone screens. For instance, on the iPad, Facebook Messenger has two panels — one for contacts and one for conversations. It doesn’t look like the single-column version on iPhones and Android phones — and on the Plus. That’s because Apple has long given developers the tools and the encouragement to do dual (or “universal”) versions of their apps, and its app store installs the bigger-screen versions on iPads. Samsung Google says it is working hard to do this, but it has been saying that for years. The company says it’s optimizing its own apps for the Chromebook and urging third parties to do the same. But, judging from the 20 or so well-known Android apps I tested, this process is just starting. The company conceded it had done special work to make several of its most popular Android apps, such as Gmail and Google Calendar, look and work well. But it also said that it believes most Chromebook users will still use many productivity apps like these in the browser. Another issue: In tablet mode, apps are always full screen. You can’t create the multi-app views or even narrow sidebar views of apps that you can on an iPad or a Windows tablet. Google says this will be possible in a future release. Bottom line If you buy the Chromebook Plus and intend to use it mainly as a Chromebook, I expect you’ll have a good experience. But if you plan to rely heavily on Android apps, you’re basically buying into the start of a journey, replete with odd-looking presentations of familiar apps, bugs and crashes. You can certainly go along with Google and Samsung on this journey, but I can’t recommend that for a mainstream Android lover who just wants things to work right. Subscribe to the Recode Newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Go recode_divider In this Storystream Mossberg: All the Walt that’s fit to print Mossberg: Android apps on Chrome OS arrive, disappoint Mossberg: Flipboard is redesigning itself around ‘smart’ digital magazines View all 52 stories Next Up In Google Watch a supercut of Google’s event announcing its Pixel phones, Home and Daydream VR headset Google's hardware event was really all about its AI software Liveblog of Google’s hardware event Google's hardware chief says the Pixel will hold its own against the iPhone Google tailored its fabric Daydream headset for VR first-timers Trending Facebook is rolling out job postings and applications Why won’t Uber just add a tipping option? Verizon could shave up to $350 million off its Yahoo deal and shift liability for future breaches Washington Post’s Marty Baron: ‘We’re not at war with the administration, we’re at work’ Dubai is planning to launch autonomous, one-passenger drone taxis this summer More Trending Newsletters Recode Daily Top stories of the day. Recode Event Updates Our signature events sell out quickly. Be amongst the first to know. Recode Product Updates Special series, exclusive interviews and new features. Enter your email address By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 41. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Alphabet Google Comings and Goings Alphabet is sending hundreds of staff from its internet access unit to Google by Tess Townsend The subsidiary, called Access, also has a new CEO. Podcasts Recode Media with Peter Kafka Full transcript: ‘Hit Makers’ author Derek Thompson on Recode Media by Recode Staff The science of popularity. Transportation Drones Dubai is planning to launch autonomous, one-passenger drone taxis this summer by April Glaser@aprilaser There’s no one flying the aircraft. Facebook Social LinkedIn Facebook is rolling out job postings and applications by Kurt Wagner Hey, LinkedIn! Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Skip to content Naked Security Computer Security News, Advice and Research sophos.com Free Tools Go Award-winning computer security news Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed News in brief: Nokia to reboot iconic phone; AI assistants set to do voice calls; Yahoo, Verizon ‘agree price’ 15 Feb 2017 0 Amazon, Android, Google, Mobile, news in brief, Privacy, Windows phone Post navigation Previous: Government focuses on young people to tackle cyberskills shortage Next: RSA 2017 – Day 2 – Roving report [PODCAST] by Kate Bevan 0Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit Your daily round-up of some of the other stories in the news Welcome back, Nokia 3310 Nokia, the Finnish mobile phone-maker that used to dominate the market, is set to stage a comeback at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona at the end of the month – with, it’s rumoured, a revamp of its most iconic and beloved device, the Nokia 3310 (pictured above). Nokia sold its handset division to Microsoft in 2013 for €5.4bn, and Microsoft swiftly dropped the Nokia name when it launched its decent but unloved Windows Phone devices, retaining only the Lumia brand. However, Microsoft sold the Nokia brand name to HMD, formed by former Nokia workers, in May last year, paving the way for new devices with the venerable name. HMD is due to launch several Nokia-branded devices, including the Android-based Nokia 6, which is already available in China, and, according to rumours, a reboot of the classic 3310. There’s no word yet on whether the 3310 will sport the iconic Nokia ringtone or Snake, one of the earliest mobile-phone games. Amazon and Google mull voice calls for AI devices The march of the AI assistants into our homes continues, with both Google and Amazon reported to be considering adding a voice-call functionality to their respective devices, the Google Home and the Amazon Echo and Dot. Both tech giants are bidding to own this particular product space, as the devices tap in to the rich seams of data to help both companies sell their respective products. There are technical issues to overcome, not least of which is the infrastructure required for voice calls, and here Google is probably out in front as it already offers VOIP technology with Hangouts and Google Voice in the US. Sophos Home Free home computer security software for all the family Learn More Amazon, however, coincidentally or otherwise, has this week debuted its Chime service, intended as a competitor to Skype and other conferencing apps. However, Amazon has grabbed the early-mover advantage, getting its Echo and Dot devices into millions of homes over the past few months, while Google has yet to get its Google Home devices launched outside the US. Of course, there are privacy concerns with this plan: do you really want everyone you share a home with to hear your calls, and do you really want Amazon and Google scraping data from your phone calls? Still, it might put an end to missing calls because you can’t find your phone if all you have to do is shout to answer a call. Verizon and Yahoo ‘agree reduced price’ Verizon and Yahoo are reported to be close to agreeing a reduced price for the former’s purchase of the latter. The deal, originally priced at $4.8bn, seemed to be stalled after Yahoo reported its second giant data breach at the end of last year. Bloomberg reported that the agreed price could be reduced by about $250m, with Verizon and what’s left of Yahoo after the deal, to be named Altaba, sharing any continuing legal liabilities arising from the breaches. Yahoo had already said that the sale would be delayed until the second quarter of this year as it continued to assess the fallout from the breaches. Catch up with all of today’s stories on Naked Security Follow @NakedSecurity Follow @katebevan AI Amazon Google Nokia verizon yahoo Free tools Sophos Home for Windows and Mac XG Firewall Home Edition Mobile Security for Android Virus Removal Tool Antivirus for Linux Post navigation Previous: Government focuses on young people to tackle cyberskills shortage Next: RSA 2017 – Day 2 – Roving report [PODCAST] About the author Kate Bevan Kate is the editor of Naked Security. She's been writing and talking about technology and security for more years than she cares to count. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Recommended reads Jun20 by John Zorabedian 11 Google and Microsoft want to kill your phone if it’s stolen. Do you feel safer? Apr28 by Naked Security writer 0 Monday review – the hot 26 stories of the week Apr24 by John Zorabedian 5 Microsoft devours Nokia and charges ahead with Windows Phone 8.1 Sep16 by Paul Ducklin 3 PWN2OWN for mobile devices – $300,000 in prizes for stealing data, eavesdropping or making covert calls Sep04 by Paul Ducklin 8 Nokia is dead. Long live Nokia! Aug01 by Chester Wisniewski 8 Black Hat – Don’t stand so close to me: An analysis of the NFC attack surface SOPHOS About Naked Security About Sophos Send us a tip Cookies Privacy Legal Network Protection XG Firewall UTM Secure Wi-Fi Secure Web Gateway Secure Email Gateway Enduser Protection Enduser Protection Bundles Endpoint Antivirus Sophos Cloud Mobile Control SafeGuard Encryption Server Protection Virtualization Security Server Security SharePoint Security Network Storage Antivirus PureMessage Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed © 1997 - 2017 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google Image Search Traffic Drops Outside The US Google Image Search Traffic Drops Outside The US Feb 15, 2017 • 7:56 am | (4) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story A WebmasterWorld thread has SEOs and webmasters upset about a recent drop in traffic from Google Image search. It is the same type of complaints when Google redesigned image search in 2013. Not all countries saw that redesign and traffic for the countries that didn't get the redesign did not change much. It seems that Google France, Google Germany and many many other local versions of Google has recently adopted the new design. When Google launched that new design for image search they had to tell webmasters it is better for them even though many were not happy. In any event, it seems it has been pushed out to other countries now and they are noticing huge declines in Google traffic. Of course, Google argued the traffic they initially saw was not real traffic but how Google sourced the image from their site while still on Google search. Here are some of the comments from the thread: Has anyone noticed that image search traffic has vanished I think it happened sometime between Tuesday and Wednesday when traffic from images.google.fr, images.google.de, and other international image searches just all of a sudden disappeared. Someone mentioned that they rolled out the new image search design to those countries? (As in, they used to show the actual page vs. making users click a button now) Is this true? My images aren't being removed, they are still there, its just the referrer traffic that is gone. I mean its not a huge deal even though it is like 8% of my traffic because that traffic had like a 90% bounce rate. I am surprised they didn't do this earlier, why wait 3+ years? Maybe there were legal issues? Update: The data anomalies page now has a note about this, but not sure if this is the direct issues? February 7 – Ongoing (Germany and France only) A logging issue is causing loss of image search data for image searches originating from Germany and France. This issue effects only the Search Analytics data, not image presence in Google Image Search. Forum discussion at WebmasterWorld. Previous story: Google: Read Your Content Out Loud, If It Sounds Strange, It Might Not Rank Well   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 02/10/2017 08:53 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Report: Verizon Wants $250 Million Off the Yahoo Deal Understanding the Google Image Search Traffic Drops Digital Point Forums $10 one badge Keyword Ranking Suggestion?? Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars APPS Google Search adds new plant and animal facts for trivia geeks Ken Yeung@thekenyeung February 15, 2017 10:23 AM Tags: Google, Google News, Google Search Above: At a Google office in San Francisco. Image Credit: Jordan Novet/VentureBeat Have you ever wondered where hamsters got their name? Did you know that pink roses are used to express gentle emotions? These are some fun facts that Google wants to surface and hopefully provide you some knowledge for that “I didn’t know that!” moment. Starting today, the search company will provide these interesting tidbits around living creatures, such as plants, animals, fruits, and vegetables. All you have to do is type your query and “fun facts” and it’ll show up at the top of the results page. Above: Corgi fun facts as displayed in Google Search. Image Credit: Screenshot The fun facts are shown within the featured snippets section. Depending on the inquiry, you might also see additional questions that others have asked, such as the above search about corgis. In the screenshot, you’ll see that others have asked whether these dogs have a tail, bark a lot, the different types, and whether they shed. Google didn’t provide much information about why it implemented fun facts, but it seems reasonable to assume that it serves to further the company’s mission of providing knowledge to the billions of people around the world. But it also add fuel to people’s inquisitive nature in that it could cause a drive to learn even more, resulting in additional searches, and likely more ad dollars for Google in the process. It’s one thing to get right to the information you want, but it’s another to add some flair to the results. And while these fun facts are being added, they aren’t taking anything away from the normal search results you’d get. It seems that you have to add the phrase “fun facts” to your search query in order to get these trivia facts, because when I looked up just “corgi,” it displayed the default search page. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Your next home phone may be an Amazon Echo or Google Home – CNET Posted on February 15, 2017 by CNET Smart, cloud-connected speakers like the Amazon Echo and the Google Home are finding their way into more and more living spaces. Now, the Wall Street Journal has reported that Amazon and Google are exploring ways to let you use the voice-activated … Google Home & Amazon Echo May Support Voice Calls SoonAndroid Headlines How Google Home, Amazon Echo Will Become Your Home PhoneMediaPost Communications Paid Search, Phone Calls Coming To Amazon Echo, Google Home?Investor’s Business Daily TIME -9to5Google -Investopedia -International Business Times all 21 news articles …read more wrote 26746 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News 7-year-old asks for Google job, Sundar Pichai tells her to finish school – India Today LG teases the G6’s UX 6.0: Multi-window support, squares, and rounded corners – Android Police Amazon Wants To Help Make Your Home Smart – Forbes India’s Tata Motors, Microsoft ink technology collaboration deal – Reuters Atomico closes on $765 million for its biggest fund yet – TechCrunch Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Jump to navigation Listen Live News Talk Sports Traffic  BREAKING NEWS: Roughriders sign free agent Chad Owens // READ MORE Google argues against 'punitive' tax proposal for digital media Previous Article Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward  Next Article By The Canadian Press February 15, 2017 - 11:48am OTTAWA — Proposals for tax changes aimed at helping Canadian publishers fight for revenues with online news aggregators would result in a punitive "tax on advertisers," executives from Google Canada and Facebook Canada told a Commons committee studying the country's media industry. That's because tax laws currently on the books designed to prop up the industry are archaic and simply don't apply to the Internet age, Jason Kee, Google Canada's head of policy and government relations, told the heritage committee Tuesday. Kee said he had concerns over how such changes would be implemented. "Long story short, it's essentially a tax on Canadian advertisers," he said. A report commissioned by the Department of Heritage and unveiled late last month called on Ottawa to consider changing tax laws to favour Canadian news publishers in the digital advertising market and use the new revenue stream to establish an independent, publicly subsidized journalism fund. The independent think-tank Public Policy Forum recommended that advertising with foreign-owned websites no longer be deductible under the federal Income Tax Act. The report, authored by former journalist Edward Greenspon, said that, by extending a 10 per cent withholding tax to commercials and advertising carried by foreign digital media, the government could create a new revenue stream of up to $400 million annually. But Kee said that assumes a direct relationship between an advertiser and a publisher that doesn't actually exist in the digital world, but which does for traditional media under a policy dating from the 1960s. "So as a result, a change in tax treatment could actually be punitive and there may not actually be an alternative (way to advertise)," he said. Facebook Canada’s Kevin Chan added that the committee should be asking Canadian advertisers what they think of the tax change proposal, suggesting they might shed more light on how the potential changes would affect them. The appearance by representatives of the social media aggregators was the first since both firms pledged to roll out tools in Canada designed to crack down on so-called "fake news." Both Facebook and Google said they planned to unveil those tools in Canada soon — as they have already in the United States and elsewhere — to help users discern between credible news and what they term "misrepresentative content." Chan told the committee the tools will be introduced slowly and will at first be "narrow in scope" over concerns that legitimate news might be deemed "fake news" after being flagged by users who simply might not agree with a story, even if it's accurate. Heritage Minister Melanie Joly held consultations last fall where media industry representatives argued in favour of an Internet tax or at least a sales tax on streamed digital content to help pay for Canadian content. While Joly has insisted there would be "no Netflix" tax under the Liberal government, she has deferred questions about a potential sales tax to the Finance Department. But a spokesperson for Finance Minister Bill Morneau said last month that expanding the Goods and Services Tax to Netflix was not in the works. Foreign-based streaming services are technically subject to sales tax on their Canadian sales, but no system has ever been established to collect the tax. Revenue for Canadian news content providers, including traditional media, has dwindled as advertising dollars shift to online news aggregator services. Pollster Allan Gregg at Earnscliffe Strategy Group, has said Canadians have enjoyed faster access to more content than ever before, thanks to the Internet, and don't see a crisis in the news business. A majority of those he has polled are dead-set against taxpayers propping up the industry, Gregg added. Joly told the Canadian Media Producers Association earlier this month that Canadians she has heard from want all media providers to be treated equally, but they don’t want to see their Internet bills go up. "We have to bear in mind that Canadians are anxious about their cost of living," Joly said. Joly has promised to unveil a cultural strategy this year aimed in part at bolstering job growth in Canada's cultural sector, with an emphasis on cultural exports. The minister is also expected to announce soon the results of her wide-ranging review of Canada's media and cultural industries. Joly's office has called the shifts in news revenue streams "significant," and said the government hopes its Canadian content consultations can help it assess how to best support the production of local, credible and reliable news and information. The heritage committee is expected to report to Parliament by spring. — Follow @tpedwell on Twitter Terry Pedwell, The Canadian Press Note to readers: This is a corrected story. A previous version incorrectly attributed paragraphs 2, 3 and 8 to Facebook Canada's Kevin Chan, and paragraph 10 to Google Canada's Jason Kee, and also misattributed the word 'punitive' in the headlines to Facebook. ©2017 The Canadian Press Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward Topics:  National Join the Discussion 650 CKOM is happy to provide a forum for commenting and discussion. Please respect and abide by the house rules: Keep it clean, keep it civil, keep it truthful, stay on topic, be responsible, share your knowledge, and please suggest removal of comments that violate these standards. See full commenting rules. View the discussion thread. Listen live News Talk Sports Traffic Weather Search Local Provincial National International All Topics RSS Feeds The Brent Loucks Show 6:00am 8:30am Gormley 8:30am 12:30pm Saskatchewan Afternoon 1:00pm 3:00pm The Green Zone 3:00pm 6:00pm All Shows Schedule Podcasts On Demand Contests Events Adopt A Family Auction Insider The Green Zone Game Day with Wray Prime Time Sports Riders Local Provincial National Traffic Updates Highway Hotline Report a Pothole Latest Traffic Feb 15 Road Work For Wednesday Feb 14 Road Work For Tuesday Feb 13 Road Work For Monday loading weather... © 650 CKOM . All Rights Reserved. Contact  //  Rss  //  Rules  //  ToS  //  Privacy
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register February 16th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Google argues against ‘punitive’ tax proposal for digital media Poll Have you ever attended a show put on by Lethbridge’s New West Theatre group? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Terry Pedwell, The Canadian Press on February 15, 2017. OTTAWA – Proposals for tax changes aimed at helping Canadian publishers fight for revenues with online news aggregators would result in a punitive “tax on advertisers,” executives from Google Canada and Facebook Canada told a Commons committee studying the country’s media industry. That’s because tax laws currently on the books designed to prop up the industry are archaic and simply don’t apply to the Internet age, Jason Kee, Google Canada’s head of policy and government relations, told the heritage committee Tuesday. Kee said he had concerns over how such changes would be implemented. “Long story short, it’s essentially a tax on Canadian advertisers,” he said. A report commissioned by the Department of Heritage and unveiled late last month called on Ottawa to consider changing tax laws to favour Canadian news publishers in the digital advertising market and use the new revenue stream to establish an independent, publicly subsidized journalism fund. The independent think-tank Public Policy Forum recommended that advertising with foreign-owned websites no longer be deductible under the federal Income Tax Act. The report, authored by former journalist Edward Greenspon, said that, by extending a 10 per cent withholding tax to commercials and advertising carried by foreign digital media, the government could create a new revenue stream of up to $400 million annually. But Kee said that assumes a direct relationship between an advertiser and a publisher that doesn’t actually exist in the digital world, but which does for traditional media under a policy dating from the 1960s. “So as a result, a change in tax treatment could actually be punitive and there may not actually be an alternative (way to advertise),” he said. Facebook Canada’s Kevin Chan added that the committee should be asking Canadian advertisers what they think of the tax change proposal, suggesting they might shed more light on how the potential changes would affect them. The appearance by representatives of the social media aggregators was the first since both firms pledged to roll out tools in Canada designed to crack down on so-called “fake news.” Both Facebook and Google said they planned to unveil those tools in Canada soon – as they have already in the United States and elsewhere – to help users discern between credible news and what they term “misrepresentative content.” Chan told the committee the tools will be introduced slowly and will at first be “narrow in scope” over concerns that legitimate news might be deemed “fake news” after being flagged by users who simply might not agree with a story, even if it’s accurate. Heritage Minister Melanie Joly held consultations last fall where media industry representatives argued in favour of an Internet tax or at least a sales tax on streamed digital content to help pay for Canadian content. While Joly has insisted there would be “no Netflix” tax under the Liberal government, she has deferred questions about a potential sales tax to the Finance Department. But a spokesperson for Finance Minister Bill Morneau said last month that expanding the Goods and Services Tax to Netflix was not in the works. Foreign-based streaming services are technically subject to sales tax on their Canadian sales, but no system has ever been established to collect the tax. Revenue for Canadian news content providers, including traditional media, has dwindled as advertising dollars shift to online news aggregator services. Pollster Allan Gregg at Earnscliffe Strategy Group, has said Canadians have enjoyed faster access to more content than ever before, thanks to the Internet, and don’t see a crisis in the news business. A majority of those he has polled are dead-set against taxpayers propping up the industry, Gregg added. Joly told the Canadian Media Producers Association earlier this month that Canadians she has heard from want all media providers to be treated equally, but they don’t want to see their Internet bills go up. “We have to bear in mind that Canadians are anxious about their cost of living,” Joly said. Joly has promised to unveil a cultural strategy this year aimed in part at bolstering job growth in Canada’s cultural sector, with an emphasis on cultural exports. The minister is also expected to announce soon the results of her wide-ranging review of Canada’s media and cultural industries. Joly’s office has called the shifts in news revenue streams “significant,” and said the government hopes its Canadian content consultations can help it assess how to best support the production of local, credible and reliable news and information. The heritage committee is expected to report to Parliament by spring. – Follow @tpedwell on Twitter Note to readers: This is a corrected story. A previous version incorrectly attributed paragraphs 2, 3 and 8 to Facebook Canada’s Kevin Chan, and paragraph 10 to Google Canada’s Jason Kee, and also misattributed the word ‘punitive’ in the headlines to Facebook. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google and Amazon both considering adding calling to assistant devices +3,733 Ashley King Feb 15th, 2017 According to a new report from The Wall Street Journal, both Google and Amazon want to bring more functionality to their digital assistant speaker devices, with both companies’ exploring ways in which the devices can make phone calls. It’s a feature that customers have been asking to see in the devices for a while, but regulatory issues, access to emergency services, and user experience for the device are all reported to have given some pause to the development of the feature. Despite all that, the report says calling could arrive for both Google Home and Amazon Echo this year. CNET reached out to both Google and Amazon about this report to see if they could get a comment. Google stated they’re always continuing to work on new updates for Google Home, but had nothing to share on this time. The Amazon spokesperson said the company doesn’t comment on rumors and speculation. How do you feel about the ability to make phone calls with a personal assistant? It’s not so different than what’s available already with Google Now, Siri, Cortana, and a ton of other digital assistants on your phone, so asking a speaker to make the call for you seems like the next logical step in that evolution of devices. local_offer    Amazon   Amazon Echo   Google   Google Home   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (2) stars Further Reading New Google Phone app teardown reveals RCS calling features The 128GB Black Pixel XL is back in stock YouTube update brings new content suggestion to fullscreen videos Google under investigation for anti-competitive practices with Android Google Assistant is coming to Sony Bravia TVs stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertGet a free pizza from T-Mobile and Papa John's closeGet some free pizza courtesy of Papa John’s and T-Mobile Tuesdays Starting on February 14th, and lasting for 4 weeks, T-Mobile has partnered with Papa John’s to give T-Mobile Tuesday users a free large pizza and 25% off regular menu orders. 2 more_vertThe Moto G5 Plus has been leaked in its entirety closeThe Moto G5 Plus has been confirmed after showing up via an online retailer The upcoming Moto G5 Plus has been leaked in its entirely after the device was published through an online retailer. The listing confirms many of the rumors regarding the device. 3 more_vertYou can now purchase the 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T closeYou can now purchase the 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T, but you’ll have to wait The 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T is now available for purchase, despite the device not shipping for 8 days. The 128GB variant is priced at $479, compared to $439 for the 64GB version. 4 more_vertDEAL: Get a tablet for free from T-Mobile closeT-Mobile is offering 2 free tablets for joining T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile is offering either a free Samsung Tab E or LG G Pad X 8.0 when purchasing the tablet through installment plans and signing up for T-Mobile ONE with at least 6GB of data. 5 more_vertVerizon brings back unlimited data plans closeVerizon surprisingly reintroduces Unlimited Data plans starting at $80 per month Verizon has announced it will be introducing an unlimited data plan for $80 per month, starting tomorrow, February 13th. 6 more_vertHow to remove apps closeHow to remove unwanted apps from your Android phone If you’re using an Android phone that isn’t a Pixel, there’s a pretty good chance it came with a bunch of pre-loaded apps that you have no intention of ever using. Thankfully, you can now remove almost any app. 7 more_vertHow to turn off screen overlay closeWhat to do when you get the annoying “screen overlay detected” message Android has gotten a lot more user-friendly over the years, but there are still some things that can leave users scratching their heads. One of the most annoying recent Android problems is the “screen overlay detected” message. 8 more_vertGoogle and Amazon prepare to battle it out in 2017 closeGoogle may have to play catchup with Amazon’s Alexa Amazon’s Alexa stole the show at CES 2017 and this may be cause for concern for Google’s planned expansion of Google Assistant. 9 more_vertPre-order the Samsung Chromebook Plus closeThe new Samsung Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order The Samsung Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order for $499 from Amazon, Best Buy, Newegg, and the Google Store. The Chromebook Plus launches on Feb. 13th. 10 more_vertEverything we know about the LG G6 closeHere’s everything we know so far about the LG G6 With Mobile World Congress 2017 looming, we take a look at all of the rumors surrounding the LG G6 and what could be coming from LG’s 2017 flagship. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AI Google releases TensorFlow 1.0 with new machine learning tools Jordan Novet@jordannovet February 15, 2017 10:09 AM Tags: Alphabet, artificial intelligence, deep learning, Google, TensorFlow Above: TensorFlow Dev Summit 2017 at Google headquarters in Mountain View, California. Image Credit: Jordan Novet/VentureBeat At Google’s inaugural TensorFlow Dev Summit in Mountain View, California, today, Google announced the release of version 1.0 of its TensorFlow open source framework for deep learning, a trendy type of artificial intelligence. Google says the release is now production-ready by way of its application programing interface (API). But there are also new tools that will be part of the framework, which includes artificial neural networks that can be trained on data and can then make inferences about new data. Now there are more traditional machine learning tools, including K-means and support vector machines (SVMs), TensorFlow’s engineering director, Rajat Monga, said at the conference. And there’s an integration with the Python-based Keras library, which was originally meant to ease the use of the Theano deep learning framework. And there are now “canned estimators,” or models, Monga said, including simple neural networks to start using quickly. Time for an update: what does the deep learning library landscape look like, seen from GitHub? pic.twitter.com/QDZyvLrYBd — François Chollet (@fchollet) February 11, 2017 Plus, soon Google will open-source code that will multiply the speed of TensorFlow — specifically version three of Google’s Inception neural network model — by 58. And TensorFlow is getting support for the Hexagon digital signal processor (DS) that comes on Qualcomm’s Snapdradon 820 mobile chip and its Dragonboard 820c board. And there’s now a experimental TensorFlow compiler (XLA) to just-in-time (JIT) compile a graph down to assembly language that fits the underlying computing infrastructure. And there’s an experimental Java API as well, according to the version 1.0 release notes. And a debugger, too. Google first introduced TensorFlow in 2015, and the broader community has gradually added features including distributed training, support for the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS), and the good-humored Parsey McParseFace language parser. Google offers the Cloud Machine Learning service that makes it possible to run TensorFlow on Google’s cloud infrastructure. By the end of March, Google will not only release new benchmarks to show how TensorFlow stacks up compared with other deep learning frameworks, but will also release the models it’s using to perform the benchmarks, engineering director Megan Kacholia said. A blog post has more on the news. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with Toast’s real-wood cover for the Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [February 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: Lenovo’s new Yoga A12 Android tablet is just begging to be a Chromebook Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Five features that I want with the second-generation Google Pixel Trending in Google Corporate Google Home now supports over 70 apps and services, here are some of the most useful Trending in Google Corporate Hands on with Colorware’s new skins for Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Yesterday GOOG: 818.98 -1.47 VoIP phone capabilities might be coming to Google Home later this year Abner Li - Feb. 15th 2017 8:23 am PT @technacity Google Home View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Since launch, Google Home has added a slew of new capabilities, mostly in the form of integrations with smart home appliances and other online services. The latest feature coming to Google’s smart speaker assistant might be the ability to make and receive phone calls. According to the Wall Street Journal, Google is working on such phone functionality that could launch later this year. The feature would reportedly use voice over IP (VOIP). Notably, Amazon with its Echo competitor has also been working on similar functionality since last year, though has faced some delays. While the Echo already allows users to send SMS messages with AT&T, Google has the clear advantage due to its decade-long work on such services like Hangouts and a relaunched Google Voice. Both companies are facing similar issues in adding a legacy feature to Home, notably concerns over telecom regulations and dealing with emergency services. Specifically, VoIP does not allow for calling 911 and emergency services in general require that a monthly $1 fee be paid by either the user or Google. Additionally, privacy issues are inherently tied with the awkwardness of having a conversation over a speaker phone. The WSJ notes one source of hesitation being “consumer anxiety over speaking on a device that has the ability to record conversations.” Guides Google Home View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Change Country United States United Kingdom Germany Featured Sections Video Fashion Beauty Living Health Entertainment Tech News Follow Us Video The Skinny Style Out There Shatterbox Anthology Trying Living With Lucie Womanhood 60 Seconds To Fit All R29 Series Fashion Styling Tips Designers Street Style Trends Celebs & Influencers College Shopping Boutiques Beauty How To Videos Hair Nails Makeup Skin Care Fragrance Celebs & Influencers Beauty Prep School Living Travel Home Food & Drinks Work & Money Weddings Health Trends Diet & Nutrition Fitness Sex Spirit Entertainment News TV Movies Books & Art Music Pop Culture Red Carpet Tech News Vote Your Values Election 2016 Culture People U.S. News World News Follow refinery29 Refinery29 uk de Now Reading 10 Little-Known Google Search Hacks The Coolest Google Search Hacks You've Been Missing Out On Madeline Buxton February 15, 2017, 5:40 PM See All Slides Begin Slideshow Once upon a time, there was no way to instantly search for an image, location, and fact at the touch of a button. Google, of course, changed all that when it officially launched in 1998, spawning a world where you could go online to find something out, instead of reaching for the encyclopedia. Mind. Blown. In the years since, the little search engine that could has expanded far beyond its basic look-up function, becoming the predominant map and email tool most of us couldn't imagine living without. But there are still plenty of useful updates being made to core Google search tools, including a new "fun fact" feature launching today. And, as with Snapchat and Facebook Messenger, many of Google's most fun hacks are the ones that are less obvious. Did you know that you can flip coins, get front row fashion show seats, and play games, all from the Google search bar? Or that you can go incognito when looking up something you'd prefer be seen by your eyes only? Ahead, we've rounded up 10 little-known features you can take advantage of now. Ok Google, show me what I've been missing. Begin Slideshow Go Back Living More from Tech 7-Year-Old Asked The "Google Boss" For A Job & Got This Response Tech Amelia Edelman 4 hours ago How To Travel Like A Pro Best Apps Madeline Buxton 10 hours ago If You Want To Hear Back About A Job, Add This To Your Email Tech Madeline Buxton 12 hours ago These Women Are Dispelling "Women In Tech" Stereotypes Tech Christina Bonnington Sep 16, 2016 Internet Explodes After Most Recent Trump-Russia Allegations Tech Michael Hafford Feb 15, 2017 Should You Be Concerned About "Dark Posts" On Your Facebook Feed? Tech Madeline Buxton Feb 14, 2017 People Were Not Pleased With This Twitter Change Tech Madeline Buxton Feb 14, 2017 The First Trailer For Apple's New Reality Show Is Here & We Are Obsessed Tech Madeline Buxton Feb 14, 2017 This Is What Your Dating App Photos Really Convey Tech Madeline Buxton Feb 14, 2017 Donald Trump's Mar-A-Lago Phone Security Is A Terrifying Joke Tech Michael Hafford Feb 14, 2017 Everything You Need To Know About The New iPhone 8 Rumors iPhone Madeline Buxton Feb 13, 2017 11 Tips That Will Make You A Google Maps Expert Tech Madeline Buxton Feb 13, 2017 The Dating App Bios It's Time To Bid Farewell To Tech Madeline Buxton Feb 13, 2017 Activia's New Campaign Is A MAJOR Win For Girls Who Code Tech Caroline Stanley Feb 13, 2017 © 2016 Refinery29 Terms Privacy About Press Advertising Jobs Feedback R29 News Site Map RSS By using our service, you agree to our Terms (effective 2/07/2017) and Privacy (effective 2/07/2017). REFINERY29 name & logo and R29 logo are trademarks of Refinery 29 Inc.
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Security How Duo Beyond wants to remove the network perimeter and get rid of the VPN Ruoting Sun, of Duo Security, reveals how Duo Beyond makes Google-style BeyondCorp trusted web access available to any enterprise, challenging the traditional approach to security. By Andy Wolber | February 15, 2017, 8:27 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus BeyondCorp concept: authenticate all access to apps by user and device, without a VPN. Image: Andy Wolber / TechRepublic The traditional enterprise approach to security relies on a network perimeter. Employees outside the company access the network via a VPN. Once authenticated and inside the network, the trust level tends to increase. More about IT Security Video: Top 5 cybercrime vectors IoT security: What you should know, what you can do (free PDF) Cybersecurity in 2017: A roundup of predictions But the BeyondCorp approach, pioneered by Google, offers a bold new approach to enterprise web app security. All apps require authentication, with different levels of verification required for each user, app, device, and/or account. (For background details, see: BeyondCorp: Borderless security for today's mobile workforce) In February 2017, Duo Security announced the first commercial availability of Duo Beyond, a BeyondCorp-style security-as-a-service offering. Prior to the launch, around 100 customers from the technology, retail, e-commerce, and other sectors had participated in a private beta test of the service. Ruoting Sun, the product marketing manager who is leading the Duo Beyond launch, spoke with TechRepublic contributor Andy Wolber about the service and approach. TechRepublic: How would you describe Duo Beyond and the BeyondCorp approach? Ruoting Sun: Google was obviously a pioneer in saying that it is not effective to build access security policies with this inherent level of trust that our corporate network—or anything within our firewalls—is any safer than the public internet. The challenge, obviously, is that Google is a multi-billion dollar corporation with hundreds of people in security. So, how do you take what they've done and make it a reality for organizations as small as 50-100 users, as well as to other organizations with thousands or hundreds of thousands of users? We developed Duo Beyond to make it commercially feasible for organizations of any size to be able to get to a Beyond-Corp style security model. TechRepublic: How does the login experience work for an employee? Ruoting Sun: Part of the BeyondCorp model is around making sure that there is good multi-factor authentication, and that there is a consistent user experience with a single sign-on portal. We will check all the usual things: Multi-factor authentication to verify the user identity, as well as all sorts of device hygiene checks—whether the device is up-to-date, whether it has malicious applications installed on it, or whether it is lacking security configurations, as well as the ability to detect whether or not that device has a certificate on it. And we'll enforce those policies, which can be created by an administrator at the application level, specific to a role or particular group. All of the things that we're talking about here are pretty much transparent to the end user. If all of these checks work out, they log into their application like any normal single sign-on process. Only in the event that one of these checks does not work out, or their device triggers a certain policy violation, do we then show warnings to the end user or take an action to block them. TechRepublic: How does this differ from the traditional VPN access model? Ruoting Sun: We see this as a better model for access security. It removes the friction of having to do traditional network segmentation, which gets really ugly with different policies for different VLANs, firewall routing, etc. All of that is taken care of with this approach. We're getting rid of this concept of the network perimeter. You access the application through Duo and you're able to create these policies at an application level, rather than at the network level. What is new in the Duo Beyond edition is really two capabilities: The ability to detect if a device is managed or not through the availability of a Duo certificate on that device, and the ability to treat internal applications the same way that you would treat a cloud application. TechRepublic: And what changes with Duo Beyond for an administrator? Ruoting Sun: We saw a lot of organizations putting together a hodge-podge of four or five different combinations of technologies in place to address this use case. People were deploying complicated NAC solutions to protect their corporate network, CASB products to cover their cloud apps, and client certificates to mark the endpoints; and so it was really an ugly deployment. You're talking about having to manage four or five different interfaces, deploy four or five different things, pay for four or five different products, and it just wasn't scalable. First, we wanted to solve the problem of putting certificates on devices. Most customers had to deploy their own key infrastructure in order to roll-out certs to endpoints. We make this easier by hosting a public key infrastructure for our customers, so they can just use the Duo certificate infrastructure. Then, they can deploy the Duo certificates via whatever enterprise asset management tool they have. Then, on the enforcement side, all of those policies are configurable within the admin panel for Duo. So you don't need to buy a network access control solution, or a separate solution for your cloud applications. All of those policies are configured right from your Duo interface, regardless of whether that application lives on premises, or on someone else's cloud. TechRepublic: From a technical perspective, exactly what does an administrator need to do to make Duo Beyond work for an internal web app? Ruoting Sun: Basically, a customer would publish an internal web application to be accessible externally. There are some DNS changes, obviously, that need to be made in order for that application to be available from the internet. For example, you would go to your internal wiki, like Confluence, and make it to be accessible outside of your corporate network and VPN. And then you would put the Duo Network Gateway in front of that, so that any access requests hitting those applications are automatically redirected and forced to authenticate via the Duo Network Gateway. TechRepublic: Does Duo Beyond also authenticate access to traditionally installed apps, such as a database app installed on an on-premise server? Ruoting Sun: At this time, we're able to support any web based application. Right now, the certificates are browser-based certificates and are tied in at the user level. As long as our authentication prompt can load, we can detect the presence of the cert, no matter if it is a cloud app or an internally hosted application. We are looking into supporting non-web based applications as well. TechRepublic: Are there any other risks or benefits customers see? Ruoting Sun: Our customers are able to significantly reduce their attack surface. In the past, if you had an organization of 5,000 people and you were paying VPN licenses for everybody, you had basically a remote access attack surface of 5,000 endpoints that are out there. All the attacker would have to do would be to steal the credentials of any one of them and be able to remotely access your VPN and network. Your attack surface is effectively every single VPN client running out there. In this model, it's completely different, because you're getting rid of this concept of having a bunch of free floating VPN clients in the wild, and you're limiting the access to each individual application, and enforcing policies for each individual application. You're removing 75-80% of your attack surface and VPN license count. A lot of customers have told us that the logging and reporting that we provide is beneficial both from an internal audit perspective and also from a compliance perspective. We have customers that are using our authentication logs and endpoint data to fulfill ISO 27002 requirements around organizational asset management or to fulfill PCI DSS requirements. How do you handle trusted access to internal and external web apps at your organization? Let us know in the comments or on Twitter. No need to search for the latest Google news. Subscribe now to our Google Weekly newsletter. Subscribe Also see BeyondCorp: Borderless security for today's mobile workforce (TechRepublic) Duo Security announces U2F authentication support (ZDNet) 10 common network security design flaws (TechRepublic) Free tool helps your IT team assess phishing risks (TechRepublic) The end of the corporate network is coming (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Andy Wolber Andy Wolber helps people understand and leverage technology for social impact. He resides in Ann Arbor, MI with his wife, Liz, and daughter, Katie. Full Bio Contact See all of Andy's content Google+ @awolber × Full Bio Andy Wolber helps people understand and leverage technology for social impact. He resides in Ann Arbor, MI with his wife, Liz, and daughter, Katie. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks Inside Amazon's clickworker platform: How half a million people are paid pennies to train AI How K9s became a secret weapon for solving high-tech crimes How driverless cars will be the first robots we learn to trust #WeAreNotWaiting: Diabetics are hacking their health Latest From Tech Pro Research Electronic communication policy Quick glossary: Robotics Hiring kit: Data architect Drug and alcohol abuse policy Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
A Glimpse Into How Much Google Knows About Russian Government Hackers A 2014 leaked private report from Google shows how much the internet giant knows about government hacking groups. In October of 2014 an American security company revealed that a group of hackers affiliated with the Russian government, dubbed APT28, had targeted Georgia and other Eastern European countries in a wide-ranging espionage campaign. Two and a half years later, APT28—also known as "Fancy Bear" or "Sofacy"—is a household name not just in the cybersecurity industry, but in the mainstream too, thanks to its attack on the US Democratic party and the ensuing leaks of documents and emails.   Before that report by FireEye, APT28 was a well-kept secret within the cybersecurity industry. At the time, several companies were willing to share information about the hacking group. Even Google investigated the group, and penned a 40-page technical report on the hacking group that has never been published before. Read more:  How Hackers Broke Into John Podesta and Colin Powell's Gmail Accounts This sort of document, which Motherboard obtained from two independent sources, may be a common sight in the threat intelligence industry, but the public rarely gets to see what such a report from Google looks like. The report draws from one of Google's most interesting sources of data when it comes to malware and cybersecurity threats: VirusTotal, a public malware repository that the internet giant acquired in 2012.   Sofacy and X-Agent, the report read, referring to the malware used by APT28, "are used by a sophisticated state-sponsored group targeting primarily former Soviet republics, NATO members, and other Western European countries." "It looks like Google researchers were well aware of Sofacy before it was publicly disclosed."  While Google security researchers don't dwell into who's really behind these operations, they do hint that they agree with the now widespread belief that APT28 works for the Russian government in a clever, indirect, way—in the very title of the report: "Peering into the Aquarium." While that might seem like an obscure title, for those who follow Russian espionage activities, it's a clear reference to the headquarters of the military intelligence agency known as GRU or Glavnoye Razvedyvatel'noye Upravleniye, which are popularly known as "The Aquarium." "It looks like Google researchers were well aware of Sofacy before it was publicly disclosed," Matt Suiche, a security researcher and the founder of Comae Technologies and the OPCDE  conference, told Motherboard in an online chat after reviewing the report. "And also attributed Sofacy and X-Agent to Russia before it was publicly done by FireEye, ESET or CrowdStrike." In its report Google security researcher note that APT28 attacks a large number of targets with its first-stage malware Sofacy, but only uses the more tailored and sophisticated X-Agent, which was recently used against Ukraine's military units, for "high-priority targets." "Sofacy was three times more common than X-Agent in the wild, with over 600 distinct samples," Google's report stated. Asked for comment, a Google spokesperson said via email that the company's "security teams are constantly monitoring potential threats to internet users, and regularly publish information to better protect them." The report noted that Georgia had the highest ratio of submissions of Sofacy malware, followed by Romania, Russia and Denmark. While this report is now a bit dated, it shows that for all its sophistication, APT28 has been often caught in the act of hacking politically interesting targets, betraying the origin of the hackers behind the dry nickname. It also reveals how much a company like Google, which doesn't have software installed on thousands of customers computers like other antivirus and security vendors that is designed to specifically detect malware, can still learn a lot about government hacking groups thanks to the other data it has access to. Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter .
Twitter Facebook Follow us: Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media Tools Advertise 75% of Multilingual Websites Have Hreflang Implementation Mistakes SEO February 15, 2017 SEO Anna LebedevaFebruary 15, 2017 160SHARES 333READS 160SHARES 333READS Anna Lebedeva 160SHARES 333READS As your business grows, you need to adapt your strategy to new circumstances and widen your company’s reach. If you want to expand your online presence to new markets, you need a thorough, well-planned international SEO strategy. In 2011, Google introduced the hreflang attribute to help website owners and developers increase their site’s visibility to users in multiple countries. When you create similar content in several languages that is specific to different local audiences, it’s worth using the hreflang attribute to show Google which language you are using on a specific web page. This element helps the search engine understand the lingual and geographical targeting of your website. As a result, the right language or country version of your cross-annotated web pages will appear in the correct local version of Google. In other words, the hreflang attribute enables you to speak to your target clients in different countries in their language. As a result, if your visitors see the right language version of your content, it will help reduce your bounce rate and improve your conversions. However, it is surprising how often we come across mistakes and misconceptions about how to implement hreflang. Without proper hreflang implementation, you can’t tell Google which of your web pages to index and display for a particular country. For its latest study, SEMrush analyzed 20,000 websites that have multiple language versions and found that 75% of websites have at least one hreflang implementation mistake. The aim of the research was to draw SEO specialists’ attention to hreflang implementation issues and help them understand their potential threat. The study was run with the SEMrush Site Audit tool. It checked the websites according to approximately 50 parameters and offered 13 checks for hreflang implementation. During our research we found that the average multilingual website has around seven language versions, and it means that we analyzed sites with a vast amount of pages. We expected that the frequency of mistakes would be high, but were genuinely surprised that the actual number of hreflang mistakes were that high! Below you can find the results. Hreflang conflicts within a page source code – 58% Here we listed hreflang implementation issues related to page source code conflicts. Fifty-eight percent of all analyzed multilingual websites have the following issues: No self-referencing hreflang tag If a webpage doesn’t contain a self-referencing hreflang in its set of hreflang attributes, those attributes may be ignored or interpreted incorrectly by Google. Conflicting hreflang and rel=canonical tags If you use canonical tags and hreflang tags together improperly, you should make sure to specify a self-referential canonical tag. More than one URL is specified for the same hreflang value If more than one URL is specified for the same language and country, Google will not understand which page should be indexed for this language version and will ignore all of them. Issues with incorrect hreflang links – 37% If the hreflang points to the page that doesn’t exist (4xx HTTP status code) or redirected, or you are using a relative URL instead of an absolute URL, Google will index these pages incorrectly, or won’t index them at all. Thirty-seven percent of multilingual websites have issues with incorrect hreflang links: Hreflang link points to redirected page If your hreflang link points to a webpage that is redirected, the new page may not get indexed or even appear in search results. If your hreflang link points to a webpage that is redirected, the new page may not get indexed or even appear in search results. Broken hreflang link If your hreflang link points to a URL that returns a 4xx or 5xx HTTP status code, it will be ignored by the search engine. Relative links Google can misinterpret relative URLs and, as a result, they might not be indexed. Potentially missing hreflangs – 32% We noticed that about 32 percent of the analyzed websites have different sets of languages on different webpages. We assume that some hreflangs may not be specified on web pages deliberately. Nevertheless, it’s worth double checking that all your pages have the required hreflangs. Hreflang language mismatch  – 21% If you make a typo or use the wrong language code when you specify the page’s language, Google will get a wrong signal and interpret your hreflang attribute incorrectly. Our research showed that on 21 percent of the websites, the language value is different from the languages that we detected. Issues with hreflang values – 15% The final category includes a list of issues with hreflang values. When you’re adding hreflang codes to your web pages, you can use the incorrect country and language codes by accident. You need to use ISO 639-1 format for the language code and ISO 3166-1 Alpha 2 format for the country code. Fifteen percent of multilingual websites have these hreflang values issues: Unknown language code If the language code in your hreflang attribute is not in ISO 639-1 format, Google will ignore your hreflang attribute. Unknown country code There is another format for the country code in a hreflang attribute–ISO 3166-1 Alpha 2. So, if you are not sure which code to use, it’s best to double check. Underscores used Using underscores to separate language and country values in a hreflang attribute is a mistake. Instead, hyphens should be used.  Only country code is used When using a country code, you must always provide a correct language code as well. Country code alone is a mistake. Invalid order of hreflang values We noticed that in some cases values in hreflang attribute are specified in reverse order. A language code must always precede a country code. An important part of any international SEO strategy is ensuring that the right content is being displayed to the right audience, based on their language and country. To effectively target international online audiences, you need to figure out how to use hreflang attributes correctly and avoid the hreflang implementation mistakes that we described.   Image Credits Images by SEMrush Related Posts How to Use “hreflang” for Multilingual Websites How to Use HREFLang Correctly: An Interview with Bill Hunt 18 Plugins to Speed up Your Google Analytics Implementation Quit Designing Websites That Look Good & Start Creating Websites That Work ADVERTISEMENT Bio Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Latest Posts Anna Lebedeva Head of Media Relations at SEMrush Anna Lebedeva is the Head of Media Relations at SEMrush. She has a passion for SEO, digital marketing, new technologies and media. @@DigitalAnya Anna Lebedeva Latest posts by Anna Lebedeva (see all) 75% of Multilingual Websites Have Hreflang Implementation Mistakes - February 15, 2017 3 Powerful Ways to Expand Your Keyword List - December 9, 2016 Download: The Beginner's Guide to SEO A Complete Guide to Getting Started in SEO. Invalid email address.   Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: SEJ Summit 2017 Upcoming Event: Chicago See all SEJ Summit Conferences #SEJThinktank Webinar Link Building Metrics: Managing Projects and SEOs Wed. February 22nd, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast How to Avoid Digital Burnout See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts Popular Posts 1 DuckDuckGo Hits Milestone 14 Million Searches in a Single Day 80.3K reads 1/19/2017 2 2017’s Four Most Important Ranking Factors, According to SEO Industry Studies 18.1K reads 2/3/2017 3 Content Is King: The Greatest Lie Ever Told in SEO 8.3K reads 2/2/2017 4 4 Cool Ways Raspberry Pi Is Transforming Technology 7.8K reads 2/4/2017 5 9 Digital Marketing Tools You Can’t Live Without 7.5K reads 1/31/2017See All Popular Posts [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 3 enterprise-strength file sync services to check out Smartphone CPUs put desktops to shame Quarter of firms can't fill open infosec positions 10 super-user tricks to boost Windows 10 productivity More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Enterprise Applications Review Smackdown: Office 365 vs. G Suite productivity Can you really use Google’s G Suite instead of Microsoft Office? Here's how they compare on Windows, MacOS, iOS, Android, and Chrome OS By Galen Gruman | Follow Executive Editor, InfoWorld | Feb 15, 2017 9:19 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Become An Insider Sign up now and get FREE access to hundreds of Insider articles, guides, reviews, interviews, blogs, and other premium content. Learn more. Latest Insider 3 enterprise-strength file sync services to check out Smartphone CPUs put desktops to shame Quarter of firms can't fill open infosec positions See all Insider Google has been trying for years to get businesses to abandon Microsoft Office in favor of what it now calls G Suite, the collaboration-oriented trio of Google Docs, Sheets, and Slides, plus companion apps Gmail and Drive. Microsoft has long been the productivity standard-bearer, with Word, Excel, and PowerPoint, supplemented by Outlook and most recently OneDrive. G Suite promises a very low price for businesses, availability anywhere via web browsers, and of course its standard-setting collaboration tools. But can you really base your business on G Suite? We decided to find out through a series of comparisons. This one focuses on the productivity tools that form the core of the Office and G Suite, um, suites. [ Office 365 is now ready to deploy across all your clients. InfoWorld shows you: How to make document sharing really work in Office 365. • What works and what doesn’t in Office 365 collaboration • What works in Outlook on Windows, MacOS, iOS, and Android. • How to migrate to Office 365. ] One big shift that G Suite presaged was a multiplatform work world. Google relies largely on web browsers to deliver that experience, though it uses native apps in iOS and Android mobile devices. By contrast, Microsoft has focused on its native apps, recently extending them to iOS and Android; however, it also offers browser versions with limited capabilities. Due to those different mixes, G Suite is much simpler than Office 365 to deploy and navigate. But as a result of its web orientation, G Suite is also a much less capable set of tools than Office 365 is. For many organizations willing to leave Office behind, the question is whether they can rely on the productivity subset that G Suite offers. To help you make your decision, we’ve put together tables on the following pages that show which suites support which key features on which platforms. (We’ve excluded table-stakes features they all support, like cut and paste and text formatting.)  To continue reading this article register now Get Free Access Learn More   Existing Users Sign In You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Why fake news is a huge threat to democracy and both Apple and the rest of us need to respond Trending in Apple W1 Bluetooth wireless headphones compared: Apple AirPods, Beats Solo3, Powerbeats3 & BeatsX Trending in Apple Top BeatsX features: A hands-on look at the highly anticipated W1-powered earphones [Video] Trending in Apple Comment: Unless Apple pulls a rabbit from the hat, inductive wireless charging is too little too late Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: Higher power output turned my Mac into a charging hub for my holiday Trending in Apple Feature Request: Tidy up the iOS status bar, declutter icons and hide carrier name Yesterday AAPL: 135.51 0.49 9to5Toys Last Call: WD 4TB External Hard Drive $95, NETGEAR 802.11ac Router $67, Bose iOS Headphones $90, more Trevor Daugherty - Feb. 15th 2017 9:30 am PT @trevorjd14 Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Canon takes the wraps off the new Rebel T7i DSLR, a 24MP camera that still lacks 4K video ‘Neuron’ is a super kid friendly system for building smart gadgets using modular blocks PUMA’s annual Private Sale takes off up to 75% off pants, shoes, accessories and more from $13 Twelve South’s ParcSlope MacBook/iPad stand gets a matte black makeover, available today Caavo is a gorgeous 4K set-top box designed to bring all of your content into one tidy package Go touchscreen with the Dell 13.3-inch XPS Notebook (refurb) for $1,000 shipped (Orig. $2,099) Why walk if you can take a hoverboard? The Self-Balancing EPIKGO Sport is down to $479 Organize your kitchen with the Zelancio magnetic knife holder for $25 Prime shipped (Reg. $35) This 13-inch Running Mega Man Statue is $90 off today: $130 shipped (Reg. $220) Get yourself a semi-bespoke Google Pixel skin in leather/wood/metallic finishes from just $26 Green Deals: cert. refurb Black + Decker 13A 20-inch Electric Lawn Mower $120, more Pick up a brand new Magic Chef Mini Fridge today for just $110 shipped (Reg. up to $160) Best Buy extra $25 off $100+ w/ Visa Checkout: WD 4TB Ext. Hard Drive $95, Powerbeats3 $125, Google Home $104, more Amazon 1-Day Networking/Storage Sale from $20: NETGEAR Dual Band Router $67, 2-Pack Kingston 32GB Thumb Drives $23, much more Bose SoundTrue II Around-Ear Headphones for Apple devices: now on sale for $90 shipped (Reg. $120+) Apple’s robust 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar + Kensington USB-C Dock: $2,179 shipped ($2,579 value, Tax NY only) Apple iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case in Black or White: on sale for $85 shipped (Reg. $99) Verizon announces trade-in program that nets a free iPhone 7/Plus or Google Pixel (and others) for new Unlimited users 9to5Rewards: Grado’s Brooklyn-made SR325e Over-Ear Headphones [Giveaway] The entire GO Trilogy on iOS for just $2 today: Hitman, Lara Croft and Deus Ex (Reg. $5+) Infinity Blade 2 on iOS is available for free today for the first time in over 6 months (Reg. $7) LEGO Batman Beyond Gotham for iOS gets its very first price drop: $1 (Reg. $5) App Store Free App of the Week: Chameleon Run and its high-paced platforming go free MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Daily Deals: Dell UltraSharp 24-inch 1080p Monitor w/ USB 3.0 Hub $200, Westinghouse 40-inch 1080p HDTV $155, more Smartphone Accessories: Mpow Universal Bike iPhone/Android mount $10, more Timbuk2’s Leader Backpack has room for a 15-inch MacBook and more: $40 (Reg. $79) Games/Apps: Xbox One S Minecraft Bundle from $210, iOS freebies, more VUDU ‘Psycho Savings’ sale gets you 3 HD horror titles to own for just $15: Bates Motel, more Light up the lawn with Mpow Solar Lights: Owl Spotlight $24 (Reg. $30), more Luma’s Wi-Fi System will take your network to the next level: 2-pack $249 (Reg. $299) Deals for the at-home chef: Blue Apron Three Meal Bundle $27 (Reg. $60), and more Stock up on style this week – 50% off everything at J.Crew Factory You can grab a 1-year sub to Architectural Digest w/ digital iPad access for just $6 + more Keep your brews cold on the go: Stanley 64-ounce Steel Growler and Vacuum Pint for $19 MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: LG’s 55-inch OLED UHDTV lets you enjoy your favorite movies and shows in stunning 4K for $1,399 shipped (Reg. $2,000) Harman Kardon’s 7.2-Ch. A/V Receiver does it all: 4K, AirPlay, Bluetooth and more for $250 shipped (Orig. $550) Document the action: certified refurb GoPro HERO4 Silver Edition Camera for $200 shipped (Orig. $400) Canon Pixma All-In-One Color Printer is only $19 Gift Card Deals: up to $10 in free Best Buy money TP-Link 802.11ac Wi-Fi Range Extender $23 11-inch Electric Farberware Skillet is under $10 Fujitsu Rechargeable Battery Kit $25.50, more Keyton Portable Ice Maker for $70 (Orig. $250) Vera Bradley’s Campus Backpacks for $30 (Reg. $50) Mpow Thor Bluetooth Headphones $19, more Brenthaven Collins Shoulder Bag: $20 (Reg. $55) Eddie Bauer Sale: save up to 40% off sitewide Cuisinart 12-Piece Advantage Knife Set w/ blade covers $15 Stainless steal Apple Watch band $12 Prime shipped Logitech’s Advanced Harmony Touchscreen Remote $200 Vantrue 1080p Dash Cam $53 or  X1 for $80 Numark Mixtrack DJ Controller $99 (Reg. $150) 27″ 1080p Monitors w/ HDMI $140 (Reg. $200), more 2-pack Outdoor Motion Sensing Lights $30, more Travel-sized Single Serve Brewing System for just $24 Large 2-Topping Pizza from Domino’s $6 (Reg. $15) Samsung 55-inch 4K Smart Ultra HDTV, get it for $500 Aukey Quick Charge 3.0 5-Port USB Charging Station $22 ‘An Introduction to APIs’ Kindle eBook free (Reg. $1) NETGEAR’s 802.11ac Extender for $30 (Reg. $40+) LG’s Stylo Android Smartphone: $50 (Reg. $100) Google Chromecast 4K Streaming $59 shipped Cuisinart 2-lb Bread Maker for $64 Sharp 65-inch Curved 4K Smart Ultra HDTV $1,149 Fossil is discounting its Q Smartwatches by 25% NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Pad & Quill’s new line of full-grain leather men’s wallets are built to last you a decade Philips’ latest Moda monitor has a stunning design with ultra-thin bezels PixlPlay turns your old iPhone or Android device into a kid-friendly camera The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild is getting two expansion packs later this year Hayo brings augmented reality control to Hue lighting, Sonos, and your smart home Stark is a minimal iOS/Android Smartwatch with incredible battery life Herbert’s unique wall-mount garden will have you growing fresh herbs all winter long Shoot iPhone video like a pro with Fancy the “world’s smallest” stabilizer for smartphones The Brilliant Smart Home Control System turns any light switch into a touchscreen hub PlayStation 4 has never looked so elegant: the new TOAST real wood covers Bang & Olufsen introduces a new pair of “affordable” wireless headphones, but it’ll still cost you The RetroBlox gaming console can play all your old Nintendo, Sega, PlayStation, Atari cartridges The Orb outfits your home with Danish-designed, intelligent lighting Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot February 16, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   SEO  >   The psychology of search intent: Converting moments that matter The psychology of search intent: Converting moments that matter SEO 15 Feb 17 | Jim Yu Facebook0 Linkedin66 Google+11 Twitter 77 Nineteen years ago, the company that is now called Alphabet Inc. launched Google Web Search, which would quickly become the most widely used internet search engine in the world. That search engine, which at first relied primarily on text data and backlinks to determine search priority ranking, has become increasingly sophisticated where its myriad features are concerned. Users can now search images, social, video content, equations, geographic locations and much more, and each of these things impact a brand’s search ranking over all, for better or worse. But perhaps even more impressive, and particularly relevant to marketers, is the continuous improvement of Google’s understanding of user intent. Beyond matching keywords alone, Google has parsed its massive stores of data to better understand the phrases, search history and other elements of query to better understand user priorities and states of mind when using the web search platform. As a result, they have optimized their search ranking algorithm and user experience to better align with what data says users really want. By recognizing how Google and other search engines understand user intent, marketers can poise themselves to put themselves along the route of customer trains of thought. Below, find a breakdown of Google’s intent-recognition methodology–and strategic recommendations for those who want to take advantage of them. Micro-Moments: How Google understands user priorities On mobile—which has increasingly become the focus of search marketers after disrupting the way we access information and shop on the go—as well as on desktop, users use a range of terms, exhibit a range of behaviors, and seek out a range of answer-types that, according to Google, develop a profile of the user’s intent. These intent profiles, conveniently articulated by Google as “micro-moments”, are said to be the critical micro-moments at which users are most likely to be swayed by search results. “I want to know.” These are the types of searches people launch when they are seeking “information or inspiration”. Users who signify this search intent typically ask questions like “what did the president talk about today”, “what’s the phone number to the chamber of commerce”, and “how much money does a data analyst make?” “I want to go.” These are location-based searches that signal an intent to travel to a location whether that be international, regional, local or hyperlocal. Users who signify this search intent increasingly input queries like “restaurants near me”, “directions to the University” and “lodging in North Lake Tahoe.” Searches like these make localization an important question for marketers to be thinking about; how are you reaching people in specific—rather than general—markets? “I want to do.” When people want to know how to do something, they turn to action-oriented “I want to do searches”. This search intent is signaled by queries that inquire after methodology like, “How do I get my passport?”, “How do I train my dog?”, and “How to lose weight.” Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin66 Google+11 Twitter 77 Related articles How can you successfully set up an efficient business blog on a very tight budget? How do the recent updates to Google Data Studio benefit marketers? Five most interesting search news stories of the week What's been going on with Google's mobile indexing? “I want to buy.” The consumers have done their research, have looked up coupons, have (one way or another) learned what they want to know about a product or service. Now, they are intent on making a purchase. Prepared to “put their dollars behind their decision”, these users are likely to input more specific search queries like “mixer”, “Las Vegas hotel deal”, and “Amazon Echo”. Each of these search types articulate—in part through contextualized linguistic triggers like “how”, “why”, “when” and “where”—a different chief priority on the part of the user. Google responds to these priorities by crafting algorithmic outcomes which work to bring hosted content, both organic and paid, before the users based both on terminological relevance and likely user behaviors like—like purchase, or access. Understanding user experience segmentation Google’s understanding of user intent also emerges in its segmentation of user experience. Because Google is attempting to serve its users with what it is they want as immediately and seamlessly as possible, the Search Engine Ranking Page (SERP) displays differently from one micro-moment to the next. Consider the difference in user experience between a search which signals that a person wants to attempt a do-it-yourself project versus a search which signals that a person would like to find a hotel in Central London. A search for “how to bake a chocolate cake” will likely feature action-oriented instructional content like recipes and will prominently feature organic search results toward the top of the SERP, revealing that Google has detected a primary intent to take an action—”I want to do”—that is not prominently transactional. On the other hand, a search for a “hotel in Central London” will display a different set of information, prominently featuring a Google map populated with pins that indicate hotels in the requested region. Along with those pins, hotel prices will be displayed—and above the map users will likely notice a number of sponsored search results linking to information about lodging deals they can purchase. This reveals that Google has detected an intent to go someplace—hence the map—with a secondary intent to make a purchase. Google’s Search Quality Evaluator Guidelines break down and categorise different types of user intent Small keyword changes still make a big difference It should also be mentioned that, even as Google becomes increasingly responsive to user intent signals and perceived states of mind, it remains sensitive to the more specific keywords that users input when looking for more specific information. Consider, once more, that Google bases part of its understanding of intent on how questions are phrased—and that the increasing prominence of voice search is helping Google to understand how people formulate questions in their everyday lives. For example: while a search for “hotels in Central London” will lead primarily to geographic and transactional data (Google is “thinking” that users want to go and buy in this case), a search for “best hotels in Central London” will more likely point to the geographic information mentioned in the first example, but also more qualitative information in the form of articles (such as top ten lists) that will help users to better understand which Central London hotels are the “best”. Marketers will likely gather here that the key difference between the two searches is the use of the word “best”–and they’d be correct in that perception. By adding the word “best” to their search for Central London hotels, users have indicated that their chief priorities are to know more about a destination—and then to go there. Attempting an array of searches across the full spectrum of micro-moments—and exploring small differentiations in keyword usage—will reveal similar differences in user experience on Google and other search platforms. This suggests that there is significant opportunity for marketers to reach users along very specific trains of thought by understanding the relationship between micro-moments, intent and keywords, and then respond accordingly. Customer journeys are not always linear, or cut-and-dry For many marketers, the “customer journey” is the relied-upon model to acquire, convert and retain customers no matter what product or service category they offer; but while the customer journey is of critical importance, it is also important for marketers to carefully consider what they understand the customer journey to be. Often, when we hear the word “journey”, we tend to think of a linear narrative. We assume that people know where they want to go, and chart a course from one point to the next in a straight line—in large part because mobile has introduced a massive array of data and decision points into our lives, shaping our decisions on a near-constant basis. The micro-moments model rightly throws this understanding of the journey into question, revealing that people interface with search and content at many different stages and in many different states of mind. Once again, this information can be gathered in part from observations about how search results are displayed. Consider Google’s sensitivity to primary and secondary orders of intent—like the “hotels in Central London” search example mentioned earlier. That example does not simply reveal that Google is responsive to intent in general; it also specifically suggests that Google understands that users may have more than one intent at any given time, or that their intent could change very quickly—someone who wants to know something could find the information they were looking for and decide that, now that they have come across the key findings they were in search of, they want to buy. Marketers would be wise to operate from a similar viewpoint, thinking carefully about how their users might articulate searches and develop search-friendly content in response. Destination marketers might consider pairing pricing, deals and other transactional data with qualitative information about the experiences their region offers; marketing technology vendors might pair service descriptions with instructional material about effective web design, and so on. Moving ahead Essentially: it is key that brands recognize the many forms customer intent will take, and adopt a practice of flexibility where responding to that intent is concerned. Customers’ journeys, segmentation and search are not rigid step-by step processes. Google’s vast data as interpreted through its micro-moments model reveals that in plain terms. While this complicates the work of marketers and search engine specialists—continuously, since search engines are always collecting and responding to data—it also reveals a number of high-impact opportunities for brands to think and act in conversation with their users, in the end building richer and more vibrant experiences at every point of the brand-to-customer relationship. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading What were Google’s biggest search algorithm updates of 2016? While we’re still piecing together lessons from last year's wins and losses, here is a visual and entertaining summary of Google’s moves in 2016 that might well help us in predicting where SEO will take us in 2017. Industry SEO 08 Feb 17 | Rohan Ayyar Six steps to a stronger online brand When it comes to maintaining a brand, any good marketer will tell you that reputation management is key. But it's not just about monitoring what others say about your business; it's also making sure you know how to prevent reputation crisis by building a stronger brand. Development SEO 06 Feb 17 | Ann Smarty How digital marketers can take advantage of Valentine’s Day More than 50% of adults celebrate Valentine's Day, which means that this is a great opportunity for marketers to promote their products in the most appealing way. PPC SEO 06 Feb 17 | Tereza Litsa What can we learn from the winners and losers of organic search in 2016? Who were the winners and losers of organic search in 2016? Industry SEO 02 Feb 17 | Rebecca Sentance Tags Google | local search | search intent | user intent | voice search Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL editorial@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/02/15/the-psychology-of-search-intent-converting-moments-that-matter/ Send × Want to stay on top of SEO trends? Get top insights and news from our SEO experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 16, 4:41 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Amazon Echo, Google Home Update: Amazon And Google Consider Letting Users Make Calls On Devices By Denisse Moreno On 02/15/17 AT 12:17 PM Close Amazon and Google are looking into bringing voice calls to their home devices, the Amazon Echo and Google Home, people familiar with the matter told The Wall Street Journal. The devices would be used to make or receive calls and could potentially replace the home phone. Google and Amazon might launch the feature this year, but could be delayed due to concerns about privacy, emergency services and telecom regulations. Making and receiving calls on the speakerphone instead of privately like on a smartphone, could also limit the use of the feature. Related Stories Apple Officially Joins Amazon, Facebook, IBM as Member of Partnership on AI Google Home vs. Amazon Echo — Which Is Better? Amazon is considering various options, syncing to the owner’s current phone number, call forwarding, or a sole phone number for the Echo. The company is also working on how to switch from speakerphone when the user leaves the room or house, according to the Journal . The rumored feature comes as both the Amazon Echo and Google Home spiked in popularity this year. Sales of the Echo, powered by Alexa, rose after Thanksgiving last year, with Cyber Monday sales of the Amazon Echo family devices up seven times more than 2015. Amazon Echo in black is priced at $139.99. Google rolled out its own digital assistant device, Google Home last year, priced at $129. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business FBI Releases Documents In Trump Housing Discrimination Probe The document dump under the Freedom of Information Act came the same day the president railed against leaks to the media. Technology 5 Smartphone Trends For 2017 The technology is expected to go through major hardware innovations this year. World US, South Korea To Discuss North Korea Nuclear Weapons Program The meeting in Germany comes just days after North Korea's testing of an intermediate-range ballistic missile, which Pyongyang claims is capable of carrying a nuclear warhead. National Restaurants Show Solidarity With ‘Day Without Immigrants’ The grassroots campaign against President Donald Trump's policies has called on foreign-born people in the country to not work or spend money to demonstrate their importance. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 7 Things to Know About the February Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 Update Adam Mills02/07/2017 Today we want to take a look at the most important things you need to know about the Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 Nougat update including a look at the new February Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 build. Advertisement Last year, Google released an Android 7.1 Developer Preview, a beta for Nexus devices. The beta showcased some of the update’s features and it let select Nexus users test the update’s performance ahead of the final release. The company promised an Android 7.1 release for Nexus devices in December and the company made good on that promise. More recently, the company’s released a new February Android 7.1.1 build that brings security patches and, according to some Nexus 5x users, frustrating problems. The February Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 build is a security update that delivers some important patches to the former flagship. It’s small but it’s an important release for the Nexus 5X and Google’s stable of Nexus phones and tablets. Advertisement This roundup takes a look at the current Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 Nougat build, Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 problems plaguing users on the old and new Android 7.1.1 build, a look at what’s officially coming after the Android 7.1.1 Nougat update, and some tips that might help you. We’ll continue to update this with new information so check back for regular updates as we cruise through the month. February Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 Update: Impressions   1 / 7 Google recently rolled out a February Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 update. It's much smaller than the original Android 7.1.1 build and it doesn't bring any new features to the device.  The security build is small but it could also have a positive or negative impact on your device's performance and that's why we're taking a close look at it today.  We've spent just about a day with the new Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 update and battery life appears to be holding up. We haven't noticed any weird battery drain on our model. Advertisement If you start experiencing issues with battery life, and you might, know that it sometimes takes battery life a couple of days to settle in. If problems persist, you'll need to take action.  Up to this point we haven't run into any problems with connectivity. We've tested the Nexus 5X and its new Android 7.1.1 Nougat build with several ISPs, routers and Bluetooth devices. Our connections remain strong and fast. We haven't experienced any random reboots or lockups/freezes/crashes and we haven't seen any UI lag when navigating around the home screen, apps and folders. Animations and transitions are snappy and fluid. It's about the same as the January Android 7.1.1 build.  The February Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 Nougat update is performing well on our device. We recommend it for most users, particularly those who value their security. If you're feeling leery, track down a second or third opinion before installing it on your device.    1 / 7 24 Responses 10/07/2016 dennphill Reply Had no issues with upgrading to Nougat on my Nexus 5X (Verizon) yesterday – 6 Oct. Anguish in first several pages not necessary in my experience. Phone and service and WiFi (etc.) all seem OK. 10/08/2016 DennisUSA Reply My fingerprint reader has suddenly stopped working. Don’t know if it is related, but this seems suspicious. Anyone have any ideas for me? 10/12/2016 Pratyaksha Reply My Nexus also got the same problem of fingerprint then I just factory data reset now it’s working fine 10/13/2016 HellOJones Reply Finger printer sometimes collide with other apps, try deleting recently installed apps and rebooting device. For me, mine started working as soon as I deleted certain apps. 10/13/2016 Elicon200 Reply I found that my battery was not lasting nearly as many hours as it used it. Noticed immediately; from average 13 hours to about 8. 01/15/2017 Abhishek Gour Reply Same issue on mine too. And it started pretty abruptly. Getting an air of around 2 hours now, which used to be 3- 3 1/2 hrs 10/15/2016 Mohammed Hussain Reply Hi friends this is Hussain Actually I’m using Nexus 5x 32gb last 2months, Mobile is fantastic performance but last time android nougat 7.0 upgrade in my device. Suddenly my play store apps download in WiFi network only not download in mobile data. Please rectify my issues. And battery also drain quickly compared to marshmallow… 10/18/2016 igybundy Reply Many of us got dead phones after the update, usually from 2015 models. So if it is out of warranty wait until google says something. It might have been a bad OTA during the release but some have posted from a couple of weeks ago when they decided to update. After the flash and reboot, the screen is blank and will not turn back on, for others it goes into a boot loop and can not be recovered except for a new motherboard. 11/16/2016 Brendon Reply This happened to mine. Phone bricked a fee weeks after upgrade never to come to life again. While on a call with Google I was transferred to LG who told me that they cover it under warranty for 18 months from date of manufacture. Mine is currently out for repair. 12/15/2016 Mac Reply This is happening A BUNCH!!!! Many 5x phones are turning into a paper weight… I was advised by my son, who is now using a back-up phone due to his 5x completely gone… AND is currently fighting with LG and Verizon because as soon as the update downloaded, it fried!!! 12/15/2016 Mac Reply Update to my last posting, LG and Verizon will reimburse for the loss of the phone (in my sons case) if the phone was purchased with a credit card. Apparently, if the phone was beyond its year of Warranty, the credit card purchase is a type of ‘Warranty’… But, this is what my son is telling me. He might have swallowed his pride on the loss, and simply upgraded a (14 month) old phone. I am finding it Pathetic that we are paying out $500 a year to be forced into a mandatory “upgrade” once a phone developer decides to render our working product USELESS. Maybe we should leave cars on the side of the road once the gas tank goes empty, and blame it on the dealerships!!!! 10/22/2016 Harshit Reply Have been experiencing lagging in my Nexus 5X after the update. The UI seems to get jammed. Also the camera loading takes a while 10/28/2016 Afshin Reply I have not received any OTA update for android 7 on my Nexus 5x! Is it normal? Another question! Does the android 7 causes Bootloop on Nexus 5x? 10/28/2016 Afshin Reply My Device runs Android 6.1! 11/14/2016 amir Reply @Afshin, I read about bootloop, but i just got my 5X today. I will open the box and post here about it. 11/16/2016 Sean Reply My battery life has been terrible with the first release of Nougat 7.0. I just updated to the latest update and the battery life boosted to double the amount. 75% showing 1 day and 5hrs of usage. 12/08/2016 Anonymous Reply So all the article here is doing is complaining about the 7.0 update but it doesn’t explain how to bypass it to update to 7.1? 12/15/2016 Steve Simms Reply Steve I just did the 7.1.1 upgrade on my Nexus 5x and it cycles through the start up look over and over. I have shut it down after trying the hard re-set numerous times. Does anyone have any ideas on a fix. Seeing I cant get the phone to open the home page before going through the start up mode again i’m not sure what to do next. HELP 01/06/2017 Scott Reply I still haven’t received the 7.1.1 OTA update for my 5X. I’m still on 7.0. Is this an issue with my phone or is Google still in the process of rolling it out? 01/08/2017 alanbecker.deviantart.com Reply Real instructive and wonderful anatomical structure of content , now that’s user friendly (: 01/11/2017 Matt Reply 7.1.1 has broken Bluetooth connectivity with many people with certain types of car head units. My Joying head unit repeatedly connects and disconnects now. This is a KNOWN issue. refer to: https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/nexus/Mv5Hc6Lw7rA 01/18/2017 Dan Reply This article is so ‘SEO optimised’ as to be almost unreadable. 02/10/2017 Agreg45 Reply Nexus 5Xs are shutting down like crazy. Users unable to power back up. Google accepting No responsibility or accountability for problem since LG made cells. LG wants more money to fix my cell due to 2 months out of warranty. F**k Google and LG. 02/15/2017 LPilar Reply The 7.1.1 update over the weekend created the infamous bootloop issue for my 5x aka turned my phone into a brick. I called Google and after confirming I had indeed updated the phone to 7.1.1 they agreed to send me another 5x (using a warranty exception as my phone is more than 12 months old) and I am to send back my old phone. They did say that if I did not update to 7.1.1 then I would need to call LG. Also, if they find that the returned phone was not updated, they will send it back to me. Note: As a long time Nexus addict I usually wait to install updates (obviously I didn’t this time) as an OS update also crashed my Nexus4 some years ago now. Google also replaced that phone. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 3 Reasons Not to Install Galaxy S7 Nougat & 5 Reasons You Should 02/07/2017 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.2.1 & 6 Reasons You Should 02/01/2017
Gorge News Center A Division Of Haystack Broadcasting Home News Oregon Washington Talk Shows Business Beat Klickitat AM Oregon Cherry Growers Talk of the Gorge Cover to Cover Book Beat Info Community Calendar Road Report School Closure & Delays Ski Report Weather Contact Us Haystack Broadcasting Sites Y-102 Star FM KLCK 1400 Off The Beaten Track Business Directory Google provides WiFi Hotspots for checkout at Wasco County Library branches on February 15, 2017 · Leave a Comment Mayor Steve Lawrence, right, is the first to check out a portable wi-fi unit from The Dalles-Wasco County Library. He is joined by Google’s Dave Karlson, left, and head librarian Jeff Wavrunek (To hear our interview with Google’s Darcy Nothnagle about the grant, click on the grey podcast bar at the bottom of the page.) THE DALLES, Ore., February 14, 2017 – At an event held today, The Dalles-Wasco County Library announced that, thanks to a grant from Google, library patrons will be able to check out WiFi hotspots, similar to the way that they would check out a book. The program provides library patrons with mobile access to the internet for free, and is the first program of its kind in Oregon. Through this WiFi Hotspot Lending Program, library patrons in The Dalles and Maupin with a current library card can check out hotspots for three-week periods. Laptop computers will also be available for checkout through the library. “Google has bestowed a unique opportunity for learning on the library and the students of The Dalles,” said The Dalles Mayor Steve Lawrence. The goal of the new program is to bridge the digital divide in Wasco County. Household income is one of the major factors that hinder people from accessing the internet. “Having internet access isn’t just a luxury these days, it’s a necessity for school assignments, applying for jobs, and staying connected with the world,” said Darcy Nothnagle, Google. “We hope this program will provide greater access and greater opportunity for the entire community.” Google and the library hope this program will not only help increase access, but also critical digital literacy skills. Over the last 2 years, Google has contributed approximately $200,000 in funding through several different grants for The Dalles-Wasco County Library for technology enhancements, including upgrades to library computers and enhancing the wifi at the Library, and for Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) programs in the new wing. In 2015, Google also provided an $87,880 grant for the Maupin Broadband Project to assist in bringing high speed broadband to the Maupin Community and establishing free public Wi-Fi at Maupin’s Riverfront Park and the Maupin Branch of the Wasco County Library District. The grant also connected the Branch Library to the Main Library in The Dalles and provides free internet on library computers for patrons. “We’re excited to partner with Google to provide this new WiFi Hotspot Lending Program to our local patrons,” said Jeff Wavrunek, district librarian, The Dalles-Wasco County Library. “Google’s support has been key to enhancing our ability to assist patrons through technology and programs.” This program is just one way Google is committed to playing a positive role in The Dalles-Wasco County community. Since 2008, Google has awarded more than $1.6 million to Wasco County nonprofits and schools. http://gorgenewscenter.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/02-15-17-Darcy-for-online.mp3 Podcast: Play in new window | Download Leave A Comment... Cancel reply Name * Email * Website CAPTCHA Code * Powered by Catalyst Copyright © 2017 Gorge News Center Video – A $2,000 parking ticket? Mexican immigrant ‘dreamer’ in Seattle sues US over arrest
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Amazon Echo and Google Home may soon be able to make voice calls Jeff Dunn Feb. 15, 2017, 11:33 AM 3,184 facebook linkedin twitter email print The Amazon Echo.Amazon The Amazon Echo and Google Home could be used to make and receive phone calls later this year, according to a new report from The Wall Street Journal’s Ryan Knutson and Laura Stevens. Citing “people familiar with the matter,” the report says that both Amazon and Google are looking to activate the feature, but that their attempts have been slowed by privacy and regulatory concerns. Amazon has reportedly been working on Echo-specific voice calls since 2015, but has been held up by “employee turnover” as well. Amazon declined a request for comment. Google declined as well, only saying that it “continue[s] developing new experiences for Google Home.” How exactly this feature would work on either device is unclear. The report suggests that the smart speakers would “most likely” use voice over internet protocol (VoIP) tech, which lets you make calls over the internet. This is what apps like Skype do today. Amazon launched its own Skype competitor called Chime on Tuesday. The Google Home.Hollis Johnson/Business Insider The report says Amazon is considering other options, though, like giving the Echo its own phone number and using call forwarding, or syncing an Echo owner’s phone number with the speaker itself. In any case, Amazon would be entering the market with less experience in phone tech than Google, which has operated its Google Voice service since 2009. Google Voice currently gives users a phone number that can be used for forwarding calls and making VoIP calls; it was recently updated by Google in late January. Google also runs a wireless service called Project Fi, which provides mobile data by piggybacking off Sprint and T-Mobile’s network. Integrating voice-call support would make sense for speakers that, particularly in the Echo’s case, are growing increasingly popular and intelligent. But it would likely further the ongoing privacy concerns that exist with such devices, especially since both speakers have the ability to record conversations. One of the WSJ's sources says that Amazon wouldn't record the content of conversations, but that it would collect the length of those conversations and what numbers are dialed. All of that, plus the myriad of regulatory hurdles associated with creating new telephone features, means Google and Amazon are likely far from getting speaker-specific voice calls up and running in the near-term. But if they do make it work, voice calling could turn the Echo and Home into modern-day landline phones. You can read the full Wall Street Journal report here >> Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: Why Amazon's Echo is totally dominating — and what Google, Microsoft, and Apple have to do to catch up NOW WATCH: These popular devices keep a recording of everything you ask them — here's how to find it and delete it Loading video... More: Tech Amazon Echo Google @home Amazon Google Voice assistants smart speakers Calling VoIP Skype Google Voice Voice calling Phone calls facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Amazon Echo and Google Home may soon be able to make voice calls Amazon Echo and Google Home may soon be able to make voice calls The Amazon Echo and Google Home could be used... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
NESN Red Sox Bruins Patriots Celtics MLB NFL NBA NHL Cars Soccer UFC WWE Odds Fantasy TV Schedule NESN Fuel NESN Video NESN National Advertise Careers About Search Live Streams NESN Fuel Too Much ‘F-You Money’ Drove Employees Away From Google Car Project by Pat McAssey on Wed, Feb 15, 2017 at 11:42AM 2,013 Share this: Tweet Since Google turned its self-driving car project into a standalone company, Waymo, it has flourished. But the division apparently had a rough go of things in its infancy, which was largely caused by paying its staff too much money. Unnamed sources close to the car project reportedly told Bloomberg on Monday that the department struggled to retain talent because it provided employees with too much financial security. Before creating Waymo, Google reportedly paid workers in its self-driving division using a compensation system based on the project’s valuation. This resulted in many employees receiving bonuses by 2015 that were so large two of Bloomberg’s sources referred to them as “F-you money.” It’s not clear how the system allowed compensation payouts to snowball the way they did, or how much the bonuses cost Alphabet Inc., Google’s parent company. But Ruth Porat, Alphabet’s chief financial officer, supposedly touched upon it while explaining why operating costs in the fourth quarter of 2015 increased 14 percent to $6.6 billion, according to Bloomberg. “(The rising costs were) primarily driven by R&D expense, particularly affected by expenses resulting from project milestones in ‘Other Bets’ established several years ago,” Porat said during an earnings conference call. While Google implemented a more-traditional payment structure when it established Waymo in December, it didn’t do so before losing staffers to competitors, as well as others who launched their own startups. Several former members of Google’s self-driving car team left to form Otto, the autonomous truck company Uber has since acquired. Former executive Bryan Salesky also started his own company, Argo AI, which recently received a $1 billion investment from Ford. Interestingly, Argo seems to be using a compensation system similar to the one previously used by Google. After Google stopped the bleeding, its autonomous driving technology project got back on track, and now has logged more testing miles than any of its competitors. Thumbnail photo via Google More Stories Stanley Cup Odds: Bruins In Middle Of Pack, Currently Sit On Playoff Bubble Carmelo Anthony Surprisingly Chosen As Kevin Love’s All-Star Replacement Craig Kimbrel Returns To Mound, Throws First Bullpen Session Of Spring Training Late Red Wings Owner Mike Ilitch Did Unbelievable Thing For Rosa Parks Celtics Wrap: Boston Earns Hard-Fought 116-108 Win Over Philadelphia NESN Team Dale Arnold Guerin Austin Andy Brickley Tom Caron Matt Chatham Mike Cole Courtney Cox Zack Cox Sarah Davis Marc DiBenedetto Ricky Doyle Dennis Eckersley Jack Edwards Keely Flanagan Sam Galanis Nicholas Goss Darren Hartwell John Henry Rachel Holt Andre Khatchaturian Doug Kyed Adam London Steve Lyons Cameron McDonough Charlie Moore Marcus O’Mard Adam Pellerin Jerry Remy Nikki Reyes Jim Rice Joshua Schrock Michaela Vernava Ben Watanabe Jahmai Webster News from COED The New ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ Rumors Are LIT AF ‘It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia’ Stream: Watch Season 12, Episode 7 Online Free Louisiana High School Coach Bans Alabama From Recruiting At His School Duke vs. Virginia Live Stream: How To Watch Online We’re Not Sure What’s Going On In This Nicki Minaj Photo & We’re Totally Okay With It Barbara Palvin Gets Wet For 2017 ‘Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue’ News from thesportsdaily.com Mariah Carey sheepishly asks Floyd Mayweather for selfie at game Andrew Wiggins destroys Nikola Jokic with ferocious dunk (VIDEO) Photo of lethargic Phil Jackson riding public bus goes viral Timberwolves down Nuggets 112-99 on big nights from Wiggins, Towns Tom Brady talks about retirement after Super Bowl win Sports Topics Boston Bruins Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox New England Patriots Liverpool FC Baltimore Orioles Boston Boxing Brooklyn Nets Buffalo Bills Buffalo Sabres College Basketball College Football Entertainment Fenway Park Fenway Sports Group Golf Horse Racing Los Angeles Lakers Miami Dolphins Montreal Canadiens New York Giants NASCAR New England Revolution New York Jets New York Knicks New York Rangers New York Yankees Roush Fenway Soccer Tampa Bay Rays Tennis Toronto Blue Jays Toronto Maple Leafs UFC WWE NESN Sources 98.5 Alexa ACE Ticket BostonBruins.com Boston Globe Boston Herald CraveOnline Celtics.com Chartbeat Compete comScore CSN New England ESPN Patriots.com NFL.com NHL.com Quantcast RedSox.com WEEI YES Network Recent Stories Isaiah Thomas ‘Confident’ He Can Pass Russell Westbrook As NBA’s Top Scorer Andrew Wiggins Posterizes Nikola Jokic With Sick Dunk In 40-Point Game Vince Young Has Eye On Making NFL Comeback After Hiring New Agent NESN Links About NESN Advertise on NESN Contact NESN FAQ Email List Subscribe Unsubscribe NESN on Facebook NESN on Google+ NESN on Twitter NESN on YouTube NESN RSS Feed Privacy Policy Terms of Use Certifications © 2017 NESN Powered by WordPress.com VIP
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers How to be more ‘Google’ with talent analytics 9Shares 0 0 0 9 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing 5 most expensive drones in the world Shell makes it easy to fill up and go with payments app for Jaguar cars Top 6 Valentine’s tech gifts for him & her Top 6 Valentine’s tech gifts for him & her AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Fitbit faces criminal investigation into alleged Jawbone trade secrets theft 3D Printing Explained Industrial IoT Explained AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Driverless car insurance plans unveiled by UK government AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Will biometric scanning soon revolutionise Britain’s railways? Elementary my dear Watson: IBM brings machine learning to the private cloud Santander banking app lets customers pay using their voice Elon Musk: Humans must merge with AI or be forgotten Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Google throws a Cloud Spanner in the AWS works with public cloud database Cloud wars: Oracle CEO labels AWS infrastructure ‘old’ How serverless computing is turning the cloud on its head Elementary my dear Watson: IBM brings machine learning to the private cloud How serverless computing is turning the cloud on its head Oracle looks to the cloud for easier enterprise data integration How serverless computing is turning the cloud on its head Three UK to use Nokia’s cloud native core network to improve customer service Public cloud security remains in doubt but trust is on the rise CASB Explained Cloud wars: Oracle CEO labels AWS infrastructure ‘old’ Business collaboration software: Tech for the sake of tech or vital enterprise tool? Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business More bad news for Yahoo as hackers strike yet again RSA Conference 2017: Microsoft President calls for Digital Geneva Convention to protect against nation-state cyberattacks Security is number one issue plaguing business, Michael Dell tells RSA Conference 2017 More bad news for Yahoo as hackers strike yet again New Intel software bolsters data centre security CASB Explained More bad news for Yahoo as hackers strike yet again New Intel software bolsters data centre security CASB Explained More bad news for Yahoo as hackers strike yet again RSA Conference 2017: Microsoft President calls for Digital Geneva Convention to protect against nation-state cyberattacks Security is number one issue plaguing business, Michael Dell tells RSA Conference 2017 Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops New iPhone could have OLED display as Apple mulls Chinese screen supplier Mobiles: Top 7 most expensive phones in the world South Korean prosecutors once again seek arrest warrant for Samsung Chief New iPhone could have OLED display as Apple mulls Chinese screen supplier Apple fuels wireless charging iPhone 8 rumours after joining Wireless Power Consortium Cisco: By 2021 more people will have smartphones than running water Shell makes it easy to fill up and go with payments app for Jaguar cars Santander banking app lets customers pay using their voice Amazon Chime goes head-to-head with Microsoft Teams, Cisco Spark in videoconferencing race Verizon reintroduces unlimited data plan to lure more customers Nokia targets global IoT network with WING Nokia to buy Comptel for €347m to create standalone software company CES 2017: Intel debuts 7th-gen Kaby Lake chips for desktop How to follow CES 2017: From Twitter to Live Streams – don’t miss any CES news Japanese tech giants hit with €166m laptop and phone battery cartel fine Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular New Intel software bolsters data centre security Exploding cloud and colo demand sees Colt expand London data centre Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update Exploding cloud and colo demand sees Colt expand London data centre Stockholm city to offer sustainable data centre services with new hub 15 of the worst companies for renewable energy – Greenpeace report Stockholm city to offer sustainable data centre services with new hub Google opens €600 green data centre in the Netherlands IBM joins zero outage association to help end IT downtime for good Juniper looks to unite cloud for the data centre When two become one: Dell EMC sets its spirit free because it’s the only way to be HPE, Schneider Electric partner on micro data centres Big Data Analytics IBM, Hortonworks tackle big data in Hadoop analytics partnership Yahoo & Microsoft open source data analytics tools for Spark & Graph Engine Salesforce taps Einstein AI for boost to cloud CRM Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation IBM, Hortonworks tackle big data in Hadoop analytics partnership UK government’s digital transformation strategy puts vendors on alert Major GitLab backup failure wipes 300GB of data New Intel software bolsters data centre security IBM, Hortonworks tackle big data in Hadoop analytics partnership Juniper signs up tech alliance to secure software-defined networks New Intel software bolsters data centre security UK government’s digital transformation strategy puts vendors on alert Major GitLab backup failure wipes 300GB of data Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update Nvidia to power industry supercomputers with new Quadro products Anonymous-linked hacker takes down 20% of Dark Web Digital projects stall as IT delivery gap puts business at risk Business collaboration software: Tech for the sake of tech or vital enterprise tool? Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update IBM boosts cyber security with startup buyout Inside Silicon Valley Startup Bromium: Using Virtual Machines to Escape Endpoint Prohibition DevOps Decoded – Gaining a competitive edge with speed, productivity and security Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Shell makes it easy to fill up and go with payments app for Jaguar cars New Intel software bolsters data centre security All VerticalsThe Boardroom Back to Home How to be more ‘Google’ with talent analytics Increase / Decrease text size By Robert Dagge, Managing Director at Dynistics Ellie Burns 15th February 2017 9Shares 0 0 0 9 Add to favorites The workforce, the right workforce, is the backbone of any business. Dynistics’ Robert Dagge looks at the master of talent acquisition – Google – and discusses how you can follow the tech giant’s lead. Attracting, developing and retaining talent at Google is serious business – and one that has paid off too. Each Google employee reportedly generates on average nearly $1 million in revenue and $200,000 in profits each year. It’s a testament to the effort Google puts into acquiring the best people and encouraging them to stay for the long-haul. In the same way that it carries out research and development for its products and services, Google applies data collection and analysis to both potential and existing employees. Instead of the traditional HR format of decision-making based on assumptions, first impressions and relationship building, Google uses statistics and algorithms. Specifically, it uses analytics to expand the candidate pipeline, improve decision making and identification of the best candidates, and make the hiring process fast and efficient. Technology businesses can take advantage of the same principles. While not all have access to Google’s resources, they can harness big data on employees to gain more valuable insights and tightly link with HR and business strategy – otherwise known as talent analytics.   Focus on data, not relationships While most business departments make decisions based on hard facts, HR has traditionally relied on first impressions, hunches and relationships. In direct contrast, Google has one of the only data-driven HR functions. Big data is making it far easier to plan ahead and prioritise. By using dashboards to obtain a single reporting view, organisations can take a more analytical and informed approach to appointing the right staff, confident that the data is accurate and subsequently delivering increases in revenues.   Attract the right talent for your organisation In Google’s short lifespan, it has grown from a two-man startup to an organisation with nearly 37,000 employees in 40 different countries. How have they successfully managed and integrated these new staff while motivating them to be consistently loyal, ambitious, innovative and productive? By defining what talent means to your organisation, you’re far more likely to recruit those individuals who are the right ‘cultural’ fit and ‘buy in’ to your organisation’s values and long-term goals. You therefore need to develop a clear, single view of who your key talent is and make sure those individuals are identified, managed and rewarded. Google, for example, uses data to figure out what makes effective leaders. Technology is an invaluable tool for staff benchmarking. Using data to analyse and compare the productivity and success of staff enables organisations to set a gold standard to aspire to. Failure to do this could mean you lose unengaged, disenchanted members of staff to other more dynamic organisations or they will stagnate, adding little or no value.   Learning from your current workforce Historically, analytics has had more of a reporting function in HR, but the advent of new dashboard capabilities and advanced analytics is changing that. HR professionals can now easily pull together metrics and key performance indicators (KPIs) for keeping the organisation’s long-term goals on track. By focusing on workforce planning, organisations can assess future requirements and match these to available talent. This can help to track of how happy and engaged employees are, identify any underlying issues, and reveal team efficiency, productivity and staff retention.   Find the data that matters most While organisations are rich with data, it’s important to think about what information you really need i.e. the data insight that drives the right business decision making. Rather than having to navigate through time-consuming, and sometimes irrelevant reports, dashboards are designed to be quick, simple and accessible, providing a high level of instant information with the ability to drill down further where needed. Google’s London Offices. Check that your HR department is fully integrated with the rest of your organisation HR departments often lack the resources and real time information to unify each step of the performance management process to provide a single view of employees. Dashboard software automates the full requisition-to-hire process for senior talent and integrates it with HR management and payroll systems, processes can be fully joined up, providing complete visibility of performance and progression planning. Dashboard technology enables organisations to overhaul its people data by consolidating all the data sources into one digital dashboard providing a deeper strategic insight into their employees. They can then use that insight to proactively put the right teams and talent in place to effectively respond to their needs. The bottom line is that big data matters. While analytics can help drive change, boost workforce engagement and enable strategic decision making, it’s important to amass data for its own sake as well as look at how it can help the business grow. Successful businesses are good at aligning their work with strategic goals and then making sure this drives change and long-term success. So when thinking about analytics, ask yourself: what would Google do?   Tags Google Homepage News List Sidebar Opinions Previous ArticleGoogle throws a Cloud Spanner in the AWS works with public cloud database Next ArticleMobiles: Top 7 most expensive phones in the world Most read CASB Explained Ellie Burns 15th February 2017 IBM, Hortonworks tackle big data in Hadoop analytics partnership Ellie Burns 14th February 2017 Business collaboration software: Tech for the sake of tech or vital enterprise tool? James Nunns 14th February 2017 Salesforce taps Einstein AI for boost to cloud CRM James Nunns 13th February 2017 UK government to deliver ‘cyber curriculum’ to tackle cyber security skills gap Hannah Williams 13th February 2017 Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? Ellie Burns 10th February 2017 UK cloud wars intensify as Microsoft lowers prices & releases Azure data centre services Hannah Williams 7th February 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel HPE Security Research – Cyber Risk Report 2016 By HPE Le stockage de demain By Kaminario Editor’s Pick RSA Conference 2017: Microsoft President calls for Digital Geneva Convention to protect against nation-state cyberattacks Tom Ball 15th February 2017 Cloud wars: Oracle CEO labels AWS infrastructure ‘old’ James Nunns 15th February 2017 Data Breaches Demystified – Why Everyone Seems Powerless to Stop Them Ellie Burns 14th February 2017 Queen officially opens GCHQ cyber security centre as UK aims to be safest place to live and work online Byomakesh Biswal 14th February 2017 Top 6 Valentine’s tech gifts for him & her Hannah Williams 13th February 2017 Related News Digital projects stall as IT delivery gap puts business at risk Joe Clark 15th February 2017 Enterprise IT New Intel software bolsters data centre security Hannah Williams 15th February 2017 IBM, Hortonworks tackle big data in Hadoop analytics partnership Ellie Burns 14th February 2017 Latest in 4th Revolution 4th Revolution Digital Catapult launches programme for virtual, mixed and augmented reality startups Ellie Burns 9th February 2017 4th Revolution Transforming your business with deep learning Ellie Burns 6th February 2017 4th Revolution Driverless cars: A new way of life and a new cybersecurity challenge Ellie Burns 2nd February 2017 Latest in Analysis Markets Can IoT solutions save the ageing healthcare system? Joe Clark 15th February 2017 Markets The CIO’s Dilemma Ellie Burns 8th February 2017 Cloud growth clears away the January gloom for tech giants reveling in revenue growth James Nunns 27th January 2017 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR Microsoft & KPMG team up for Blockchain Nodes 2 mins ago More bad news for Yahoo as hackers strike yet again 1 hour ago Digital projects stall as IT delivery gap puts business at risk 17 hours ago New iPhone could have OLED display as Apple mulls Chinese screen supplier 17 hours ago New Intel software bolsters data centre security 17 hours ago Elementary my dear Watson: IBM brings machine learning to the private cloud 17 hours ago 5 most expensive drones in the world 19 hours ago Mobiles: Top 7 most expensive phones in the world 20 hours ago How to be more ‘Google’ with talent analytics 22 hours ago Google throws a Cloud Spanner in the AWS works with public cloud database 22 hours ago Exploding cloud and colo demand sees Colt expand London data centre 22 hours ago CASB Explained 23 hours ago Shell makes it easy to fill up and go with payments app for Jaguar cars 23 hours ago Can IoT solutions save the ageing healthcare system? 23 hours ago RSA Conference 2017: Microsoft President calls for Digital Geneva Convention to protect against nation-state cyberattacks 24 hours ago Cloud wars: Oracle CEO labels AWS infrastructure ‘old’ 1 day ago
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC Android News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 1.5M 416K 366K 53K 15K 20K 65K 46K Recent News AccuWeather Android Wear 2.0 App Hits Google Play Huawei P10 Leaks In Blue, Green And Yellow Color Variants Moto G5 Plus Press Materials Leak, Design & Specs Revealed LG’s G6 Has A FullVision Display With An 18:9 Aspect Ratio Recent Reviews Meizu M5 Note Review Review: OUKITEL C5 Pro Android Smartphone Review: Honor 6X Android Smartphone Review: OUKITEL U20 Plus Android Smartphone Android Deals Pick Up the Harman Kardon Onyx Studio Wireless Portable Speaker for $96 – 2/15/17 Deal: ZTE Axon Pro 32GB for $175, 64GB for $199 – 2/15/17 Deal: Philips Hue Starter Kit (Refurbished) for $139 – 2/15/17 Electronic Deals: Feb. 15th, 2017 – Samsung, Fitbit, NETGEAR Special Features Weekly Poll: Are You Buying The LG Watch Style Or LG Watch Sport? Make The Most Of Valentine’s Day With Android For Singles Will Chrome’s WebVR Support Be The Future Of Mobile VR? How To Make The Most Of Valentine’s Day With Android For Couples Petition Circulating for Sony Smartwatch 3 to Get Android Wear 2.0 February 15, 2017 - Written By Alexander Maxham While the Sony Smartwatch 3 won’t officially be getting Android Wear 2.0, that hasn’t stopped current owners of the smartwatch from starting a petition to get Sony and Google to update the smartwatch. It’s not surprising that the Smartwatch 3 isn’t getting the update, seeing as most of the other smartwatches announced in 2014 are also being left out. The Sony Smartwatch 3 debuted around the same time as the LG G Watch R, Moto 360 and the ASUS ZenWatch. It actually became a pretty popular smartwatch, largely due to the fact that it was a bit more water-proof than the others on the market. It also had things like NFC, which Android Wear wasn’t using at the time, but is now using for Android Pay. Last week, Google unveiled Android Wear 2.0’s final release. After being delayed a few months, it’s finally set to start rolling out this month. And the LG Watch Sport and Watch Style are already available at the Google Store, Verizon and AT&T with Android Wear 2.0. This update to Android Wear is a pretty big one, in fact Google calls it the biggest one to date, and brings in a slew of new features as well as an entirely new interface. Android Wear is still fairly new for Google, so they still aren’t entirely sure what the best UI is for your wrist, a big reason why the UI got a huge overhaul this time around. At the time of writing, the petition on Change.org has over 1,700 signatures from Sony Smartwatch 3 owners who want to see the company work with Google to release the update to their smartwatch. Now this doesn’t mean that it’s going to happen, but it is pretty impressive that there are this many people still with this smartwatch. The Sony Smartwatch 3 hasn’t had a successor just yet. It’s unclear if Sony was waiting for Android Wear 2.0 to come out – like many other manufacturers, which is why 2016 was a slow year for Android Wear smartwatches – or if they have given up. A few other manufacturers have given up, as the smartwatch industry just isn’t as big as they thought it might be. Many manufacturers thought that smartwatches would be the new smartphone, but that hasn’t happened yet. It’s important to note though, that smartwatches are still fairly new so that may change. Post navigation Electronic Deals: Feb. 15th, 2017 – Samsung, Fitbit, NETGEAR Deal: Philips Hue Starter Kit (Refurbished) for $139 – 2/15/17 February 15, 2017 | Android News , Android Smartwatch News Source: Change.org Via: Wareable Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News AccuWeather Android Wear 2.0 App Hits Google Play Huawei P10 Leaks In Blue, Green And Yellow Color Variants YouTube (Desktop) Receives Material Redesign And Dark Mode Moto G5 Plus Press Materials Leak, Design & Specs Revealed Sundar Pichai Responds To A 7-Year-Old’s Job Application Win An NVIDIA SHIELD (2017) With Android Headlines – International Giveaway LG’s G6 Has A FullVision Display With An 18:9 Aspect Ratio A New Moto X May Have Just Passed Through The FCC Phone Comparisons: Moto Z Force vs ASUS ZenFone AR Huawei’s P10 Plus Seems To Have Leaked In Press Renders Play Store App Updates Can Be Handled By The APKUpdater App Best Robot Vacuum Review – Dyson 360 Eye, iRobot Roomba 980, Xiaomi Mi Robot Tech Talk: Banks Are Hoping To Replace ATM Cards With Smartphones Huawei Is Reportedly Building A Digital Assistant Of Its Own Alphabet’s Access Division Hires Greg McCray As CEO ASUS Reveals The Cost Of Their ZenFone 3 Zoom In Taiwan Download: You Can Share Voicemails In Google Phone 8.0 Google Officially Announces The Launch Of Android Wear 2.0 Google Explains some of their Choices in Making the Pixel The Google News Fact Check Tag Is Coming To More Countries U.S. Cellular-Branded LG Flagship Hits Geekbench Load More Posts Follow Share
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us The 128GB Black Pixel XL is back in stock, but doesn’t ship for more than a month +4,365 Andrew Myrick Feb 15th, 2017 Google has admittedly had some issues keeping the Pixel XL in stock, and the 128GB variant has been even tougher to get. The 128GB variant has been in and out of stock practically since the device launched, but now it’s back in stock. There’s just one small catch. If you go to the Google Store right now and select the 128GB Pixel XL in Black, you can add it to your cart and purchase it. However, you’ll have to wait 5 or 6 weeks before it gets into your hands. It’s obviously a good thing for Google that it can’t keep up with the demand, but considering the device was launched in November of last year, it’s a bit questionable as to why we’re still seeing issues. If you want to get your hands on the regular 32GB variant, you’ll have to wait 2 to 3 weeks before it makes it to your home. Let us know if you’ll be snagging one, or if you’ll be holding out for something like the LG G6 or Samsung Galaxy S8. Buy on Google local_offer    Google   Pixel XL   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (19) stars Further Reading New Google Phone app teardown reveals RCS calling features Google wants to add calling feature to Google Home YouTube update brings new content suggestion to fullscreen videos Google under investigation for anti-competitive practices with Android Google Assistant is coming to Sony Bravia TVs stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertGet a free pizza from T-Mobile and Papa John's closeGet some free pizza courtesy of Papa John’s and T-Mobile Tuesdays Starting on February 14th, and lasting for 4 weeks, T-Mobile has partnered with Papa John’s to give T-Mobile Tuesday users a free large pizza and 25% off regular menu orders. 2 more_vertThe Moto G5 Plus has been leaked in its entirety closeThe Moto G5 Plus has been confirmed after showing up via an online retailer The upcoming Moto G5 Plus has been leaked in its entirely after the device was published through an online retailer. The listing confirms many of the rumors regarding the device. 3 more_vertYou can now purchase the 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T closeYou can now purchase the 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T, but you’ll have to wait The 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T is now available for purchase, despite the device not shipping for 8 days. The 128GB variant is priced at $479, compared to $439 for the 64GB version. 4 more_vertDEAL: Get a tablet for free from T-Mobile closeT-Mobile is offering 2 free tablets for joining T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile is offering either a free Samsung Tab E or LG G Pad X 8.0 when purchasing the tablet through installment plans and signing up for T-Mobile ONE with at least 6GB of data. 5 more_vertVerizon brings back unlimited data plans closeVerizon surprisingly reintroduces Unlimited Data plans starting at $80 per month Verizon has announced it will be introducing an unlimited data plan for $80 per month, starting tomorrow, February 13th. 6 more_vertHow to remove apps closeHow to remove unwanted apps from your Android phone If you’re using an Android phone that isn’t a Pixel, there’s a pretty good chance it came with a bunch of pre-loaded apps that you have no intention of ever using. Thankfully, you can now remove almost any app. 7 more_vertHow to turn off screen overlay closeWhat to do when you get the annoying “screen overlay detected” message Android has gotten a lot more user-friendly over the years, but there are still some things that can leave users scratching their heads. One of the most annoying recent Android problems is the “screen overlay detected” message. 8 more_vertGoogle and Amazon prepare to battle it out in 2017 closeGoogle may have to play catchup with Amazon’s Alexa Amazon’s Alexa stole the show at CES 2017 and this may be cause for concern for Google’s planned expansion of Google Assistant. 9 more_vertPre-order the Samsung Chromebook Plus closeThe new Samsung Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order The Samsung Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order for $499 from Amazon, Best Buy, Newegg, and the Google Store. The Chromebook Plus launches on Feb. 13th. 10 more_vertEverything we know about the LG G6 closeHere’s everything we know so far about the LG G6 With Mobile World Congress 2017 looming, we take a look at all of the rumors surrounding the LG G6 and what could be coming from LG’s 2017 flagship. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
CLOSE Delete Read Unread Autoblog Alerts You don't have any subscriptions. Look for the around the site to subscribe to the topics of your choice. Autoblog Alerts Want to get notified as soon as we write about the topics you're interested in? Click here to sign in and then look for the around the site to subscribe to those topics. Autoblog Alerts Thanks for subscribing to Autoblog Alerts! As content is published, we'll send it right to you. If you ever need to make changes, you can manage your alerts by clicking MANAGE below. Fetching your alerts. Please wait... Manage Mark All Read New Cars New Cars Hub Models & Styles Car Buying Guides Car Finder Compare Cars Best Deals Dealer Directory Car Loans Research Tools For Sale For Sale Hub Cars for Sale Calculators Certified Pre-Owned Book Values Rebates & Incentives News & Reviews News & Reviews Hub Autoblog Reviews Owner Reviews Auto Shows Photos Racing Calendar News by Make News by Category Press Releases News Archive Ownership Ownership Hub Recalls Safety Repair & Maintenance Repair Shops Gas Prices Sell Your Vehicle Insurance Insurance Quotes Videos Videos Translogic The List Car Club USA Autoblog Details Autoblog Wrenched Short Cuts Autoblog Minute Store Car Care Oils & Fluids Performance Tools More Parts & Accessories + Specs & Reviews Cars for Sale Specs & Reviews Select a Make Select a Model Go Specs & Reviews Cars For Sale Select a Make Select a Model Go or Select a Style Convertible Coupe Crossover Hatchback Hybrid Luxury Minivan Sedan SUV Performance Truck Van Wagon New Used Certified Pre-Owned CPO Select a Make Select a Model Go Shop Specs / Reviews For Sale This page is for personal, non-commercial use. You may order presentation ready copies to distribute to your colleagues, customers, or clients, by visiting http://www.autobloglicensing.com Report Report Feb 15th 2017 at 8:30AM Add Subscribe Google's self-driving unit lost execs by overpaying them facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License Danny King A talent exodus from startups that don't pay enough? Sure, we've all heard of that. A talent exodus from startups that pay too much? Only in Silicon Valley. Or at Google, to be precise. Google's autonomous-driving project, which launched in 2010 and was rebranded as Waymo late last year, has been losing some executives because the division's compensation system paid some executives enough money to be financially independent, Bloomberg News reports, citing people familiar with the process. With compensation formerly based on the project's future financial value, some early members of the division received payouts in the seven-figure range. A spokesman from Google parent Alphabet declined to comment to Bloomberg. Notably, Google's fourth-quarter 2015 operating expenses jumped 14 percent from a year earlier to $6.6 billion largely from research and development costs for non-core business units, though the company didn't attribute the spending jump directly to payouts for the autonomous-driving project. Still, competition for talent within the autonomous-driving sector in Silicon Valley has been fierce, as electric-vehicle maker Tesla and ride-hailing service leader Uber Technologies continue to boost their investments in self-driving technology. Former Google autonomous-driving project leader Chris Urmson left the division in last August to start up his own firm, while other executives departed to form the autonomous-trucking firm Otto, which has been acquired by Uber. The project, which was previously part of the Google X and Alphabet X research and development divisions, was rebranded as Waymo last year, and is overseen by John Krafcik, whose previous experience includes a stint with Ford Motor Co. as well as serving as CEO of Hyundai Motor America. Google has indicated that it has since standardized its compensation system for Waymo employees. Related Video: News Source: Bloomberg News Image Credit: GEOFF ROBINS/AFP/Getty Images Create alerts for any tag below Subscribe Green United States Autonomous google report waymo facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License I'm reporting this comment as: Rude or offensive Not constructive / off-topic Sexual content Spam or misleading Other Reported comments and users are reviewed by Autoblog staff 24 hours a day, seven days a week to determine whether they violate Community Guideline. Accounts are penalized for Community Guidelines violations and serious or repeated violations can lead to account termination. Submit Login Logout Post Reply 1 Second Ago Read All 0 Delete Report Reply Trending These are the least reliable cars in America Best-selling automobiles of 2016 New Car Buying Guides Most and least efficient car companies Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Find and compare 2017 Models Best-selling automobiles of 2016 New Car Buying Guides Most and least efficient car companies Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Find and compare 2017 Models Follow Us GM's European Opel division may eventually go all-electric Americans drove more last year, but still below peak Google's self-driving unit lost execs by overpaying them View More From Our Partners You May Like Links by Zergnet Shop Books The Toyota Way: 14 Management Principles from the World's Greatest Manufacturer OBD-II & Electronic Engine Management Systems (Haynes Repair Manuals) How To Weld (Motorbooks Workshop) Automotive Technology: Principles, Diagnosis, and Service (5th Edition) Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Parts & Accessories Fidget Cube Relieves Stress And Anxiety for Children and Adults Anxiety Attention Toy (Black Green) AAA 4005 Blue Aluminum Sport Utility Shovel Fidget Cube for Fidgeters! Relieve Stress, Anxiety, and Boredom for Children and Adults. (Black /... Camco 40043 TastePURE Water Filter with Flexible Hose Protector Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Merchandise Zone Tech 30cm LED Car Flexible Waterproof Light Strip GREEN (pack of 4) FANMATS NFL Green Bay Packers Vinyl Heavy Duty Car Mat FH Group Universal Fit Full Set Flat Cloth Fabric Car Seat Cover, (Green/Black) (FH-FB050114, Fit... E Support Green 12v 15 Led 30cm Car Flexible Waterproof Underbody Light Strip Pack of 10 Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Movies 50th Corvette Anniversary, Boosting Battery Life, 1970 Torino King Cobra Supercross Kings Fun To Know Car Care Tips BMX Bandits / Evel Knievel Double Feature Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Consumer Resources Compare Top Models Choose up to 3 vehicles to compare side-by-side on price, features, performance, cost of ownership and more. Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Guide to the latest ADAS offerings, including Blind Spot Monitoring, Turn Assist, Backup Collision Warning and more. Local Car Dealers Find car dealers by make and location. Videos How To Change Automatic Transmission Fluid | Autoblog WrenchedWatch Video Rally Racing with Subaru Rally Team USA Driver David Higgins | AutoblogVRWatch Video Watch this Hot Wheels car and the amazing Technicolor toy trackWatch Video The self-balancing motorcycle is such a Soichiro Honda solution to a problemWatch Video Watch the Lucid Air EV get sideways in winter testingWatch Video A new Hyundai Accent arrives next week with baby Elantra stylingWatch Video You can open the frunk on a Tesla Model X with just a screwdriverWatch Video Driving Iron Man's Favorite Supercar, The Acura NSX | Translogic 215Watch Video How To Replace Rear Differential Fluid | Autoblog WrenchedWatch Video Honda has a super creepy ad for the Clarity Fuel CellWatch Video × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Select one or more topics to subscribe to: Green Green United States United States Autonomous Autonomous google google report report waymo waymo Select one or more of the following methods to receive alerts: Email Instant Daily Weekly This email address will be used for all of your alerts. On Site Text This phone number will be used for all of your alerts. Msg&Data rates may apply. Manage Clear × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Thanks! Your alerts preferences have been saved. Manage Close × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Verify Phone Number You must verify your phone number in order to begin receiving text alerts. We will send a verification code shortly to your phone via text. Enter it below and click "Verify". Didn't receive a code? Resend it Verify Cancel Help Sitemap About Us Widgets Contact Tip Us Feedback Licensing Our Apps Autoblog 360 Autoblog iPhone Autoblog Apple TV Autoblog VR Podcasts On iTunes Archives Advertising About Ads Advertise With Us Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Trademarks © Copyright 2017 AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved × Login Please login using one of the following services: Cars for Sale Near You Share This Photo X Facebook Twitter Google+ Email Reddit Linkedin Pinterest X Login Please select an option before voting. Okay
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 16, 4:09 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Did Sony Give Up Smartwatch Business? SmartWatch 3 Not Getting Android Wear 2.0 Update By Corazon Victorino On 02/15/17 AT 11:23 AM Close It’s been three years since Sony released its SmartWatch 3 timepiece, but it hasn’t launched a successor to its smartwatch line to this day. The Tokyo-based electronics company’s absence from the smartwatch scene was not hugely felt by consumers until this week when it subtly confirmed the sad news that its latest high-tech timepiece is not getting the Android Wear 2.0 treatment.  On Wednesday, Xperia Blog found out that Sony updated its product page for the SmartWatch 3 with the confirmation that it is not receiving the newest Google smartwatch OS update. Found at the very bottom part of the Sony Mobile page, Sony’s note reads: “SmartWatch 3 SWR50 supports up to Android Wear 1.5. Android Wear 2.0 and onwards are not supported.” Sony’s confirmation comes just days after Google officially launched the delayed Android Wear 2.0. Aside from introducing the new features of the new OS, Google also published the list of smartwatches that will receive the Wear 2.0 update. The list included LG’s Watch R and Watch Urbane, as well as Motorola, Fossil, Casio and Asus smartwatches, among many others. Related Stories Uber Lands Android Wear 2.0 Android 7.0 Nougat: Devices Receiving The Update This Friday Sony Xperia XA (2017) Leaks Ahead Of MWC Because Sony’s relatively old SmartWatch 3 was noticeably absent from the list, speculations that the device will not get the chance to update its software quickly surfaced. There were also those who believed that the wristwatch could just be receiving Android Wear 2.0 at some point in the future. Unfortunately, Sony chose to crush that tiny amount of hope SmartWatch 3 owners held on to for a long time now.  Upon learning of Sony’s decision however, many SmartWatch 3 owners complained and one of them even started a Change.org petition for Sony to change its mind and ask Google to roll out the new Wear OS to the timepiece. The petition is asking for 2,500 signatures. As of writing, it already has 1,784 supporters. Meanwhile, GSM Arena thinks Sony may have already given up its smartwatch business. The smartphone-centric news site pointed out that Sony’s three-year absence from the smartwatch scene could indicate that it has ceased its efforts to be part of the segment. Of course, this speculation could be easily debunked once Sony expresses its interest in releasing another smartwatch.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business FBI Releases Documents In Trump Housing Discrimination Probe The document dump under the Freedom of Information Act came the same day the president railed against leaks to the media. Technology 5 Smartphone Trends For 2017 The technology is expected to go through major hardware innovations this year. World US, South Korea To Discuss North Korea Nuclear Weapons Program The meeting in Germany comes just days after North Korea's testing of an intermediate-range ballistic missile, which Pyongyang claims is capable of carrying a nuclear warhead. National Restaurants Show Solidarity With ‘Day Without Immigrants’ The grassroots campaign against President Donald Trump's policies has called on foreign-born people in the country to not work or spend money to demonstrate their importance. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Security   /   How Google Secures Over a Billion Android Users       How Google Secures Over a Billion Android Users     By Sean Michael Kerner  |  Posted 2017-02-15 Print               While big vulnerabilities like Stagefright have captured headlines, Google's Android security chief tells the RSA Conference how security actually works in Android. SAN FRANCISCO—Delivering secure mobile technology to billions of users and protecting them from both known and unknown threats is no easy task, but it's the task that Google has aggressively taken on with Android. Speaking at the RSA Conference here, Adrian Ludwig, director of Android security at Google, detailed the methods used by Google to keep its mobile platform and its billions of users secure. Among the myriad challenges that Google faces is the simple fact that there are many different devices and configurations used by handset vendors and carriers for Android. Getting all the devices updated with Google's latest security features isn't something that can happen overnight. For example, with Android 5.0 "Lollipop," which was first released in 2014, few users made use of device encryption. With Android 6.0 "Marshmallow," which was released in 2015, approximately 20 percent of devices are encrypted. With Android 7 "Nougat," which debuted this year, Google made encryption even easier to deploy. As a result, 80 percent of Nougat devices use encryption. Android provides not only encryption now, but also application isolation, device integrity and exploit mitigation capabilities directly as part of the operating system. In addition to the operating system security features, having security services on the platform is also necessary, Ludwig said. Google has multiple security services, including Verify Apps, an anti-malware scanning service that looks for malware on devices. Google also has a sensor network that looks for potential compromises across the Android landscape. And Google has device management services such as device locking and remote wiping, as well as APIs that enable Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM) applications to provide even more services. "Scale is a key differentiator for Google," Ludwig said. "We do over 750 million device scans per day and check over 6 billion apps per day." Ludwig took specific aim at the issue of malware apps on Android. According to Google's latest data, only 0.69 percent of all Android devices have some form of potentially harmful app, he said. Going a level deeper, for devices that only get apps from the official Google Play app store, Ludwig estimates that at most only 0.05 percent of such Android devices have ever encountered some form of potentially harmful app. The key lesson from these figures, Ludwig emphasized, is that it's significantly safer to download and use apps from Google Play than from non-Google app sources. "So don't install apps from outside of Google Play," he said. Malware While malicious apps are a concern, the reality is that is not how Android users are actually being exploited. Rather, Ludwig sees social engineering attacks as being the primary attack vector against Android today. With social engineering attacks, a user sees, for example, a spam advertisement asking the user to install something that then compromises his or her device in some way. Ludwig also took direct aim at the media and widespread reports about big vulnerabilities including the MasterKey, FakeID and Stagefright vulnerabilities that have been disclosed at the Black Hat conference in recent years. For example, the headlines about Stagefright claimed a billion users were at risk. But Ludwig refuted that claim, saying the reality is very different, noting that Google has no confirmed evidence of user exploitation. Looking forward, Ludwig realizes that Google still has work to do to make Android even more secure. Among the big challenges is reducing the amount of time it takes for carriers and device vendors to make security updates available, which is an area that Google is actively working to address. Ludwig also expects to continue to grow Google's bug bounty program for Android, rewarding researchers for reporting potential security issues. Fundamentally, while the challenges of securing over a billion users falls on Google, Ludwig noted that for users, the bottom line is it all should just work. "People don't want to think about security, they; just want it to be that way," he said. Sean Michael Kerner is a senior editor at eWEEK and InternetNews.com. Follow him on Twitter @TechJournalist.           LATEST SECURITY ARTICLES   Congressional Staffers See Russian Hacking, FISA Vote as Priorities Homeland Security Chairman: We're in the Fight of Our Digital Lives Determinism Is the Key to Security, IDC Tells RSA Conference How Google Secures Over a Billion Android Users Ransomware Becoming Bigger Threat for Businesses, Critical Infrastructure                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows HPE Acquires Security Analytics Vendor Niara A Look at What's Next for Ubuntu Linux in 2017 Kaspersky Discovers New Malware Designed to Stealthily Steal Data Ransomware Takes Out 70 Percent of Washington DC Security Cameras Encryption for Data at Rest comes to Azure File Storage 10 Reasons Why Apple iPad Sales Conti... In a record-setting fourth quarter that saw Apple generate $78.4 bi... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Amazon Echo And Google Home May Get Voice Call Support By Adnan Farooqui on 02/15/2017 08:04 PST Amazon and Google are both selling smart speakers that are powered by AI virtual personal assistants that can do anything from hailing an Uber, searching the internet, creating reminders to streaming music. According to a new report, both companies are working to bring one major feature to the Amazon Echo and Google Home. It’s claimed that both smart speakers may soon receive voice call support. The Wall Street Journal reports today that Amazon and Google are both thinking about enabling Echo and Home to make voice calls on command. The report adds that this feature might be rolled out to both devices as soon as this year. However, there might be some issues related to privacy aside from concerns related to regulatory problems and emergency services that the companies will have to tackle before they can make something like this happen. This feature will also be limited in its usefulness because users will only be able to make calls over speakerphone which means that if they want to have a private conversation, they’ll have to use their smartphone. It should be easier for Google, at least in theory, to get this service running on Home given that it has been running a phone service on Google Voice for seven years and on Project Fi for a couple of years now. Amazon is said to be considering multiple options such as syncing the device to the user’s existing phone number to separate numbers for Echo devices. Another issue they will need to figure out is the switchover from the phone to speakerphone when entering or leaving the room. Amazon and Google have not yet commented on this report. Filed in Gadgets. Read more about Amazon Echo, connected objects and google home. Related Articles 2017-01-18 Vizio Smart Devices Get Google Home Compatibility 2017-01-03 Google Home Can Now Remotely Control Your Hyundai Car 2016-12-27 Police Seeking Access To Amazon Echo Data In Murder Case 2016-12-27 Amazon 2016 Holiday Sales See A Billion Items Shipped 2016-12-20 Amazon Echo Out Of Stock During The Holidays 2016-12-20 Google Home Will Play Nice With Sony’s Speakers And TVs 2016-12-14 Wynn Las Vegas To Equip All Rooms With An Amazon Echo 2016-12-11 Netflix & Google Photos Integration Showing Up For Google Home Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES Valve Apparently Prototyped Half-Life 3 As An RTS Tim Cook Teases ‘The Best Is Yet To Come’ For The iPhone Retro-bit Brings Nintendo’s Game Boy Back From The Dead User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology Paid Search, Phone Calls Coming To Amazon Echo, Google Home? Amazon's Echo smart speaker could soon have voice calling and voice search features, observers speculate. (ZUMAPRESS.com/Newscom) REINHARDT KRAUSE 2/15/2017 Reprints Amazon.com (AMZN) and Google reportedly are working on technology that could turn their voice-activated, smart home speaker systems into phones, while there's also speculation over Amazon's plans for paid search on its popular Echo devices. Amazon has sold more than 8.2 million Echo home speakers, says Consumer Intelligence Research. Google-parent Alphabet (GOOGL) launched its artificial-intelligence supported home speaker system last fall but hasn't disclosed shipments. Amazon and Alphabet are racing to add more features to the internet-connected home devices. It's not clear if telecom regulations would get in the way of Amazon's Echo or Google Home adding communications features, the Wall Street Journal reported. Analysts view the new Republican-led Federal Communications Commission as being more friendly to AT&T (T) and Verizon Communications (VZ) on regulation. IBD'S TAKE: Weibo, Netflix, and Tesla are on IBD's Leaderboard, which follows top stocks from their work on forming bases, through their breakouts, to their post-breakout action, up to the point where they start topping. Meanwhile, observers speculate that Amazon might offer a search service via its Echo home devices, which would pose a threat to Google's core advertising business. A top Amazon executive signaled paid search plans at an advertising industry meeting on Jan. 19. While Google's business has weathered the migration of search to mobile phones from desktop PCs, voice-assisted technology from Amazon, Apple (AAPL) and possibly others could pose a long-term threat, analysts say. Google was asked about voice-based search on its Q4 earnings call on Jan. 26. Google CEO Sundar Pichai said: "On voice search, we are really excited about it. You know, I think it's a very natural way for users to interact. We think it will be one mode. Users will have many different ways by which they interact with computing. And for voice, you know, as you pointed out, we expect voice to work across many different contexts." "So we are thinking about it across phones, homes, TVs, cars, and, you know, trying to drive that ecosystem that way," Pichai added. "And we want Google to be there for users when they need it. And even with Google Home, we just launched it in Q4. We had a very strong quarter there. And, you know, we are going to invest a lot in it over 2017." Alphabet shares ended the day down 0.3% to 837.32 on the stock market today, while Amazon stock was up 0.8% to 842.70. Alphabet and Amazon last month hit buy points at 824.40 and 821.75, respectively, but the moves have been a bit shaky. RELATED: No Need To Ask Jeeves When You Can Ask Apple, Amazon, Facebook, Google Amazon Analysts Turn Sour Following Q4 Results Below Views REINHARDT KRAUSE | Facebook | @IBD_RKrause Share this: Related news Fidelity managers made a 53% net addition to their share count in aerospace and defense contractor Northrop Grumman. (Northrop Grumman) Did Fidelity's Q4 Stock Buys And Sells Affect Your Retirement Account? 2/15/2017 Want Fidelity Investments' world-class research resources to work for your retirement accounts and your taxable portfolios? Here's how. 2/15/2017 Want Fidelity Investments' world-class research resources to work for your... Shopify Q4 Earnings, Q1 Revenue Guidance Beat, Shares Up Facebook Push Into Video Allows Time To Catch Up On AI Applications Soros Goes For Facebook, Appaloosa Cuts Apple; Airlines Popular Amazon, P&G, Humana Get Price-Target Hikes; Under Armour Cut Again How Mayhem, Drama Can Help The American Mall Cheat Death Set Your Phone On 'Facebook Mode'? Videos Will Autoplay With Sound Shopify Receives Price-Target Boost Ahead Of Q4 Earnings Mattel, Alibaba Team Up To Tackle China Toy Market Today's Spotlight New IBD App Download our new free iOS and Android App! It’s a faster, cleaner, and mobile optimized experience. MarketSmith Premium Get on the fast track to New Year profits with a MarketSmith trial. Free IBD Trading Summits Attend a Summit in Long Island (2/25) or Cupertino (3/4) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! More News Fidelity managers made a 53% net addition to their share count in aerospace and defense contractor Northrop Grumman. (Northrop Grumman) Did Fidelity's Q4 Stock Buys And Sells Affect Your Retirement Account? Apple's CFO said the tech titan would likely use tax reform to repatriate cash for shareholder returns, not U.S. investments. (Apple) Sorry Trump: Apple Plans To Use Tax Cuts To Return Capital, Not Create Jobs The Direxion Leveraged ETF Online Education Center helps you understand if leveraged ETFs are suitable for you. Promoted Content By Direxion Special Report (JStone/Shutterstock) Donald Trump News & Tweets: ObamaCare, Immigration, Trade, Economy Track Trump's latest moves and tweets. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Skip to content Search Menu Comic Library Contribute Podcasts Advertising About Us Contact Search Search Menu Comic Library Contribute Podcasts Advertising About Us Contact Search Case Study: "Zero Downtime: How These Six Companies Achieved It" Read how these six organizations ­­– Circlum Farma, oXya, Nimble Group, Burton Corporation, Baldor Electric, Business Connection –– successfully minimize or eliminate server downtime with SUSE solutions. Contact us for more information on listing your whitepaper, case study or report. DOWNLOAD Cloud Competition Keeps Us On Our Toes February 15, 2017February 15, 2017 by Jennifer Klostermann 28shares Cloud Competition A recent study predicts the global cloud computing market will grow at a CAGR of approximately 27.5% in the next ten years, hitting around $1,250 billion by 2025. Unsurprising, perhaps, considering the continued increase of cloud computing applications and solutions, but a phenomenal expansion nonetheless. And this year we’re seeing a number of the tech giants building on their strengths while simultaneously fighting to the fore in categories where they lag. It’s going to be an exciting few years for the users of cloud, provided with a dizzying array of creative and constructive new solutions, and an aggressive battle for the win played out by industry leaders, agile minors, and feisty newcomers. Google’s Cloud Spanner Though Google trails Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure in the cloud market, the company has been assertively pushing new capabilities and services to grow its market share of late. The most recent provision, Cloud Spanner, has Gartner research director, Nick Heudecker, predicting a major market win that will leave the competition in the dust. Says Heudecker, “Cloud Spanner is not just software. It is the union of software, hardware — in the form of atomic clocks in Google’s data centers — and an incredibly robust network connecting their data centers together. So it’s not just writing code. It’s a lot of investment and a lot of operational expertise that Google excels at.” Cloud Spanner offers Google’s database services in a public cloud product, a fully managed database that’s said to deliver both traditional database consistency and NoSQL database scalability and performance. Instead of choosing one or the other, sacrificing either scalability or consistency, Cloud Spanner promises the best of both worlds, supplied as a fully managed service. Heudecker believes financial services and advertisers, among others, will likely benefit from the product, but remarks that the necessity to port existing applications may prove difficult. Oracle Goes Down Under Another giant looking to improve their cloud market position, Oracle will likely soon disclose a critical investment in Australia, establishing their cloud platform and infrastructure service. Currently selling cloud-based software products in the market, users will no longer have to rely on overseas hosting. A sizeable investment, but necessary, according to Oracle Australia and New Zealand managing director Rob Willis. “If you are going to open up something like this you have to get to a certain point and that investment is huge. You have to secure the facility, then you have to ship in a whole bunch of hardware and people to put it all together before loading in all the software and making it work. So it is a huge investment, but we have found elsewhere that what we get back from making that investment is worth it.” Currently, Australia boasts the likes of leading Amazon Web Service and Microsoft cloud ventures, and in September Google’s Compute offering is scheduled to launch in Sydney. Willis notes that while some Oracle customers are not yet willing to move to the cloud, most have been waiting for just this opportunity. Moreover, their software as a service model is enlarging their market share through pay for usage models that open up services to customers both large and small. Says Willis, “One of the most exciting things about the cloud is that it meets the typical requirements of our large customers, but also generates interest from smaller and medium-sized companies, who want the benefits of enterprise-style infrastructure.” Along with these developments, rumours abound of Windows 10 Cloud, potentially simplifying user experiences and more effectively taking on the Chromebook market. And Amazon Web Services is entering the cloud communication and collaboration market with the launch of Amazon Chime, it’s new service developed to battle applications such as Skype for Business, WebEx, and GoToMeeting. It seems no one is satisfied with holding position, a sure advantage to users gleefully enjoying service advances, application innovations, and cost improvements. By Jennifer Klostermann Author About Jennifer Klostermann Jennifer Klostermann is an experienced writer with a Bachelor of Arts degree majoring in writing and performance arts. She has studied further in both the design and mechanical engineering fields, and worked in a variety of areas including market research, business and IT management, and engineering. An avid technophile, Jen is intrigued by all the latest innovations and trending advances, and is happiest immersed in technology. Categories Cloud Computing, Security Post navigation Intel Security Mends Cybersecurity Fragmentation with Unifying Strategy Cisco earnings: Will big bets on software pay off? Cisco earnings: Will big bets on software pay off? When Cisco Systems Inc. reports earnings Wednesday, the big question will be if the networking giant’s repeated gambles on software can reverse a yearlong sales slide, or at least point to a reversal of that trend in the future. Cisco CSCO, +1.06%  is scheduled to report fiscal second-quarter earnings less than a month after announcing its latest multibillion-dollar software acquisition, ... Read More Intel Security Mends Cybersecurity Fragmentation with Unifying Strategy Offering Integrated and Automated Solutions, Expansive Partner Ecosystem, Advanced Architecture with Cross-Industry Collaboration SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14, 2017 – Today Intel Security outlined a new, unifying approach for the cybersecurity industry that strives to eliminate fragmentation through updated integrated solutions, new cross-industry partnerships and product integrations within the Intel Security Innovation Alliance and Cyber Threat Alliance (CTA). “Transforming isolated technologies ... Read More Juniper Research: Mobile Operators Eye $85 Billion Service Opportunities Over Next 5 Years IoT Enablement, Analytics Offer Strong Monetisation Opportunities HAMPSHIRE, UNITED KINGDOM--(Marketwired - February 13, 2017) - A new study from Juniper Research has calculated that mobile network operators can realise an additional $85 billion in revenues over the next five years through the deployment and enhancement of non-core services including Big Data analytics and IoT (Internet of Things) enablement. Operators "Can ... Read More Intel Announces $7 Billion Arizona Based Semiconductor Factory Intel Corp (INTC.O) chose the Oval Office as its backdrop to announce a $7 billion investment in a new Arizona semiconductor factory, a plant it said would create 3,000 new jobs when it is up and running. Intel Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich announced the investment to reporters while standing behind President Donald Trump, a signal of how corporate America ... Read More Cloud Security Alliance and Securing Smart Cities Release Municipal Drone Best Practices Securing Smart Cities SEATTLE, Feb. 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Cloud Security Alliance (CSA), the world's leading organization dedicated to defining and raising awareness of best practices to help ensure a secure cloud computing environment, together with Securing Smart Cities, a not-for-profit global initiative that aims to solve the existing and future cyber security problems of smart cities, today announced the ... Read More Contributors What’s Next In Cloud And Data Security For 2017? Cloud and Data Security It has been a tumultuous year in data privacy to say the least – we’ve had ... Read More Cyber Security: McAfee on IoT Threats and Autonomous Cars IoT Threats and Autonomous Cars Autonomous cars are just around the corner, there have been controversies surrounding their safety, and ... Read More Disaster Recovery – A Thing Of The Past! Disaster Recovery  Ok, ok – I understand most of you are saying disaster recovery (DR) is still a critical aspect ... Read More Cost of the Cloud: Is It Really Worth It? Cost of the Cloud Cloud computing is more than just another storage tier. Imagine if you’re able to scale up ... Read More Three Tips To Simplify Governance, Risk and Compliance Governance, Risk and Compliance Businesses are under pressure to deliver against a backdrop of evolving regulations and security threats. In ... Read More Recent State of the Cloud Report In 2017 Cloud Report 2017 As the definitive guide to the biggest trends in the cloud industry, this year’s “State of the ... Read More Safeguarding Data When Employees Leave The Company Safeguarding Data Employee turnover is unavoidable. According to CompData Consulting, the average employee turnover rate in 2015 in the US ... Read More Tips to Help You Get the Most Out of Big Data Analytics Get the Most Out of Big Data Analytics The amount and type of data related companies continues to increase each ... Read More Autonomous Self Driving Car Leaders Reveal Why Drivers Revert To Manual Autonomous cars Autonomous cars covered over 640,000 test miles on Californian roads in 2015. Eleven developers released car testing reports ... Read More Moore’s Law and Quantum Computing Quantum Computing 1971 saw the release of the world’s first commercially available microprocessor – Intel’s 4004. In the years that ... Read More Popular Digital Marketing Hubs And The Cloud Digital Market Hubs Gartner’s recently released research, Magic Quadrant for Digital Marketing Hubs, recognizes the big four marketing cloud vendors ... Read More Mobile Connected Technologies – The Future Of The Healthcare Industry Mobile Connected Technologies Clinics, hospitals, and other healthcare facilities are embracing new mobile technologies in order to be more efficient ... Read More What You Need To Know About Choosing A Cloud Service Provider Selecting The Right Cloud Services Provider How to find the right partner for cloud adoption on an enterprise scale The ... Read More The Rise Of BI Data And How To Use It Effectively The Rise of BI Data Every few years, a new concept or technological development is introduced that drastically improves the ... Read More Cloud Infographic – Big Data Analytics Trends Big Data Analytics Trends As data information and cloud computing continues to work together, the need for data analytics continues ... Read More Cloud Computing Price War Rages On Cloud Computing Price War There’s little question that the business world is a competitive place, but probably no area in ... Read More Cloud Infographic – Guide To Small Business Cloud Computing Small Business Cloud Computing Trepidation is inherently attached to anything that involves change and especially if it involves new technologies. SMBs are incredibly ... Read More Cloud Computing – A Requirement For Greater Innovation Cloud Computing Innovation Sao Paulo, Brazil has had trouble with both energy and water supplies as of late. Despite it ... Read More CURATED LIST - Tweaks, Tools & Resources Threat Cloud Kaspersky Cybermap Digital Attack Map Threatbutt Fire Eye HaveIbeenpwned Hackaday Hackerone Downdetector Gtmetrix Pingdom Tools Pagespeed Insights Bandwidthplace Teardown ifixit Instructables Builtwith Userbenchmark CPU World Compressor.io Mashape ProgrammableWeb Mashery Angel.io Alternative To Crunchbase Webhostinggeeks Statista Searchcode Nerdy Data Freecodecamp Dirtymarkup Codewars About Us Established in 2009, CloudTweaks has grown to become an industry-leading authority in cloud-connected information technology resources. We provide news, thought leadership pieces, podcasts and our own unique brand of tech related comics.... Stay connected and subscribe to our newsletter for weekly updates... AI Big Data Cloud Computing Fintech Internet of Things Infosec Martech Email Us Copyright © 2017 · CloudTweaks - contact (@) cloudtweaks.com
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Google Tech Voice calls may be coming to the Amazon Echo and Google Home New, 8 comments Landlines forever by Micah Singleton@MicahSingleton Feb 15, 2017, 10:28am EST share tweet Linkedin Amazon and Google are considering bringing voice calls to their respective smart home speakers, according to a report from The Wall Street Journal. The feature could be rolled out to Amazon Echo and Google Home speakers as soon as this year, but both companies have concerns about privacy, emergency services, and regulatory hurdles. There’s also the fact that you would only make calls over speakerphone, which could limit the usefulness of the feature for some users. Theoretically it would be easier for Google to get a phone service up and running on the Home, given that it’s been operating Google Voice for seven years and launched Project Fi back in 2015, while Amazon has to start from scratch to get its phone service up and running. According to the Journal, Amazon is considering a number of different options, including syncing to the user’s existing phone number, call forwarding, or the Echo getting its own phone number. Switching between your phone and the speaker when you leave the room or house is also an issue that reportedly needs to be ironed out. Given the numerous hurdles, it seems like it will be a while before you’re ordering takeout over your Google Home speaker, but it is the next logical step for both companies. The landline isn’t dead yet. Next Up In Circuit Breaker Huawei will have its own voice assistant in China ZTE is coming out with a gigabit phone at Mobile World Congress McDonald’s over-engineered the straw so you can drink your Shamrock Shake I've been doing Windows screenshots wrong this whole time The Growler Chill looks like a smarter way to drink beer at home Everything we know about Moto's upcoming G5 and G5 Plus Now Trending I've been doing Windows screenshots wrong this whole time Exclusive: The Caavo streaming box is built on game-changing machine vision for TV Nokia’s legendary 3310 rumored to return at MWC This Article has a component height of 7. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker Google Mobile Huawei will have its own voice assistant in China by Vlad Savov@vladsavov Fresh off integrating Amazon's Alexa in the Huawei Mate 9, the world's third biggest smartphone manufacturer is now also working on crafting its own voice assistant, specifically tailored for China. A report from Bloomberg has illuminated some of... New, 0 comments Circuit Breaker Mobile Tech ZTE is coming out with a gigabit phone at Mobile World Congress by Rich McCormick It might not be time for proper 5G devices just yet, but ZTE is bringing us a step closer, announcing today that it will show off one of the first gigabit LTE smartphones at Mobile World Congress this month. Called — fittingly — the ZTE Gigabit... New, 2 comments Science Space Rocket Lab’s experimental rocket arrives at New Zealand launch pad for debut flight by Loren Grush@lorengrush After three years of developing a brand new rocket, aerospace startup Rocket Lab has finally transported a finished vehicle to the New Zealand launch pad where it will take its first flight. The rocket, called the Electron, has been tested on the... New, 2 comments Web Culture Reddit overhauls its front page for new users and lurkers by Rich McCormick Reddit — the self-described “front page of the internet” — has changed its front page. Rather than the top stories from 50 curated subreddits, visitors to the site will now see popular stories from across the site, on a new homepage the company... New, 3 comments Apple Tech Apple may replace the home button with a ‘function area’ on the next iPhone by Jordan Golson@jlgolson The next iPhone could see the elimination of the Home button and Touch ID sensor in favor of an edge-to-edge design and “virtual buttons” at the bottom of the screen. The rumors come from the well-sourced Ming-Chi Kuo, an analyst for KGI, via M... New, 28 comments US & World Tech Cybersecurity New bill would require cops to get warrants for Stingray cell tracking by Natt Garun@nattgarun A bipartisan group of House and Senate lawmakers today introduced a bill that would require US police agencies to obtain a warrant before deploying cell-site simulation surveillance devices known as “stingrays,” reports USA Today. Stingrays are... New, 2 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 16, 4:20 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Android Wear 2.0 Uber App Download: Google Keeps Promise Of Bringing Ride-Hailing Service To Smartwatch OS By Corazon Victorino On 02/15/17 AT 10:14 AM Close There’s good news and there’s very good news — the kind that arrives when all hope is lost. The latter is what Google fans are getting this Wednesday because the Mountain View giant just added the overdue support for Uber on the Android Wear smartwatch OS.  According to Android Police, Uber is now available on Google’s Android Wear OS. This is music to the ears of fans who waited for the ride-hailing service to come to the smartwatch OS. It can be noted that Google promised to bring Uber to Android Wear during its I/O 2015 event 21 months ago. The almost two years waiting period may have irked some Android fans. To appease them, Google did not wait for its I/O 2017 event — scheduled to happen from May 17 through 19 — just to break the very good news.  The Uber app for Google’s smartwatch OS is a standalone app. This means it can work on its own without the need of a tethered smartphone. Since this isn’t a companion app, users can request rides directly from the smartwatch because all pertinent features and data are found on the Android Wear app. Users can check prices and ETAs and even bookmark destinations without having to use a phone. Even the car model and the plate number of the Uber ride are displayed on the Uber app’s interface.  Related Stories Report: Uber Drivers Getting Robbed And Killed, Company Slow To React Uber Sues Seattle For Letting Drivers Unionize Android Wear 2.0 Brings In New Features Unfortunately, the arrival of Uber onto the smartwatch operating system cannot be considered as good news by many Android consumers as of late. Apparently, Google decided that the ride-hailing service should only be exclusive to Android Wear 2.0, as per Phone Arena. This means all timepieces running Android Wear will not have support for the Uber app. For those that will be updated to Android Wear 2.0 in the future, they will eventually get the chance to support the app. For users with devices stuck with Android Wear, this is already a sign that they need to upgrade.  Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch users can now download the Uber app directly from the Play Store on their device. This gives Uber an advantage over its competitor, Lyft. The latter’s Android Wear app was removed from the Play Store way before Android Wear 2.0 was launched. It isn’t clear if the app will be revived anytime soon, but it’s possible that Lyft could also be working on a standalone app for the new Google smartwatch OS.   Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business FBI Releases Documents In Trump Housing Discrimination Probe The document dump under the Freedom of Information Act came the same day the president railed against leaks to the media. Technology 5 Smartphone Trends For 2017 The technology is expected to go through major hardware innovations this year. World US, South Korea To Discuss North Korea Nuclear Weapons Program The meeting in Germany comes just days after North Korea's testing of an intermediate-range ballistic missile, which Pyongyang claims is capable of carrying a nuclear warhead. National Restaurants Show Solidarity With ‘Day Without Immigrants’ The grassroots campaign against President Donald Trump's policies has called on foreign-born people in the country to not work or spend money to demonstrate their importance. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google is turning a key technology into a weapon in its cloud war with Amazon and Microsoft Matt Weinberger Feb. 14, 2017, 12:00 PM 12,002 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google cloud boss Diane Greene Google Back in 2012, Google unveiled Spanner — a globe-spanning database technology, the first of its kind, designed to keep the search advertising giant's massive online operations in sync all over the world.  Nowadays, Spanner is the database behind Google services like Gmail, Google Photos, and AdWords. But getting Spanner off the ground over the course of five years required Google to rethink how it built systems. The most dramatic example is "TrueTime," a system for making sure that every single one of its massive data centers had the exact same time on its clocks, down to the picosecond, so that data flows in and out of Spanner in the right order. To get TrueTime running, Google had to build antennae on top of every one of its 15 data centers, so multiple GPS satellites could cross-check the time with each other. Now, for the first time ever, Google is opening Spanner up to the outside world with Cloud Spanner, the newest arrow in Google Cloud's quiver as it takes aim at the $10 billion Amazon Web Services juggernaut, and the fast-growing Microsoft Azure cloud. Google Cloud customers can now basically rent out Spanner for their own apps and services, using the same technology that Google uses in-house. "CloudSpanner is literally a unique service," says Google Cloud Lead Product Manager for Databases Dominic Preuss. "There is literally no other way to do this." Database wars Like Oracle, MySQL, IBM DB2, or any number of other database software products, Cloud Spanner uses the SQL language for "querying," or getting information from, the system. That means it's a familiar experience for anybody coming from those kinds of databases, which would be most customers.  But like newer kinds of databases, including trendy systems like the Facebook-created Cassandra, it's designed to handle massive amounts of information. One of Google's famous data centers. Google And, even for those customers that don't necessarily need their databases to hold that much data, Cloud Spanner is still hosted from those very same Google Cloud data centers, hardened against hardware failure, cyberattack, and everything in between. From Preuss' perspective, that alone is a huge selling point: Google handles the hard part, including operating the servers; you just reap the benefits of their tech. The competitive edge Google really believes that Cloud Spanner is a better way of building databases, as proven by its own usage — "just because we're different doesn't make us a [fragile] snowflake," jokes Cloud Spanner Product Manager Deepti Srivastava. Still, it requires some retooling and some effort to make Cloud Spanner work with existing apps, and Srivastava acknowledges that not every customer will want to (or be able to) put in the effort to move their stuff over. For those customers, Google offers Cloud SQL, a product that's much more like traditional database software. Oracle founder Larry Ellison Business Insider In the bigger picture, Srivastava says that with today's news, Google Cloud is a "one-stop" data shop: Cloud SQL for traditional customers; Cloud Spanner for the adventurous and those building new apps; and the BigQuery data analysis engine for actually working with the data stored therein. In a competitive sense, Oracle, Amazon, and Microsoft all specifically pitch their cloud computing platforms as the best place to run databases — with Oracle's cloud optimized for Oracle databases and Microsoft's optimized for its own database products.  But Preuss would point out that none of them have Google's experience with dealing with massive amounts of data, at huge scales, and working with them in real time.  "Google at its core is a data company," says Preuss. Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: Snap will pay Google at least $400 million a year for the next 5 years NOW WATCH: Here’s how the top Silicon Valley companies are responding to Trump’s immigration ban Loading video... More: Google Google Cloud Cloud Computing facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google is turning a key technology into a weapon in its cloud war with Amazon and Microsoft Google is turning a key technology into a weapon in its cloud war with Amazon and Microsoft Back in 2012, Google unveiled Spanner — a... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Enterprise Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Navigation gHacks Technology News The independent technology news blog Home Header Menu Home Windows Software Firefox Chrome Google Android Email Deals Best of Support Us Return to Content Local CDN for Chrome By Martin Brinkmann on February 15, 2017 in Google Chrome - Last Update:February 15, 2017 1 Local CDN is a browser extension for the Google Chrome browser that will load certain libraries from the local system instead of content distribution networks. The extension is a fork of the Decentraleyes add-on that is only available for Firefox, and brings the add-ons functionality to Chrome and Chromium-based browsers. If you monitor network traffic when you connect to sites, for instance by opening the networking tab of the browser's Developer tools, you may notice that a lot of sites load libraries. Some load them from the local server, while others may load them from popular content distribution networks, for instance Google's or CloudFlare's. Local CDN for Chrome Local CDN ships with local copies of these libraries. It redirects requests to the local copies whenever a site tries to load one of these matching libraries. The core benefits for the user are twofold. First, loading libraries from the local system is always faster than loading it from a remote host. Second, a connection to the remote host is not made, which means that your device's IP address does not end up in the log file of said site. Local CDN adds an icon to Chrome's toolbar that indicates the number of libraries that it redirected to local files. You can verify this by opening the Network tab in Chrome, and looking for resources with the status code 307 internal redirect under headers. The following hostnames are supported by the current version of the extension: ajax.googleapis.com ajax.aspnetcdn.com ajax.microsoft.com cdnjs.cloudflare.com code.jquery.com cdn.jsdelivr.net yastatic.net yandex.st libs.baidu.com lib.sinaapp.com upcdn.b0.upaiyun.com Only supported libraries are redirected. The developer states that "almost all versions" of the following libraries are supported: angular backbone dojo ember extCore jQuery jQueryUI modernizr mootools prototypeJS scriptaculous swfobject underscore webfont For the extension to do anything, it is therefore required that a site loads one of the supported libraries from one of the supported hostnames. If it does not do one or the other, libraries won't be loaded from the local system. Local CDN resolves one of the gripes that I had with Decentraleyes for Firefox. It highlights if resources are replaced with local copies, whereas the Firefox add-on did not do that back then when I reviewed it. The extension is as limited as the Firefox add-on when it comes to flexibility. It is not possible to add your own CDN servers to the list for instance, or configure the extension to load these libraries even if they are not loaded from a CDN but the site in question directly. Closing Words Local CDN is a useful extension for Chrome that improves privacy and also speed when supported libraries are loaded from hostnames that it supports. It is likely that it works in other Chromium based browsers as well, and maybe even in Firefox. That has not been tested however. Now You: Feel free to share your experience using the extension in the comment section below Summary Author Rating 3 based on 3 votes Software Name Local CDN Software Category Browser Landing Page https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/local-cdn/dgfedofdiaapcideaajjaklpmdpcdapg Please share this article About Martin Brinkmann Martin Brinkmann is a journalist from Germany who founded Ghacks Technology News Back in 2005. He is passionate about all things tech and knows the Internet and computers like the back of his hand.You can follow Martin on Facebook, Twitter or Google+ View all posts by Martin Brinkmann → You are here: Home > Google Chrome > Local CDN for Chrome How to force Flash updates in Chrome Cliqz acquires Ghostery Responses to Local CDN for Chrome Ken February 15, 2017 at 11:02 pm # Hi Martin. Long time user of DecentralEyes here. Another benefit not mentioned: user is not vulnerable to attack from a Man-in-the-middle serving malicious script when scripts are loaded over non-secure pages (eg: attacker poisoned your DNS cache so your browser resolves whatever.cdn.com/file.js to a malicious file) One note of correction: on Firefox, although DecentralEyes doesn't make its redirection obvious in the UI (the author said he would but hasn't yet), the extension does add a note to the source script. If you use dev tools to view the source for a locally loaded script, you will see a note from the extension above the script. Finally, one limitation you mentioned was that the script is not locally loaded unless the original URL is one of the supported domains. This makes sense (at least until sub-resource-integrity checks become standard) because the extension has no way to know that a file of the same name but from a different URL is in fact the same script as from the supported URL Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Your Name Your E-mail (will not be published) Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Subscribe / Connect   Ghacks Technology Newsletter   Ghacks Daily Newsletter Advertisement Advertisement Recent Updates Free CD Burning Software Firefox privacy and security preferences Firefox 51.0.3 for Android Pale Moon 27.1.0 Thunderbird 45.7.1 released Windows 10 Privacy Software The best Chrome extensions The best Firefox addons Use a RAM disk for SSDs Firefox 51.0.1 Random Software Review Snippage: Display Website Contents On The Computer Desktop Topics Apple Development Facebook Games Ghacks Hardware Internet Internet Explorer Linux Microsoft Mobile Computing Music And Video Networks Opera Security Tutorials Partner Sites Advertisement About Ghacks Ghacks is a technology news blog that was founded in 2005 by Martin Brinkmann. It has since then become one of the most popular tech news sites on the Internet with five authors and regular contributions from freelance writers. Information About Contact Disclaimer Rss Feeds Privacy Policy We Use Authors Martin Brinkmann Alan Buckingham Kevin Dearing © 2017 gHacks Technology News. All Rights Reserved.
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login LG explains why the G6 has a big 'FullVision' display Analyst rumor: iPhone 8 'function area' to replace home button BlackBerry's share of the smartphone market is virtually zero Latest in Gear LG explains why the G6 has a big 'FullVision' display 3h ago View Analyst rumor: iPhone 8 'function area' to replace home button 4h ago View BlackBerry's share of the smartphone market is virtually zero 5h ago View Republicans hope to overturn internet privacy rules 8h ago View Image credit: save Save share Google Assistant can share your personal info in Allo chats You can let it exchange appointments, contacts and more. Steve Dent, @stevetdent 19h ago in Mobile Comments 351 Shares Share Tweet Share Save For now, Allo is the one place where regular Android users can get a taste of Google Assistant, the AI helper that's otherwise reserved for Google's own Pixel phones. You can call on it during a chat with one or more folks, and it can do a search, set reminders and even tell a joke. Google has just given it a new trick that should make it more useful -- letting you share contacts, calendar appointments and other personal info. To use it, you just type "@google," and then tap the assistant when it pops up. You can then ask for a meeting date or airline reservation, for instance, and it will privately show you any of the information that it can find. From there, you can tap "share now" to show the info to other parties in the Allo chat. That makes it easy to quickly give pals a contact number without having to look it up, for instance. Or, if you're trying to coordinate a work trip, you can have Google Assistant give your hotel reservations to colleagues during a chat. Google Hangouts, the predecessor to Allo (and still the preferred chat app of many Google users), has had similar capabilities for a few years now -- it'll even listen in to conversations and let you share your location if someone asks where you are. Facebook recently launched similar capabilities for its "M" Messenger AI assistant, too. It's debatable whether they'll make you more productive, but Google needs to draw interest to Allo however it can. Via: Android Police Source: Google In this article: Allo, Chat, gear, google, GoogleAssistant, mobile, Pixel, services, SMS 351 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 14m 14m ago in Business 'EverQuest' co-creator joins Amazon Games Studio in San Diego John Smedley will lead a team in AGS' new Southern California offices. By D. Lumb,  14m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Internet Reddit mixes up its front page with new 'r/Popular' subreddit Hopefully, posts from outsider communities will more easily rise to the top. By D. Lumb,  1h ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in Art Pixar opens a free Khan Academy course on storytelling It's the latest installment in a series of free courses from the studio. By M. Moon,  2h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Mobile LG explains why the G6 has a big 'FullVision' display Spoiler: It's for multitasking. By R. Lawler,  3h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Mobile Analyst rumor: iPhone 8 'function area' to replace home button Its 5.8-inch OLED screen is said to have a usable display of about 5.15-inches. By R. Lawler,  4h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Enable Instant Apps on Android Nougat Cory Gunther02/14/2017 Back at Google IO in 2016 Google announced Android 7.0 Nougat and a new feature called Instant Apps. Which allows our smartphones and tablets to use and enjoy apps without actually installing them. After a short wait some users are finally seeing this capability. In this guide we’ll explain how to enable Android Instant Apps on Nougat. Advertisement The idea behind this is simple. Users are able to temporarily install and use Android apps right from a web search or shared link, without ever downloading the application. Read: Android Nougat vs Android 6.0 Marshmallow: What’s New Giving us full access to an apps beautiful design, interface, performance and more without requiring the user to install it. This isn’t a web-optimized version of the app, but a full broken-down experience with the tap of a button. Google showcased Android Instant Apps up on stage, but confirmed it wasn’t coming until sometime in 2017 with Android 7.0 Nougat. Well, now that many are running Android 7.1.2 Nougat and such, this feature is starting to appear in search results. Advertisement Popular apps like Wish, the shopping application, have already started taking advantage of Instant apps. We can search for something to buy, use the Wish app and make a purchase all in seconds using their nicely designed app. The phone installs what it needs, then discards it when you’re done. This is the evolution of Android and how we use applications. Instead of filling up our phone and storage with apps, everything happens on the fly. If you’ve been excited about this hot new feature, below are the steps to enable it on select Nexus smartphones or tablets, as well as the Google Pixel and Pixel XL. How To Enable Android Instant Apps Until just recently, this feature was in the testing phase by Google with users left out of the fun. However, now we’re seeing select apps like Wish and potentially others already offering it. Google showcased it on Wish, BuzzFeed, Viki or even Periscope. This should work on most smartphones or tablets that run Android 7.0 Nougat. Not just Nexus or Pixel phones. Or it will soon. All you need to do is enable Android Instant Apps in settings under the Google tab, and browse the web. Advertisement Instructions Open “Settings” and find the “Google” Settings tab In Google settings scroll down and select “Instant Apps” Switch the tab to On to enable, and agree to the terms In Google Search look for Wish or BuzzFeed Other Details Our image above shows you exactly what to look for, where it is, and what to expect. Once owners head into Google and enable Instant Apps you’re all set. Now it’s just a matter of finding an app that has Instant Apps built-in, that will work as advertised. Wish appears to be the first one, but many more will be available in the coming weeks. If not already. We just need to find them. Go ahead and search for something, like Wish, and one of the many search results will have “launch instantly” under the icon. Instead of being directed to the Google Play Store, downloading an app and waiting for it to install, it just automatically adds parts of the app to our smartphone temporarily. It gives you the choice to launch Instant Apps, or browse the web version instead. Users can browse the store as if the app is installed, and it even uses Google’s secure payment system and everything. Find what you want, buy it and that’s it. Now the app will be removed from our temporary storage like nothing ever happened. Saving both time and space. Advertisement Popular shopping or news based websites and apps will be first to take advantage of this, but we can expect to see many more soon. It will be interesting to see the different ways companies take advantage of Android Instant Apps. Or how they’ll be able to see an installed user base, if the app is being uninstalled after use. Give it a try today and enjoy. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 3 Reasons Not to Install Galaxy S7 Nougat & 5 Reasons You Should 02/07/2017 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.2.1 & 6 Reasons You Should 02/01/2017
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Web / Internet Life > Google News FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! UK Wants Google to Fight Piracy, Even If It Takes Creating New Laws to Do It GO Unless Google follows through with putting in code to diminish piracy, a law will force it to do it anyway Feb 15, 2017 14:35 GMT  ·  By Gabriela Vatu  ·  Share:  The United Kingdom is planning to make Google comply to its anti-piracy rulebook even if the company doesn't want it, by setting down laws.  It seems that removing millions upon millions of links from its search results and doing backflips to accommodate copyright holders isn't enough, as lawmakers plan to make sure Google does their bidding with or without its express will. Last week, news came that Google, alongside other search engines, and copyright holders had reached somewhat of a decision that they would roll out a new set of coding rules on their platforms in order to prevent piracy as best as possible. In the event of Google and the other backing down from this decision, an amendment to the Digital Economy Bill will make sure to impose it anyway. So far, everyone's hope has been that the government would stay out of this fight between search engines, which merely provide a way for people to find things on the Internet, and copyright holders, which seem to believe Google is the Internet itself. Following last week's announcement, however, that hope flew out the window as Baroness Buscombe revealed that Intellectual Property Office officials chaired a round-table meeting between search engines and representatives of the creative industry. "While there are still elements of detail to be settled, the group is now agreed on the key content of the code and I expect an agreement to be reached very soon," Buscombe said on the matter. The amendment that gives the govt power over Google The "Code of practice on search engines and copyright infringement," however, is the backup in case the agreement falls. This is an amendment to the Digital Economy Bill and gives the Secretary of State the power to step in and force companies such as Google to comply with whatever they want. "The Secretary of State may impose by order a code of practice for search engine providers with the purpose of minimizing the availability and promotion of copyright infringing services, including those which facilitate copyright infringement by their users," reads the amendment. This type of action has no precedent and it would give the government incredible power over companies such as Google. #Google#piracy#Digital Economy Bill subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news YouTube Red Drops PewDiePie's Show, Pulls Chanel from Google Ad Program Following Pirate Bay Blockade, ISPs Fear This Is Just the Beginning Google Chrome Found to Infringe on Malware Patents, Ordered to Pay $20 Million Oracle's Row with Google over Java Gets Revived by New Appeal Apple’s iPhone 8 to Ditch Home Button in Favor of Virtual Capacitive Buttons No New Windows 10 Cumulative Updates Coming This Month After All Apple Edges Out Samsung to Become Top Global Smartphone Vendor in Q4 Microsoft Extends Support for Original Windows 10 Version Yahoo Notifies Users of More Malicious Activity Apple Files Patent for Manual Winding Mechanism for Apple Watch Microsoft Promises It Will Update Windows 10 Mobile Beyond Redstone 2 Apple’s iPhone 8 to Ditch Home Button in Favor of Virtual Capacitive Buttons    Google may have to do the British govt's bidding Related Apps Paradox Converter: Convert Paradox database files into XLS, XML, CSV, TXT, HTML, RTF, SQL and other formats by turning to this lightweight application Diplomat Cloud Storage Community Edition: Set up automated file transfers between a local network and various cloud storage services, using OpenPGP encryption, with this powerful software solution Tampermonkey: A simple to use extension that offers you a comprehensive environment in which you can create and install user scripts for Chrome MessageSave: Quickly backup, organize and save all your Outlook messages by relying on this user-friendly, unobtrusive and smoothly integrated addin Traffic Travis: SEO software for website promotion with modules for viewing the webpage rankings, analyzing the keyword relevance and finding competitors Thunderbird: Comprehensive e-mail client that lets you chat with other people and supports extensions, multiple tabs, and security features (e.g. signature, certificate, encryption etc.) Google Chrome: A web browser that combines a minimal design with sophisticated technology for delivering streamlined and secure browsing sessions Reader comments Following Pirate Bay Blockade, ISPs Fear This Is Just the Beginning more on: The Pirate Bay i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
× Like what you're reading? Never miss a thing with the HuffPost Canada Business newsletter!   Sign me up for the Daily Brief, too. Newsletter may include personalized content. Learn more. View mobile site February 16, 2017 Huffpost Canada Business ca Edition: ca Show/Hide عربي (Arabic) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Region: ALL Show/Hide All Canada Alberta British Columbia Québec (en français) Follow Newsletters Get Canada BusinessNewsletters Email address Enter Email Address iOS app Android app More Desktop Alerts $USERNAME Desktop Notifications Profile Settings Logout FRONT PAGE Politics Liberal MP Accuses Tories Of Laughing At Amarjeet Sohi's Past Career As Bus Driver 0 M-103: Liberal Government Will Support Iqra Khalid's Motion Condemning Islamophobia 0 Go to Politics More in Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Salute Politics Videos You Might Also Like US Politics UK Politics Business Cineplex Mulls Streaming Original Movies As Attendance Drops 6 Vancouver's Average House Price Drops By Nearly One-Fifth 0 Toronto Has A Housing Bubble, BMO Says, So Let's 'Drop The Pretense' 9 Google, Facebook Canadian Divisions Oppose 'Punitive' Media Tax Proposal 7 Jeff Wheeldon: Trump's Anti-Immigrant Stance Could Give Canada's Economy An Edge 1 Go to Business More in Business Working Poor Joint Venture Sunny Freeman Business Videos You Might Also Like Tech TechCrunch WorldPost How The British Royals Spent Super Bowl Sunday 0 French Presidential Candidate Suggests Beleaguered U.S. Researchers Could Work In France 0 Frank Pasquale: From Holocaust Denial To Hitler Admiration, Google's Algorithm Is Dangerous 0 As Trump Eases Russian Sanctions, Norway Reveals A Kremlin Cyberattack 0 Avalanche Kills At Least 50 In Afghanistan, Buries Village In Snow 0 Go to WorldPost More in WorldPost Foreign Affairs World Elections Arab Uprising Afghanistan War Syria Crisis You Might Also Like Travel Impact Parents Parents Need To Ditch The Parenting Books And Trust Their Gut 0 William Shatner Helps Boy With Autism Find 'Star Wars' Kraft Dinner 0 Olivia Wilde Melts Hearts On Valentine's Day With Sweet Snaps Of Kids 0 Chemo Drug Used To Treat Hodgkin's Lymphoma May Boost Fertility In Women 0 Go to Parents More in Parents Apparently Parents Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Weddings Living Stuart McLean Dies, But His 'Vinyl Cafe' Stories Will Keep Canadians Laughing 0 Stuart McLean, CBC Radio Host Of 'The Vinyl Cafe,' Dead At 68 25 Grammys President Says Award Show Doesn't Have A 'Race Problem At All' 0 South Koreans Share Their Thoughts On Black People In Eye-Opening Video 6 Asthma Sufferers Have A Hard Time Having Sex: Survey 0 Go to Living More in Living 2 Minutes To Transform Apparently I'm Sold Canada Say it. Make it. Eat it. Like A Tourist Living Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Style Katy Perry Loves Hillary Clinton So Much She Named A Shoe After Her 1 Vogue's Diversity Issue Features A White Model Wearing Yellowface 4 Haircuts 2017: The 7 Hottest Chops To Try This Year 0 Go to Style More in Style Style Videos Beauty Fashion Celeb Style Wedding Style Best And Worst Dressed Skincare You Might Also Like Style (U.S.) Weddings Entertainment Alec Baldwin's Donald Trump Takes His Grievances To 'The People's Court' On 'SNL' 0 Kate McKinnon Plays Jeff Sessions On 'SNL' Because She Can Be Literally Anyone 0 Think Leslie Jones Can't Play Donald Trump? You're Wrong, Bigly. 0 Meryl Streep Addresses Donald Trump's 'Over-Rated' Tweet In Moving Speech 0 Singer Al Jarreau Dead At 76 0 Go to Entertainment You Might Also Like Music Celebrity TV Moviefone Arts Bold Nude Photos Celebrate The 'Fat Love' Affairs That Go Unnoticed 0 Oprah's HBO Film Will Finally Tell The Story Of Henrietta Lacks 0 Image Of Naked Putin Fondling Pregnant Trump Haunts New Yorkers On Valentine's Day 0 Photos Capture The Scrutiny And Harassment Young Women Face Just Being In Public 0 To Protest Trump's Travel Ban, Museum Will Temporarily Remove All Work By Immigrant Artists 0 Go to Arts You Might Also Like Books Black Voices Latino Voices Gay Voices Religion Alberta Douglas Garland Trial: Triple-Murder Suspect Did Time For Drug Trafficking 0 'This Is Not A Passport Photo' Project Creates New Memories For Syrian Refugees 0 Go to Alberta More in Alberta Alberta Politics Alberta Business Rachel Notley Calgary Edmonton BC Usha Ram, B.C. Burger King Employee Fired For Taking 50 Cents Of Food, Awarded $46K 20 Magnetic Drug Implant From UBC Could Revolutionize How Drugs Are Delivered 0 Spencer Chandra Herbert, Husband Welcome Baby Boy 224 Go to BC More in BC B.C. Politics B.C. Business B.C. Good News B.C. RCMP Vancouver Vancouver Housing You Might Also Like B.C.Videos All Sections News Canada Politics Canada Business US Politics US Business World Media Sports Education Crime Weird News Good News Daily Finance Entertainment Entertainment Music TV Celebrity Comedy Arts Books Moviefone Life & Style Living Style Home Healthy Living Taste Weddings Travel Parents Divorce HuffPost 50 OWN Quiet Revolution Tech & Science Tech Science Green Techcrunch Engadget TUAW Joystiq Voices Impact Women Black Voices Latino Voices Queer Voices Religion College Teen Outspeak Local Quebec (French) Calgary Montreal Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Mapquest Patch.com Our Mobile Apps: iPhone iPad Android Phone Android Tablet Business Working Poor Joint Venture The Home Stretch Business Videos Calgary Triple-Murder Suspect Used Fake Name, Trafficked Drugs ► Oh Nothing, Just A Herd Of Caribou Licking Salt Off A Highway 'Vinyl Cafe' Stories That Showcase Stuart McLean's Talents MP Accuses Tories Of Laughing At Minister's Past Job Driving Bus CBC Radio Host Stuart McLean Dead At 68 Burger King Worker Fired Over 50 Cents Of Food Wins $46K In Court Cineplex Mulls Streaming Original Movies As Attendance Drops Leave It To This Maritimer To Plow Snow In A Bikini Parents Today Are, Well, Overparenting William Shatner Helps Boy With Autism Find 'Star Wars' Kraft Dinner Alberta Photographer Takes Family Photos For Refugees Who Lost It All Liberals Back Motion Condemning Islamophobia, Despite Tory Concerns Magnetic Drug Implant Erases All Your Pill-Swallowing Fears Vancouver's Average House Price Drops By Nearly One-Fifth For 1st Time, A Canadian Bank Admits Toronto Has A Housing Bubble Previous Story Next Story Google, Facebook Canadian Divisions Oppose 'Punitive' Media Tax Proposal CP  |  By Terry Pedwell, The Canadian Press Posted: 02/15/2017 9:11 am EST Updated: 02/15/2017 9:11 am EST Share Tweet 0 Email Comment tumblr stumble reddit ADVERTISEMENT OTTAWA — Proposals for tax changes aimed at helping Canadian publishers fight for revenues with online news aggregators would result in a punitive "tax on advertisers,'' executives from Google Canada and Facebook Canada told a Commons committee studying the country's media industry. That's because tax laws currently on the books designed to prop up the industry are archaic and simply don't apply to the Internet age, Jason Kee, Google Canada's head of policy and government relations, told the heritage committee Tuesday. Kee said he had concerns over how such changes would be implemented. "Long story short, it's essentially a tax on Canadian advertisers,'' he said. Imposing a tax on Netflix and other streaming services is one idea to come out of a consultation held by Heritage Minister Melanie Joly. (Photo: The Associated Press) A report commissioned by the Department of Heritage and unveiled late last month called on Ottawa to consider changing tax laws to favour Canadian news publishers in the digital advertising market and use the new revenue stream to establish an independent, publicly subsidized journalism fund. The independent think-tank Public Policy Forum recommended that advertising with foreign-owned websites no longer be deductible under the federal Income Tax Act. The report, authored by former journalist Edward Greenspon, said that, by extending a 10 per cent withholding tax to commercials and advertising carried by foreign digital media, the government could create a new revenue stream of up to $400 million annually. But Kee said that assumes a direct relationship between an advertiser and a publisher that doesn't actually exist in the digital world, but which does for traditional media under a policy dating from the 1960s. "So as a result, a change in tax treatment could actually be punitive and there may not actually be an alternative (way to advertise),'' he said. Finance Minister Bill Morneau's department says applying the GST to Netflix is not in the works. (Photo: The Canadian Press) Facebook Canada's Kevin Chan added that the committee should be asking Canadian advertisers what they think of the tax change proposal, suggesting they might shed more light on how the potential changes would affect them. The appearance by representatives of the social media aggregators was the first since both firms pledged to roll out tools in Canada designed to crack down on so-called "fake news.'' Both Facebook and Google said they planned to unveil those tools in Canada soon — as they have already in the United States and elsewhere — to help users discern between credible news and what they term "misrepresentative content.'' Chan told the committee the tools will be introduced slowly and will at first be "narrow in scope'' over concerns that legitimate news might be deemed ``fake news'' after being flagged by users who simply might not agree with a story, even if it's accurate. Heritage Minister Melanie Joly told media representatives that Canadians don't want to see their Internet bills go up. (Photo: The Canadian Press/Mario Beauregard) Heritage Minister Melanie Joly held consultations last fall where media industry representatives argued in favour of an Internet tax or at least a sales tax on streamed digital content to help pay for Canadian content. While Joly has insisted there would be "no Netflix'' tax under the Liberal government, she has deferred questions about a potential sales tax to the Finance Department. But a spokesperson for Finance Minister Bill Morneau said last month that expanding the Goods and Services Tax to Netflix was not in the works. Foreign-based streaming services are technically subject to sales tax on their Canadian sales, but no system has ever been established to collect the tax. Revenue for Canadian news content providers, including traditional media, has dwindled as advertising dollars shift to online news aggregator services. Pollster Allan Gregg at Earnscliffe Strategy Group, has said Canadians have enjoyed faster access to more content than ever before, thanks to the Internet, and don't see a crisis in the news business. A majority of those he has polled are dead-set against taxpayers propping up the industry, Gregg added. Joly told the Canadian Media Producers Association earlier this month that Canadians she has heard from want all media providers to be treated equally, but they don't want to see their Internet bills go up. "We have to bear in mind that Canadians are anxious about their cost of living,'' Joly said. Joly has promised to unveil a cultural strategy this year aimed in part at bolstering job growth in Canada's cultural sector, with an emphasis on cultural exports. The minister is also expected to announce soon the results of her wide-ranging review of Canada's media and cultural industries. Joly's office has called the shifts in news revenue streams "significant,'' and said the government hopes its Canadian content consultations can help it assess how to best support the production of local, credible and reliable news and information. The heritage committee is expected to report to Parliament by spring. Also on HuffPost: Close  Who's Got The Highest Taxes? of   Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 7% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: 0 Source: OECD. *Numbers represent average tax burden for a single, childless worker earning the average wage. Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 16.9% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: -0.1% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 19.2% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +3.7% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 20.7% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: 0 Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 21.4% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +1.3% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 22% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: -0.1% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 26.6% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.8% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 27.4% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 31.1% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.7% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 31.3% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.8% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 31.5% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: -1.1% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 31.6% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +1.4% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 33.4% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: 0 Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 35.6% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +1.4% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 36.9% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: -1.2% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 37% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +2.7% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 37.3% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: 0 Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 38.2% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: -0.1% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 38.6% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.7% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 39.9% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: -0.2% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 40.7% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +1% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 41.1% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +3.2% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 41.1% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +4% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 41.6% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +1.5% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 42.3% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: -0.2% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 42.4% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.3% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 42.9% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.1% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 43.1% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.8% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 47.8% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.6% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 48.9% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: -1% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 49% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +2.4% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 49.1% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.9% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 49.3% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.2% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 55.8% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: -0.1% Source: OECD  Share  Tweet  ✖ Advertisement Share this ✖ close Current Slide More: google internet tax internet tax internet tax canada facebook internet tax melanie joly canadian content Jason Kee Facebook Canada Google Canada business video Suggest a correction   Click here to view Conversations Conversations Suggested For You FOLLOW HUFFPOST Email Email Address Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent Options HuffPost Daily Brief Business Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.. Facebook HuffPost Business Twitter HuffPost Follow Business Follow Google Plus HuffPost Business RSS The Huffington Post Business All RSS / Feeds Phone Available on the App Store Android App on Google Play Get it at Blackberry App World advertise make HuffPost your home page RSS careers FAQ user agreement privacy policy comment policy about us about our ads contact us Archive Copyright ©2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. 2017© Part of HuffPost Business Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story. Notify message * Required * * * What kind of error is this? Choose an option Factual or typographical Comment moderation problem Rights and permissions Other * What is the correction? 0 count Describe the error here (1,000 character limit) * Type the words below so we know you are not a cyborg Sign me up for The Huffington Post's Daily Brief Thanks for your report!
CleanTechnica Store Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Sponsor A Post Advertise CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis site in the world. Subscribe today! The future is now. About About Our Team CleanTechnica Comment Policy Use Of Our Content Important Media Network Important Media Jobs Contact Us Sponsor A Post Buy Banner Ad Space Local Solar Discounts Electric Car Reviews Audi A3 e-tron Review BMW i3 Review BMW i3 vs Mercedes B-Class Electric BMW i3 vs Nissan LEAF vs Chevy Volt BMW i3 vs Tesla Model S 70D BMW i8 vs Tesla Model S vs Cadillac ELR vs Porsche Panamera S E-Hybrid vs BMW i3 Chevy Spark EV Review 2016 Chevy Volt Review Chevy Volt Cost of Ownership Review Fiat 500e Review Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive Mitsubishi Outlander PHEV Review Nissan LEAF Long-Term Review Renault Twizy Review Renault Zoe Review Smart Electric Drive Review Smart Electric Drive vs Camaro Tesla Model S Long-Term Review Tesla Model S P85D Review Tesla Model X Review #1, by Zach Tesla Model X Review #2, by Kyle Volkswagen e-Golf Review Volkswagen e-Up! Review Volvo XC90 T8 Review Exclusives All Exclusives CleanTechnica Reports CleanTechnica Reviews CleanTechnica Videos CleanTechnica Events Cleantech Talk (Our Podcast) Long-Term Nissan LEAF Review Long-Term Tesla Model S Review 70-Page Electric Car Report (Free!) Power Solar Energy News Local Solar Discounts How To Go Solar About Solar Energy Wind Energy News About Wind Energy Energy Efficiency Lighting LED Energy Storage Smart Grid Geothermal Energy Hydroelectricy Marine Energy Biomass Transport Electric Vehicles Electric Vehicle News Electric Cars For Sale In 2016 (US) Electric Cars Are Greener Tesla Motors Bicycles Benefits Of Bicycling Biofuels Cars Boats Mass Transit / Public Transit Trains / Rail Aviation Shipping Surprise! Search → NavigationCleanTechnica StoreGo Solar!Electric CarsSolar Power100% Renewable Energy?RSSSponsor A PostAdvertise Autonomous Vehicles Published on February 15th, 2017 | by James Ayre 0 Google’s Unusual Compensation May Have Stunted Its Self-Driving Car Project February 15th, 2017 by James Ayre  One factor that led to Google’s self-driving car project bleeding so much talent over just a few years may have been its “unusual” compensation system and it’s excessively high payouts to some employees (“Fu** you money”), according to a new article published by Bloomberg. The spectacle of Google’s self-driving car effort (now known as Waymo) losing so many top employees over the past few years has been hard to figure out (excepting the fact that Apple’s car project seemed to be having even more problems). This is especially the case when one considers that the company’s program had seemingly been making good progress and was/is something of a leader in the field. The explanation put forward in the recent Bloomberg article seems to do a good job of explaining the situation, though — Google simply put too much money on the table, and utilized a compensation system that was (seemingly) not well thought out. Here are some of the most interesting parts of the article: “Early staffers had an unusual compensation system that awarded supersized payouts based on the project’s value. By late 2015, the numbers were so big that several veteran members didn’t need the job security anymore, making them more open to other opportunities, according to people familiar with the situation. Two people called it ‘F-you money.’ …  “The unorthodox system started in 2010, soon after Google unveiled its first self-driving vehicle. It was constructed to tie employees’ fortunes to the performance of the project, rather than Google’s advertising money machine. In addition to cash salaries, some staffers were given bonuses and equity in the business and these awards were set aside in a special entity. After several years, Google applied a multiplier to the value of the awards and paid some or all of it out. The multiplier was based on periodic valuations of the division, the people said. “The precise metrics that the division was measured by — and caused the bonuses to balloon — are not known. But by 2015, the Google car project had come a long way: Google’s vehicles had logged more than one million autonomous miles; car companies including Toyota Motor Corporation and Tesla Inc announced their own plans to develop autonomous systems; and analysts predicted the technology would transform the auto industry. “A large multiplier was applied to the compensation packages in late 2015, resulting in multi-million dollar payments in some cases, according to the people familiar with the situation. One member of the team had a multiplier of 16 applied to bonuses and equity amassed over 4 years, one of the people said. They asked not to be identified talking about private matters.” “Part of the problem was that payouts snowballed after key milestones were reached, even though the ultimate goal of the project — fully autonomous vehicles provided to the public through commercial services — remained years away.” While exact figures aren’t publicly available, the Chief Financial Officer for Alphabet, Ruth Porat, did note during an earnings call in early 2016 that operating expenses during Quarter 4 2015 increased 14%, to $6.6 billion. This increase was apparently “primarily driven by R&D expense, particularly affected by expenses resulting from project milestones in Other Bets established several years ago.” That is apparently a reference to the self-driving car project, as confirmed by unnamed sources who spoke to the authors of the new article. As you may recall, some notable leaders in the self-driving car project left in 2016, with reports claiming a mixture of reasons — desire to do their own thing as well as unhappiness with the new division leadership. “The big payouts exacerbated the situation because team members had less financial incentive to stay, the people familiar with the situation said.” Examples of these departures include: Chris Urmson (behind the new startup Aurora Innovation); the people behind the self-driving semi-truck startup Otto; and Bryan Salesky (one of the founders of Argo AI). Notably, the writers of the Bloomberg article weren’t able to get a comment on the matter from Sebastian Thrun — the initiator of the firm’s car project, and one of those who apparently designed the pay system. Buy a cool T-shirt or mug in the CleanTechnica store!   Keep up to date with all the hottest cleantech news by subscribing to our (free) cleantech daily newsletter or weekly newsletter, or keep an eye on sector-specific news by getting our (also free) solar energy newsletter, electric vehicle newsletter, or wind energy newsletter. Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Flipboard (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to Press This! (Opens in new window) Tags: Alphabet, Google, google self driving cars, Google self-driving car, Waymo About the Author James Ayre 's background is predominantly in geopolitics and history, but he has an obsessive interest in pretty much everything. After an early life spent in the Imperial Free City of Dortmund, James followed the river Ruhr to Cofbuokheim, where he attended the University of Astnide. And where he also briefly considered entering the coal mining business. He currently writes for a living, on a broad variety of subjects, ranging from science, to politics, to military history, to renewable energy. You can follow his work on Google+. Related Posts Waze Carpool Rollout Accelerating (+ 3 New Partners Announced) → Newest Disengagement Report Shows That Waymo’s (Google’s) Self-Driving Tech Improved Considerably In 2016 → Alphabet (Google Parent Company) Selling Terra Bella Satellite Business → Google’s Chilean Data Center Receiving Power From South America’s Largest Solar Project → Back to Top ↑ ▲ 188 ... Followers Follow ▲ 314 ... Fans Like ▲ 66 ... Subscribers Subscribe ... Fans Follow ... Fan Love Advertisement Click here to sponsor CleanTechnica. Bring your brand to millions of readers every month. Advertisement Top Stories On CleanTechnica SolPad Releases Pricing & Pre-Order Info For Mobile Solar + Storage Product India Officially Doubles Its Solar Parks Target To 40 Gigawatts US Solar Grows 95% In 2016 In Record-Breaking Year The Lucid Motors Air Is Amazing! (Original Review & Pics & Video — Part 1) Electric Vehicle Battery Prices Are Falling Faster Than Expected Urea May Be Key To Affordable Grid-Scale Batteries Advertisement CleanTechnica T-Shirts! 30 Electric Car Benefits 10 Top Solar Facts Cost of Solar Panels Wind & Solar Prices Beat Fossils Advantages of Solar Power 7 Reasons Why Solar & Wind Win 50 Tips For Trolling EVs 44 Tips For Trolling Solar CleanTechnica Answer Box 47 Top CleanTechnica Interviews Our Electric Car Reviews Tesla Model 3 FAQ … Answered! CleanTechnica Electric Car Report Email Address Join The Solar Revolution! Search the IM Network CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis website in the US & the world, focusing primarily on electric cars, solar energy, wind energy, & energy storage. It is part of Important Media -- a network of 20 progressive blogs working to make the world a better, greener place. The content produced by this site is for entertainment purposes only. Opinions and comments published on this site may not be sanctioned by, and do not necessarily represent the views of Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc., its owners, sponsors, affiliates, or subsidiaries. Follow @cleantechnica © 2016   Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc. CleanTechnica Store Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Sponsor A Post Advertise Back to Top ↑ Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BOTS How Google’s chief doodler is shaping Google Assistant’s personality Khari Johnson@kharijohnson February 15, 2017 6:25 AM Tags: BotBeat Weekly, bots, chatbots, Google, Google Assistant, Google doodles, Google Home, intelligent assistant, personality, Ryan Germick, top-stories Above: Doodle shared on Google Nov. 1, 2014, the 86th anniversary of radio calisthenics broadcast in Japan Image Credit: Google Google Assistant can schedule appointments, control your home, and tell you why the sky is blue, but thanks to a small band of creative types — its personality team — it can also be a game show host, a fortune teller, or a sports fan. The personality team behind Google Assistant decides what it replies if you ask “What’s your favorite color?” or “Who are you rooting for in the Super Bowl?” The team is tasked with the creation of the personality of Google Assistant, what CEO Sundar Pichai said he wants to be your personal guide in the age of artificial intelligence. Members of the personality team come from Pixar, The Onion, and other creative companies. For the better part of the last decade, Google Assistant personality team director Ryan Germick has been chief doodler at Google, making drawings, games, and other content for Google’s front page. “If someone wants to have a conversation that’s not just about information needs, it’s about social niceties or chit-chat or telling a joke or having a little bit of fun,” Germick said, “the type of things that build a relationship with a person that are in some ways emotional than informational, that’s my team’s department.” Germick’s work building a personality for Google Assistant started two years ago when he began collaborating with the Google search team in Switzerland. “We were determined to find out who was Google’s personality, like if you’re talking to Google, who are you talking to? And so we try to distill that down into simple principles as a guiding light for who the Google Assistant would be,” he said. The Google Assistant personality team does things like teach Google Assistant to sing to you on Valentine’s Day or suggest New Year’s resolutions. They also created Lucky Trivia and Lucky Sports Trivia, multiplayer game shows hosted by Google Assistant. In the game she — Google Assistant has a woman’s voice, Germick noted — may tease you or give you a nickname. Germick and his team sought to make a personality that’s friendly, inclusive, and sort of like a quirky, nerdy librarian to the world’s most famous search bar. “We don’t want to lose our quirk. I think it’s important for us to have a little bit of weirdness. I think that’s a little bit of individuality. We don’t want to be bland,” he explained. When thinking about how the personality of visual Google Doodles translates to the personality of the voice of Google Assistant, Germick gives three examples: The cultural sensitivity to feature the 86th anniversary of Japanese radio calisthenics, the nerdy homage to Alan Turing’s 100th birthday, and the just-for-the-fun-of-it game to fight ghosts on Halloween last year. Doodles helped prepare the creation of Google Assistant because many of the more than 400 doodles made last year were for countries outside the United States. Since its launch last Fall, Google Assistant in the Allo chat app has already expanded to German, Japanese, Hindi, and Brazilian Portuguese. It may seem odd for software driven by powerful tech like artificial intelligence to crack jokes or convey empathy, but people buy devices for more than playing music or checking the weather. Some develop relationships with these devices, betraying a human tendency to anthropomorphize objects. Google isn’t the only one to recognize this. It’s why Alexa picked a Super Bowl winner, and may be why Mark Zuckerberg said that shortly after he gave his intelligent assistant a voice he had an impulse to give it a sense of humor. There was even talk last year (along with multiple stories in the press) about giving Google Assistant a childhood backstory. That hasn’t happened yet. “I don’t think anytime soon we’ll be doing [anything] like the prequel years, where you find out what preschool was like, but I do think it’s important to think about what goes into that character and what makes them who they are,” Germick said. Whether based on personality or any other reason, adoption is key in the increasingly competitive chat wars being waged between Amazon, Google, Microsoft, and Samsung. According to the 2017 Voice Report from Google Assistant partner VoiceLabs, about nine in 10 people are unwilling to purchase a new device after buying either an Amazon Echo or Google Home, suggesting that people are extremely loyal to the one they own, and winner takes all. Not every Google Assistant personality trait is promoted. As with Alexa, some Google Assistant personality features are instead intended to be discovered. One collection of little-known Google Assistant Easter eggs: “There’s tons of movie references and nerd references, like if you want to talk about Star Trek or Game of Thrones or Star Wars, or whatever, chances are there’s something there for you,” he said. Google Assistant is a rough draft, a work in progress, like the rest of the intelligent assistant industry, Germick said, but it does have some guiding principles, one of which is to be always there but never in the way. That means understanding when it’s a bad idea to demonstrate Google’s playful personality. “If you were shopping online for caskets, that’s not the time to be goofy, but it is a time to be about empathy, and to respond in a way that’s emotionally sensitive to the user,” Germick said. “If there’s anything our philosophy rallies around it’s just having a humanist perspective and thinking how can I help a person right now? Sometimes jokes are the way and sometimes it means shutting up and getting out of the way is the way.” Making sure that Google Assistant stays out of your way in sensitive moments or when you’re just trying to find the nearest sandwich shop means practicing what Germick calls “empathetic design.” “I think as much as we can bring humanity and a creative human touch into our products, the more we can do to make technology a warmer place, and that’s deeply important to me and part of what makes the Google Assistant such a fun product to work on, because there’s such an opportunity for that.” ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. STRATEGY How to Get the Press Coverage You Deserve, Even if Your Industry Isn't Sexy Nicole Hamilton, an expert in consumer home financing products, shares her tips on how to find and leverage the right reporters for your company. By Springboard Enterprises Springboard Enterprises is where influencers, investors, and innovators meet to build great women-led businesses. Our 642 women-led companies have raised $7.4 billion, including 14 IPOs. Springboard is a nonprofit 501c3 organization based in the U.S. but acting globally to accelerate women entrepreneurs' access to growth capital. @SpringboardEnt @SpringboardEnt WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement It can be frustrating to read about other companies getting coverage for their me-too dating apps when you developed a cutting edge method for synthesizing DNA or effectively blocking cyber threats for corporations, and can't get anyone to take notice. When I started Tactile Finance, a company that made software for banks to be able to explain tricky loans to their clients, like adjustable rates and fee structures, we followed the standard advice - compiling lists of reporters, writing snappy emails with clear messaging... and came up virtually empty. Sure, you can get your niche industry press to take notice that your customers may be reading, like CIO Magazine or CEP Magazine, with just standard email outreach. But what if you want to get published in the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, or any number of publications that have press in the millions instead of thousands, and immediately boost your credibility? I want to share with you what worked for us in a tragically unsexy field - mortgage origination - and what can work for you, too, whether you sell legal technology, biometric software, or what have you. Here it is, step by step. 1. Find the Few Specialized Reporters Who Speak Your Language There are probably fewer than 10 reporters who understand your subject matter and write about it for mainstream press. You need to find them. Go to every mainstream press site, search for keywords related to the product you make and problem you solve, and sort from most recent. Take the most relevant articles and, on a spreadsheet, enter reporters name, date, title, link to article, and email address. You'll want to keep this well organized as this is gold for you. Method for finding emails: Google "@[publication url].[suffix]" [Firstname] [Lastname]. If the reporters email doesn't come up, you'll likely find some that hint at the email format for names. 2. Automate Alerts for Relevant News Coverage Set up Google Alerts for keywords related to both what your product does and also the problem you are solving. (Caution: Google Alerts will send you many low quality publications so it's important to first search major publications as mentioned above or else it will take too long to build a list.) When Google alerts pulls up something relevant, add it to the list you created in #1 in the same format. 3. Engage These Reporters with Your Unique Expertise Read your Google Alerts every day. If you see an article that is highly relevant to your business from a top publication, send the reporter a personal email saying what you liked about their article and offer a piece of helpful industry knowledge that you have. Remember, you are the expert! If you have built innovative technology in your industry, you have a lot to offer a reporter writing about your industry. Good things to send are industry data, trends, ideas for articles, and your own company data on the subject. Then, say "If you ever need expertise on this subject, I am particularly knowledgeable about x, y, z and would be happy to share what I know, either credited or uncredited." Offer your help. A genuinely helpful email in this format will return a response almost 100% of the time. The next time you are at a conference, or talking with competitors, or customers, or partners, think about the unique insights that you can send to these top reporters. Make an effort to reach out and share. Next time you have a major announcement, you'll likely have their ear, instead of tuning it out as just one of the hundreds of emails they get every week. The best part of this strategy? You are developing deep, real, and reciprocal relationships. And, you are finding the best reporters who understand your industry and conversing with them is incredibly gratifying on its own. Getting press from knowledgeable reporters who really know your industry is the absolute best kind of press. Try it! Let me know how it works for you. Nicole Hamilton is an expert in consumer home financing products. Her site, Homeownering.com, provides independent and unbiased homeownership advice and resources for female homeowners. Sign up to receive Homeownering's free updates here. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Feb 15, 2017 Advertisement
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Google Arts and Culture now loaded with decades of awesome U.S. history 586 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Lyndon B Johnson's dogs, Him & Her Image: FRANCIS MILLER/LIFE PHOTO COLLECTION By Anisa Purbasari2017-02-15 14:00:00 UTC This Presidents' Day, you can take a step back in time and learn about our former Commanders-in-Chief thanks to a handy new feature from Google. Google Arts and Culture has partnered with institutions, libraries and museums across the United States to deliver presidential media directly on our screens. Some of the displays are definitely catered to the history buffs, like an exhibit of significant events in the path toward American democracy. But other sections can be enjoyed by casual observers, like the gallery of presidential pets.  Did you know that Theodore Roosevelt kept a lion cub, a bear, an antelope, a wallaby and a bobcat in the White House, alongside dogs and cats? Neither did we.  SEE ALSO: National Geographic's 'Origins' is like 'Cosmos' but about the nature of human civilization Other gems that you can view include the Bush family's favorite taco recipe, handwritten by Barbara Bush (hint: it contains Doritos) and also a walk through of Thomas Jefferson's life from boyhood to manhood. There are 360-degree videos scattered throughout the exhibits, including the Air Force Pavilion at the Ronald Reagan Library.  Speaking of 360 videos, the Google Arts and Culture app (available on iOS and Android) also lets you take virtual tours of sites like Mount Rushmore and the Lincoln Memorial, so you can feel free to nerd out from the comfort of your desk or couch.  Whatever your views are on the political state of the country, checking out these displays might give you a dose of inspiration and perspective. At the very least, you can appreciate the cuteness of furry creatures who used to reside in the White House.  BONUS: Doggy tour bus shows adventurous pups the sights of London Topics: Arts, Google, History, lives, pets, Photography, Politics, Election 2016, Tech, U.S. About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Yorkshire North West West Midlands East Midlands Regional Business Information for the West Midlands Contact Us Cookie Policy Send Us Your News About Us Promote Your Business Events YourNews Supplements Autumn Statement 2016 Submit search form Business and people search Profiles Deals Property International Trade People SME Manufacturing Financial Services Lifestyle Business Bytes Archive Home / News  /  The answer from Google's CEO to a job-hunting 7 year old The answer from Google's CEO to a job-hunting 7 year old Google chief executive Sundar Pichai Maurizio Pesce / Creative Commons 2.0 15th February 2017 Bethan Tolley Business Reporter Google chief executive Sundar Pichai has written to a Hereford school girl to tell her that she could one day work for the global technology giant. 7-year-old Chloe Bridgewater wrote a letter earlier this month telling the Google boss that she would like to work at the company when she is older as she loves computers and is an excellent student. Google CEO Sundar Pichai responded to Chloe's letter within a week, thanking her for getting in touch and giving her advice. In the reply, he said: "Thank you so much for y... for the full story register now for free or login below... Login to Read this Story Your Email: Your Password: Remember me Previous Article Next Article Latest Business News Software supplier secures major public sector contract 16/02/2017Duncan Tift Lapdancing club wins licensing battle 16/02/2017Duncan Tift The answer from Google's CEO to a job-hunting 7 year old 15/02/2017Bethan Tolley Business Bytes People: The Works; Curium; National Grid 16/02/2017Alex Turner Tata Steel workers back pension cuts to secure jobs 16/02/2017Duncan Tift Enter your company into the West Midlands Business Masters 16/02/2017 Competition authority to examine Heineken's Punch takeover 16/02/2017Alex Turner How to never offend your colleagues 15/02/2017Bethan Tolley Business Bytes West Midland food firms out to show the French their je ne sais quoi 16/02/2017Duncan Tift Mutuals have a key role to play in region says Mayoral candidate 16/02/2017Duncan Tift Popular restaurant invests £100,000 in makeover and menu 16/02/2017Duncan Tift Chilled food boss prepares for big freeze with polar expedition 15/02/2017Duncan Tift Coach firm rolls into new premises after funding deal 15/02/2017Duncan Tift LDC chills out with £6.5m investment in travel agency 15/02/2017Duncan Tift West Midlands sees big Q4 unemployment rise 15/02/2017Duncan Tift Severe delays on M5 motorway in both directions 15/02/2017Alex Turner How to not let stress eat up your calories at work 15/02/2017Stephanie Balloo Business Bytes Pre-pack deal behind £227m property sale 15/02/2017Alex Turner Midlands leads UK for industrial and logistics take-up 15/02/2017Duncan Tift Naismiths takes a Bath with new contract 15/02/2017Duncan Tift New move takes the cake for Black Country bakery 15/02/2017Duncan Tift The 10 success factors behind FTSE 100 bosses 14/02/2017Bethan Tolley Business Bytes Innovation hub proposal for university campus 15/02/2017Duncan Tift Contractor announced for Two Chamberlain Square 15/02/2017Duncan Tift Training firm targets growth with move to new premises 15/02/2017Duncan Tift Planners set to consider Birmingham's Axis redevelopment 15/02/2017Duncan Tift 7 ways to stay positive at work 10/02/2017Bethan Tolley Business Bytes Budget supermarket set to be loser in Birmingham store wars 15/02/2017Duncan Tift Prologis to start building after deal for Birmingham International site 15/02/2017Alex Turner Private equity firm swoops for health company 15/02/2017Rachel Covill Dramatic Q3 profit decline for Jaguar Land Rover 15/02/2017Duncan Tift 5 quirky ideas to boost staff productivity 08/02/2017Stephanie Balloo Business Bytes West Midlands CBI reveals new vice chairman 15/02/2017Duncan Tift HSBC names first chief executive of ring-fenced bank 15/02/2017Alex Turner Lighting firm set to shine after acquisition 15/02/2017Duncan Tift Lapdancing club faces stiff opposition to licence renewal 15/02/2017Duncan Tift How to appear confident even when youre not 10/02/2017Bethan Tolley Business Bytes The growth of the esports gaming phenomenon 15/02/2017 Aston Villa pulls out of city centre shop 14/02/2017Duncan Tift Read More News Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.   Login Register Now For Free! Remember me Forgotten Password? TheBusinessDesk is a trading name of Regional Media Services Ltd. A company registered in the UK, company number : 07111349 VAT Number : 124302954 Yorkshire Business News | Sitemap | Accessibility | Privacy | T & C | 1 Close
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Google Samsung Google being investigated for anti-competitive practice against Samsung FTC in South Korea is looking to ascertain whether Google obstructed Samsung's development of its own OS. By Sarmistha Acharya February 15, 2017 14:05 GMT Google faces investigation over anti-competitive practice against SamsungReuters/Morris Mac Matzen The Fair Trade Commission (FTC) in South Korea is investigating Google to ascertain whether it obstructed Samsung's development of its own operating system platform, a new report suggests. This is not the first time that anti-trust charges have been levelled against the California-headquartered company. In 2016 the Russian government fined the firm $6.7m (£5.4m) for competition violation. "We are currently checking if Google thwarted competition in the OS market," an FTC official told the Korean Times. Android's market share accounted for more than 80% of South Korea's mobile market as of January 2017. Responding to the allegations, a Google spokesperson in Korea said, "Android is an open source platform. Our partner agreements are entirely voluntary – anyone can use Android without Google." "The Android OS can be downloaded for free. It can be modified and used to build a phone. Many companies have used Android's source code as the starting point for their own operating systems," the spokesperson noted. In 2011 Google and Samsung had entered the Mobile Application Distribution Agreement (Mada) that required Android devices to come pre-loaded with default Google search engine and other services like YouTube and Gmail on the home screen. The duo even reached an anti-fragmentation agreement (AFA) under which Samsung was not allowed to develop a new OS based on Google's algorithms. Back then, search engines such as Naver and Daum had complained about Mada. The FTC investigated Google Korea to check if it had violated antitrust laws. But in 2013, the antitrust body found that market shares of the companies were not affected. In May 2016, the FTC launched its investigation into the AFA and found that Google could be obstructing Samsung's OS development. The FTC is reviewing the need to reinvestigate the 2013 case. "As lawmakers have demanded a reinvestigation of the case, the FTC is checking whether it is possible to do so," the FTC official said. More from IBTimes UK Apple, Facebook and Amazon primed for PSD2 demolition of the card networks Google scales heights with Valentine's Day doodle of the pangolin Google warns suspected Russian state-sponsored hackers may be targeting prominent journalists Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close One billion Yahoo user accounts hacked Columnists Matthew Carr “400 years ago Spain forcibly converted Muslims to Christianity – then expelled them. Have we learned nothing? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Huawei P10 to come in three attention-grabbing colours including green, gold and blue Leaked images show Huawei's flagship phone rocking some bold new... Microsoft teases Xbox Project Scorpio reveal at E3 2017 press conference 'Brace for big news,' the company teased in a tweet. Fancy Bear: Leaked Google report shows how much the tech giant knows about Russian hackers The report allegedly reveals that Google was aware of Fancy Bear much... Yahoo warns users of potential malicious activity on accounts between 2015 and 2016 Yahoo said hackers used forged cookies to gain illegal access to... Republicans want to know why EPA employees are using encrypted chat apps The party is worried the conversations run afoul of federal... Yahoo Verizon deal to see $250-$350m discount – report Verizon may reportedly close the Yahoo deal by the end of February. Amnesty International exposes mysterious espionage scheme against journalists and activists Meet 'Safeena Malik', the fake persona at the heart of a cyber... Sony patents wireless PlayStation VR system with HTC Vive-like room tracking PS4-powered virtual reality headset could ditch wires and expanded... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Breaking News US used depleted uranium in airstrikes against Isis in Syria About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Facebook Twitter G+ Site search Subscribe Login February 16, 2017 Ottawa -6°C Complete weather forecast Don't miss your latest complete newspaper edition. CLICK TO READ Home Local Technology Real Estate Canada - World Opinion Other Sponsored Content Social Events Subscribers Magazines Ottawa Business Journal> Canada - World Google, Facebook argue against 'punitive' Canadian tax proposal The Canadian Press ~ OBJ Published on February 15, 2017 Share 0 0 Comment Send to a friend Print Send to a friend Send this article to a friend. Name* Email* Your name* Your email* Comments Submit Proposals for tax changes aimed at helping Canadian publishers fight for revenues with online news aggregators would result in a punitive "tax on advertisers," executives from Google Canada and Facebook Canada told a Commons committee studying the country's media industry. For illustrative purposes only. That's because tax laws currently on the books designed to prop up the industry are archaic and simply don't apply to the Internet age, Jason Kee, Google Canada's head of policy and government relations, told the heritage committee Tuesday. Kee said he had concerns over how such changes would be implemented. "Long story short, it's essentially a tax on Canadian advertisers," he said. A report commissioned by the Department of Heritage and unveiled late last month called on the Liberal government to consider changing tax laws to favour Canadian news publishers in the digital advertising market and use the new revenue stream to establish an independent, publicly subsidized journalism fund. The independent think-tank Public Policy Forum recommended that advertising with foreign-owned websites no longer be deductible under the federal Income Tax Act. The report, authored by former journalist Edward Greenspon, said that, by extending a 10 per cent withholding tax to commercials and advertising carried by foreign digital media, the government could create a new revenue stream of up to $400 million annually. But Kee said that assumes a direct relationship between an advertiser and a publisher that doesn't actually exist in the digital world, but which does for traditional media under a policy dating from the 1960s. "So as a result, a change in tax treatment could actually be punitive and there may not actually be an alternative (way to advertise)," he said. Facebook Canada's Kevin Chan added that the committee should be asking Canadian advertisers what they think of the tax change proposal, suggesting they might shed more light on how the potential changes would affect them. The appearance by representatives of the social media aggregators was the first since both firms pledged to roll out tools in Canada designed to crack down on so-called "fake news." Both Facebook and Google said they planned to unveil those tools in Canada soon – as they have already in the United States and elsewhere – to help users discern between credible news and what they term "misrepresentative content." Chan told the committee the tools will be introduced slowly and will at first be "narrow in scope" over concerns that legitimate news might be deemed "fake news" after being flagged by users who simply might not agree with a story, even if it's accurate. Heritage Minister Melanie Joly held consultations last fall where media industry representatives argued in favour of an Internet tax or at least a sales tax on streamed digital content to help pay for Canadian content. While Joly has insisted there would be "no Netflix" tax under the Liberal government, she has deferred questions about a potential sales tax to the Finance Department. But a spokesperson for Finance Minister Bill Morneau said last month that expanding the Goods and Services Tax to Netflix was not in the works. Foreign-based streaming services are technically subject to sales tax on their Canadian sales, but no system has ever been established to collect the tax. Revenue for Canadian news content providers, including traditional media, has dwindled as advertising dollars shift to online news aggregator services. Pollster Allan Gregg at Earnscliffe Strategy Group, has said Canadians have enjoyed faster access to more content than ever before, thanks to the Internet, and don't see a crisis in the news business. A majority of those he has polled are dead-set against taxpayers propping up the industry, Gregg added. Joly told the Canadian Media Producers Association earlier this month that Canadians she has heard from want all media providers to be treated equally, but they don't want to see their Internet bills go up. "We have to bear in mind that Canadians are anxious about their cost of living," Joly said. Joly has promised to unveil a cultural strategy this year aimed in part at bolstering job growth in Canada's cultural sector, with an emphasis on cultural exports. The minister is also expected to announce soon the results of her wide-ranging review of Canada's media and cultural industries. Joly's office has called the shifts in news revenue streams "significant," and said the government hopes its Canadian content consultations can help it assess how to best support the production of local, credible and reliable news and information. The heritage committee is expected to report to Parliament by spring. Organizations: Google, Department of Heritage, Public Policy Forum Finance Department Earnscliffe Strategy Group Canadian Media Producers Association Geographic location: Canada, United States For illustrative purposes only. 1 2 3 4 5 Thanks for voting! Top of page Comments Comments Your name* Email* Comment* Advertising More Forty Under 40 Nominations OBJToday Email Newsletter Networking Breakfasts Upcoming Events Market Leaders Book of Lists databases Advertise With Us Small Business School Videos OBJ Outdoor Box Locations Advertising Advertising Case studies & videos Best Offices Ottawa 2017: Brad McAnnich One Young World 2016 - Get Involved Ottawa Tourism Hydro Ottawa gives electric vehicles a boost Hydro Ottawa More Case Studies Newsletter Most popular Most read Most commented Ottawa startup Milieu brings artificial intelligence to city public consultations 12-storey tower part of Château Laurier expansion plans filed with city Southam Club embraces Ottawa’s vibrancy Ottawa e-signature firm Signority has what it takes to ‘be a leader’: new CEO NHL’s Bettman books ticket to Ottawa as optimism over outdoor game increases Ottawa's locally owned retailers fighting a losing battle to stay viable Commented 1 time Twitter Tweets de @obj_news Events All events Add an event Expert Bloggers David Reid17 BrazeauSellerLLP - David Reid Blog: Good Faith in the Wind Victoria Boddy6 Brazeau Seller LLP - Victoria Boddy Blog: What to prepare before you see a lawyer Barbara Sinclair4 BrazeauSellerLLP - Barbara Sinclair Blog: The OMB and the Road to Reform More bloggers here Follow us on Facebook Twitter G+ Get our newsletter Contact us Ottawa Business Journal is published by Great River Media Inc. Ottawa Business Journal 250 City Centre Ave., Suite 500 Ottawa, K1R 6K7 613-238-1818 Powered by Transcontinental Conditions of Use
Featured Playlists Causes Contest HOME Video Music ART FASHION TECH TRAVEL RIDES Food & Drinks Design Sports NEWS MenuHOME Video Music ART FASHION TECH TRAVEL RIDES Food & Drinks Design Sports NEWS Home / Technology/Save & Go! Google Maps App Lets You Create & Share Your Favorite Spots Save & Go! Google Maps App Lets You Create & Share Your Favorite Spots By Jesse James on 15 February,2017 The good folks over at Google are always looking for ways to keep us more connected and easier ways for us to do what we need to. Today Google is back with some new updates to Google Maps. Today word on the e-streets is that the Google Maps App Lets You Create & Share Your Favorite Spots. Now you can simple tap on a place within the app which now brings up a “Save” option. It also includes presets like “Want to Go” and “Favorites” and even offers the ability to create your own custom lists for your next getaway, and as a way to keep track of our favorites. This unique feature can then be shared via text, e-mail, and social media; perfect for recommendations to visiting out-of-towners. These lists are also available offline so that you can access them whenever, wherever. Check out the latest Google Maps update now for both iOS and Android. Stay tuned for much more on this coming very soon! Save & Go! Google Maps App Lets You Create & Share Your Favorite Spots was last modified: February 15th, 2017 by Jesse James Related:  Tweak Your Texts With FreQuincy Toons Holiday Digital Stickers Related ItemsfavoritesGoogle Maps Apptechnology ← Previous Story Art With Function! The Etch Clock Next Story → Do It Yourself! The WarmTone Record Pressing Machine Featured Video Most Recent Listen: Dwele – Wanna Dance ft. Phife Dawg | Stream February 15, 2017 When it comes to smooth sounds, Dwele is no stranger. Today the singer/songwriter and much more is back, unleashing a brand new track with the late, great, Phife Dawg... February 15, 2017 Celebrate With Style! Adidas Originals 2017 Year of the Rooster Footwear Collection February 15, 2017 Old School Rarities! The Mitchell & Ness #12 Jersey of Michael Jordan Fashion + Style Celebrate With Style! Adidas Originals 2017 Year of the Rooster Footwear Collection February 15, 2017 In case you did not know, 2017 marks the Year of the Rooster on the Chinese Zodiac. The good folks over at adidas are back at it, celebrating the... February 15, 2017 Classic Inspirations! FILA’s Spring/Summer 2017 Apparel Collection February 14, 2017 A New Look! The “Speckled Gray” adidas AlphaBOUNCE FEATURED VIDEO © 2009-2016 stupidDOPE.com | All Rights Reserved. About Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Cool.Media Interactive One Millennial
Twitter Facebook Follow us: Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media Tools Advertise A Complete SEO Checklist for Web Developers SEO· Web Development February 15, 2017 SEO Web Development Brian HarnishFebruary 15, 2017 334SHARES 2.2KREADS 334SHARES 2.2KREADS Brian Harnish 334SHARES 2.2KREADS Website developers are not always quite as savvy as SEO practitioners when it comes to creating websites that perform well in the SEO arena. Even though development requires a set of technical skills, different technical skills are required for SEO. By following a standard checklist, it can be possible to follow Google’s Webmaster guidelines while also getting ahead in the all-important competitive space in SEO. This checklist looks at things like site speed optimization, structured data, HTML improvements, cross-platform compatibility, and other development tasks from a developer’s perspective in the context of SEO. By examining these items in further detail, we can identify potential roadblocks and bottlenecks most commonly associated with the website development life cycle. This checklist identifies items routinely covered in Google’s webmaster tools, and then some, to ensure that you have all bases covered for a successful website optimization, every time. In addition, this checklist will also cover lesser known but crucial items that are important to tackle during development before they go live on the site. Is My Google Webmaster Tools Properly Installed? Is Google Analytics (Or Stats Tool of Choice) Installed? Most websites use Google webmaster tools and Google Analytics as their statistics tracking program of choice. Of course, there are other options. But tracking programs are worthless if they are not configured correctly. Checklist Item #1: Is My Traffic Tracking Program Installed Correctly? If your tracking program is not installed properly, it is possible that it will spit back erroneous, incorrect data, or worse, duplicate data showing an increase when there may not even be an increase. At its simplest, make sure that the tracking program tags (if needed) are all only installed once on the page. Multiple installations and erroneous installations can become major headaches later. Google recommends using Google Tag Manager for more complex analytics installations. Look Into This: Mobile First Development A mobile-first index coming from Google has long been rumored, and finally, it’s no longer a rumor. In web development, considering a mobile-first approach is always a good idea. Checklist Item #2: Is Your Site Mobile-Friendly? Mobile-friendly can mean two different things in the development world. Does the site adhere to standard development techniques using a responsive CSS stylesheet with media queries? Or… Does the site utilize a separate mobile subdomain (m.domain.com)? While there is nothing inherently wrong with using a mobile sub-domain, it can make SEO more difficult. Any time you utilize a sub-domain, you are telling Google, in essence, that it is a second physical web property. Compared to using a sub-folder, which is typically an extension of a site, the sub-domain will be considered a separate web property and can be harder to manage when it comes to certain SEO tasks like link acquisition. Checklist Item #3: Mobile URL Structures Leading to Duplicate Content It is this author’s opinion that, with a site using the m.domain.com structure, your site should be developed in such a way that URL structures do not result in being identified as duplicate content. Duplicate content can arise from using multiple URLs to show the exact same content. When creating a mobile site using a mobile sub-domain, the general best practice is to make sure a rel=canonical tag is used to show the desktop site as the original source of content. This can help prevent duplicate content issues. Please note that Google’s developer guidelines also recommend doing this. In addition, make sure that URL structures during development don’t get out of hand, especially when setting up a site for https:// (secure hypertext transfer protocol). It is typical development protocol to obtain secure certificates for sites that are using https://, but be careful. If you do not purchase the right secure certificate, you can create crawling problems due to soft 404s. It’s like this: If a page of content is on https://www and https://, this just leads to crawl problems and duplicate content because Google easily gets confused by multiple URLs showing the same content. To avoid this issue, always purchasing the wild card version of the secure certificate will help make sure that duplicate URLs are not created during development. Otherwise, you will manually have to perform 301 redirects, which can become a nightmare when you’re dealing with a larger site. Because of the inherent problems developing a site with secure, mobile, and other types of URLs as noted above, it is usually the best idea to get a wildcard secure certificate and develop a site from the ground up using one single style sheet to control your layout across devices. This way, you preserve the content on mobile that Google likes to see, you have the opportunity to reduce calls to the server (greater site speed and less bottlenecks as a result), and you reduce URL structure issues by attacking all of the problem areas at once. Look Into This: Schema.org Structured Data Schema.org microdata is becoming more important on websites, and creating sites by coding Schema.org microdata properly is crucial. Checklist Item #4: Is My Structured Data Coded Properly? Creating a process where you manually check Schema.org structured data by using Google’s Schema.org validation tool is a good process to have that will help you become a more successful coder. Without this process, you’re flying blind and will be at the mercy of Google’s confusion if you don’t have this data correctly executed. While most common errors are uncovered by using Google’s Structured Data Testing Tool, there are other minor errors that can occur that are not. These other errors are crucial to get right, so let’s examine what can happen if you don’t. Take the following example: You’re creating a website for restaurants and you want to include the website’s restaurant name and location information. After a first pass coding the Schema.org structured data, you realize that you see some strange punctuation and contextual errors within the Schema.org data. For example: <div itemscope itemtype=”brand”><span name=”organization”>Copyright Company Name, All Rights Reserved</span></div> <div itemscope itemtype=”brand”> Copyright <span name=”organization”>Company Name </span>, All Rights Reserved</div> Notice in the first example that the copyright declaration is included within all the tags. In the second example, the Company Name is nicely placed between the opening and closing span tags. This second example is what we want. This is one example of contextual coding errors that can occur when coding Schema.org microdata. These types of errors will not show up in any automatic tool like Google’s webmaster tools, and thus it is necessary to perform a manual check to look for these errors. If the first coding example is used, Google will show the rich snippet as “Copyright Company Name, All Rights Reserved” instead of showing the rich snippet as “Company Name” which is what should happen. By implementing a thorough checking process before the site ever goes live, as a developer, you can take charge and make sure these types of issues don’t crop up later during the SEO process. Look Into This: Check Your Robots.txt File Sometimes, during development, it may be necessary to completely block access to the domain before it goes live. Usually, this is done by using the following command in a robots.txt file on the server: Disallow: / However, I have run into quite a few instances where this set of code has been completely forgotten. The client calls me, wondering why their site is not performing. Always make sure there isn’t a disallow directive in robots.txt. This will prevent crawling by the search engines and can be a major damper on a website’s performance. Now, there is a big difference between “Disallow:” and “Disallow: /”. For non-SEO practitioners, these directives can seem confusing. Disallow: (without the forward slash) means that all search engine spiders and user agents can crawl the site without issue from the site root down. Disallow: / (with the forward slash) means that everything from the site root down will be fully blocked from search engine indexing access. Checklist Item #5: Does My Robots.Txt File Have a “Disallow From The Root Directory” Directive? As you may imagine, the proper removal of this directive is a good checking step to ensure that search engines can access your site properly. Look Into This: Staging Site Domain Check As most developers are aware, during the development process a staging site is created for the purpose of testing new code, previous versions of the site, and correcting other issues before it goes live. A common error during the development process is missing a few instances of a staging site domain when preparing the site for its first launch. This check can help eliminate errors like images not loading properly once the site is switched live, 404 errors due to pages referencing the staging subdomain instead of the live site domain and other issues. Checklist Item #6: Does My Site Contain Instances of Staging Site Sub-domains? It is possible, through the use of efficient find and replace techniques, to quickly search for and replace any instances of the staging site sub-domain. For example, in your favorite development program, using Ctrl + H on a Windows machine (or cmd + H on a Mac), you can easily use find and replace for finding all instances of the occurrence of the staging site sub-domain (for the sake of our example, let’s use “stage. domain.com”). When the site is switched live, the domain.com will be reflected in full instead of stage.domain.com. But, if a checking process is not implemented, the site could go live with stage.domain.com URLs being referenced everywhere. Please note: This checking process will likely not be needed if a relative URL is used during development, as opposed to absolute URLs. For those who are not familiar with this, relative URLs drop everything before the first sub-folder in a URL structure, leaving it looking like this: “folder 1/folder 2/page.html”. An absolute URL includes domain.com at the beginning of the URL structure, leaving it looking like this: “domain.com/folder 1/folder 2/page.html”. It is in the case of absolute URL structures where this check is necessary. Depending on your site’s configuration, you may not even need to implement this step. Look Into This: HTML Errors Common HTML errors can often lead to poor rendering of the site on various platforms, which in turn can cause issues with user experience and site speed. This can then cause issues with site performance from a rankings perspective. While this is NOT a direct rankings impact, it can be an indirect rankings impact, kind of like when W3C valid code is not used. W3C validity is not required for ranking sites, but it can lead to an indirect increase in rankings because W3C validity can help reduce site speed through better-optimized layouts and coding techniques. Better coding techniques can also help Google understand your site easier. It is imperative to note here that utilizing a checklist for common errors will not get rid of everything, and may only cause a slight blip in performance increase if other major issues already exist on a site. But, they are worth fixing when you have all of your SEO ducks in a row. It is also worth noting here that there are two schools of thought when considering HTML issues. One school of thought believes that correct coding is not essential, that the site will perform and do well in Google anyway. Another school of thought believes that correct coding can lead to increased performance including increased performance in the search results. Who is right? It is this author’s opinion that the correct answer is to always validate your coding. As a born-and-raised developer turned SEO, it has always been my own best practice to perform complete W3C checking and validation on my sites WHEN I have complete and full control over them. Is it always possible to achieve that kind of coding nirvana? I think so. There are situations where this kind of coding ideal is not possible, so it is necessary to judge the situation for yourself, as not everything discussed here will always apply. Checklist Item #7: Does My Site Contain Major Instances of Coding Errors? One common coding error is the utilization of polyglot documents or documents that were coded with one document type, but implemented on a new platform with another document type. When I was in law firm SEO, I ran into this often when developers were attempting to cut corners. The general appearance of coding documents in this manner resulted in many coding errors being thrown by the W3C validator, sometimes thousands. To the inexperienced, it seems as if you would need to change every HTML tag or other instance of coding in order to comply with W3C standards. Not at all. It ended up being the case of pure ‘copy and paste’ of the code. In most instances where budgets, project scoping, and other issues interfered with development times, it could be impossible to implement the right fix, which is to make sure all coding adheres to the chosen document type. The simple solution, especially on large sites where large budgets, inter-departmental cooperation, and third parties are involved, would be to simply change the DOCTYPE line to be the right DOCTYPE the document was coded in. Checklist Item #8: Does My Site Contain an Efficient Code Layout? How code is laid out is extremely important, as explained by Michael King, Founder and Managing Director of iPullRank. Code layout can impact rendering times, overall site speed, and eventually the final performance of the site. From a server perspective, this is a crucial step to get right. From the client-side perspective, this can also impact load times. When considering client-side coding, let’s time travel a bit. Back in the olden days of 1998, it was not uncommon to find code layouts with 2400 rows and 2400 columns in table non-CSS designs. Here, in 2017, it is also not uncommon to find bloated code layouts with 50 rows and 50 columns created entirely in nested DIVs, where the amount of rows and columns is inappropriate and contributes nothing to the overall layout. Of course, I am exaggerating on the number. By putting a little thought into a layout, it is possible to compress some over-bloated layouts down to three DIVs (and maybe one or two nested DIVs): header, content, and footer. This applies to the client-side. On the back-end from the server side perspective, code layout of everything from PHP to JavaScript, CSS, and HTML, efficient development practice should take into account the minification of code, as well as better coding layouts. One more issue: Meta tags should also be coded according to DOCTYPE. If the W3C validator throws errors due to meta tags, it is most likely being caused by self-closing meta tags being used in a DOCTYPE that does not provide for them. For example: (<meta name=“description” content=“” />) as opposed to <meta name=“description” content=“”>). The former is an instance of a self-closing meta tag, which can be required in XHTML documents. In standard HTML 5, it is not required to use it. Make sure you know the rules and how to implement them when using differing DOCTYPEs. Otherwise, these errors can cause issues. Look Into This: Image Issues Images are used in web design to convey mood, tell a story, and make things look cool. However, they can impede the user experience when they become too large. Now, more than ever, with Google’s mobile index looming, it is important to consider image size when it comes to enhancing site speed on mobile. While it has always been a development best practice, not everyone in web development implements best-practice techniques. Ok, so let’s time travel again. In the olden days of 1998, it was commonplace to make sure that pages never exceeded 35 kB in size. According to HTTP Archive, most web pages now don’t exceed 14 kB in size for the HTML files (not including images). Most web pages now don’t exceed 648 kB as of 12/15/2016, which includes all potential elements (like scripts, fonts, video, images, etc.). What is the best page size to target when developing a site? The smallest size possible given what you are developing for. Any improvement towards faster site speed can help improve your site performance overall. Checklist Item #9: Are Images Causing Unnecessary Bottlenecks? It is this author’s opinion that it should be standard for developers to optimize images. In my experience, I’ve found that many developers are not utilizing image compression techniques. For example, it is possible to take an image, compress it down to manageable file size in Photoshop while maintaining quality and physical dimension size. This is usually done on photos by adjusting the JPG settings when exporting an image for the web. Different Development Platforms: Are Images Unnecessarily Large When They Don’t Have to Be? This not only takes into account physical download size but also the image pixel dimensions in general (these are not always mutually exclusive, depending on the platform you use). I have found WordPress developers to be a major offender of this particular checklist item. Images will be uploaded to WordPress and resized without much regard for the physical download size of the image. This can result in a 20 x 20 image on WordPress being 2 MB in size if you are not careful. To make sure this does not happen, always open the image in Photoshop (or whatever image compression program you use) to resize it and compress it properly using lossless compression. Doing this and carefully keeping watch on the final image download size within WordPress will help make sure that unintentional file size increases will not negatively impact your site speed. Look Into This: Search Plug-Ins, Other Plug-Ins Whenever you develop a website, especially on platforms like WordPress, issues can crop up even when the developer is not at fault. Search plug-ins can cause especially harmful, irreparable damage to a website’s reputation if they are not caught early. One such instance can be if a search plug-in creates multiple pages for every single search result typed into the search plug-in. When this happens, not only do you get many blank pages without content, you can also run up the bandwidth bill from your website hosting provider. Checklist Item #10: Are Any Rogue Plug-Ins Causing Major Issues With SEO? Other rogue plug-ins can cause major SEO issues especially when they insert things like links into the footers of your pages automatically (site-wide footer links for linking’s sake is against Google’s Webmaster Guidelines: “Widely distributed links in the footers or templates of various sites”), and other issues. Look Into This: Site Speed and Server Configurations Utilizing much of the advice in this checklist will help get you to a good spot when it comes to the best options for site speed. There are, however, other issues to consider when server configurations and site speed come into play. Some bottlenecks can be caused by server issues, but it will be up to you to identify and figure out what bottlenecks are being caused by your server. Some common bottlenecks include the following, which are all fairly easy fixes. First, begin by checking your site speed using Google’s Page Speed Testing tool. They have moved most of their page speed and other insights into their Mobile-Friendly Test Tool. In addition, I recommend also using the site test tool webpagetest.org. Checklist Item #11: Is Your Server Using GZip Compression? GZip compression on a server lets the server compress files in such a way that results in faster transfers over a network. It is generally standard on most servers built today, but can sometimes be an issue on some servers. If you don’t know, it is likely already enabled on your host. You can check this by running a test on webpagetest.org. Checklist Item #12: Server Time to First Byte Loaded Is the first byte to load taking longer than the rest of your website to load? If so, this could be a bottleneck that can help you squeeze out every last bit of performance during the website development stage. This first-byte time measures the “time from when the user started navigating to the page until the first bit of the server response arrived.” When there’s trouble in paradise on this metric, this can usually mean a server configuration issue that can usually be fixed by your server technician. If following all the optimization items discussed in this checklist doesn’t work and you have found yourself having a severely long time to first-byte loaded issue, it’s a good idea to check with your server technician. This should help resolve any outstanding issues presented by this problem. Final Parting Thoughts Developing websites can be a fun, exciting endeavor. But they can also be a challenging affair wrought with issues that can plague a website’s SEO performance for years to come if you are not careful. Performing an in-depth website audit on an existing site could be the answer you need if you want to solve your website problems. Otherwise, when developing your website, following the steps in this guide will help you get your site to a great place from an SEO perspective. In the coming year, a mobile-first development approach with an emphasis on site speed will be an essential development step towards winning an edge in the competitive Google SEO landscape.   Image Credits Featured Image: Rawpixel/DepositPhotos.com In-post Photo #1: tatsianama/DepositPhotos.com In-post Photo #2: spaxiax/DepositPhotos.com In-post Photo #3: iinspiration/DepositPhotos.com In-post Photo #4: Screenshot by [Brian Harnish] [from Michael King’s presentation The Technical SEO Renaissance]. Taken February 2017. In-post Photo #5: ibphoto/DepositPhotos.com In-post Photo #6: Wavebreakmedia/DepositPhotos.com Related Posts 2016 SEO Checklist for Website Owners #MarketingNerds with Anne Ahola Ward: Best Practices in Mobile SEO, ASO, and Working Alongside Developers Don’t Launch a WordPress Site Before You Go Through This Checklist Bing Just Became a Powerful New Tool for Developers ADVERTISEMENT Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Brian Harnish SEO Specialist at ymarketing Since 1998, Brian Harnish has been developing websites using a thorough foundation of knowledge gained through a solid education and practical experience solving problems on... Read Full Bio @BrianHarnish +Brian Harnish Latest posts by Brian Harnish (see all) A Complete SEO Checklist for Web Developers - February 15, 2017 How to Build a WordPress Site in 24 Hours - May 6, 2016 25 Social Media Facts For The End of 2015 - November 3, 2015 Download: The Beginner's Guide to SEO A Complete Guide to Getting Started in SEO. Invalid email address.   Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: SEJ Summit 2017 Upcoming Event: Chicago See all SEJ Summit Conferences #SEJThinktank Webinar Link Building Metrics: Managing Projects and SEOs Wed. February 22nd, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast How to Avoid Digital Burnout See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts Popular Posts 1 DuckDuckGo Hits Milestone 14 Million Searches in a Single Day 80.3K reads 1/19/2017 2 2017’s Four Most Important Ranking Factors, According to SEO Industry Studies 18.1K reads 2/3/2017 3 Content Is King: The Greatest Lie Ever Told in SEO 8.3K reads 2/2/2017 4 4 Cool Ways Raspberry Pi Is Transforming Technology 7.8K reads 2/4/2017 5 9 Digital Marketing Tools You Can’t Live Without 7.5K reads 1/31/2017See All Popular Posts [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Will My Watch Get the Android Wear 2.0 Update? Cory Gunther02/09/2017 Google is ready to take another shot at the smartwatch. After showing off new features in Android Wear 2.0 back in 2016, LG and Google recently unveiled two new watches with the latest software. However, current owners are wondering when their watch will get the Android Wear 2.0 update. Advertisement The brand new LG Watch Sport and LG Watch Style are the first Android Wear 2.0 devices, and they’re coming soon. Both are already listed at popular retailers and carriers like Verizon. Read: Which Android Wear Watches Work With iPhone LG’s new watches look good, but they’re also pretty expensive. As a result many will keep what they already have. This brings us to the big question. What smartwatches will get updated to Android Wear 2.0 in the near future? A full list can be found below. Over the past few years some excellent smartwatches have been released. However, they’re running on old and outdated software, not to mention lacking in features. That’s all about to change though. Advertisement Android Wear 2.0 Updates Without further delay, this is the full list of watches that will get the update to Android Wear 2.0 in the near future. ASUS ZenWatch 2 ASUS ZenWatch 3 Casio Smart Outdoor Watch Casio PRO TREK Smart Fossil Q Wander Fossil Q Marshal Fossil Q Founder Huawei Watch Huawei Watch Ladies LG Watch Urbane 2nd Edition LTE LG Watch Urbane LG G Watch R Moto 360 (2nd Gen.) Moto 360 Sport Michael Kors Access Bradshaw Smartwatch Michael Kors Access Dylan Smartwatch New Balance RunIQ Nixon Mission Polar M600 Tag Heuer Connected Of course some of the most popular watches make the list. Including the newer Moto 360, the ASUS ZenWatch 2/3, anything recent from Huawei and the popular fashionable options from Michael Kors. First generation devices like the original Moto 360 or LG G Watch will be left out. That said, they are pretty old and were released in 2014. Also, we don’t have an exact timeframe as to when these updates will be released. Previously most watches received updates around the same time, with Google pushing Wear updates out to all. As soon as we have more details or a time table to watch we’ll confirm the details. Here’s a quick video recently released by Google. It details a few of the many new features you can expect to enjoy on Android Wear 2.0 in the near future. Advertisement Once Android Wear 2.0 arrives owners can expect more informative watch faces, and lots of customization or personalization. An improved Google Fit with better workouts, new ways to use apps, and more features like Android Pay on Wear. Additionally, the Google Assistant is now built-in. Meaning users can make the most of every minute, as their watch tells them the time in style. While the smartwatch market as a whole hasn’t taken off as much as expected, they’re still popular. Samsung offers great watches, and the Apple Watch is still an exciting option for consumers. As a result Google has overhauled their entire user interface for watches and wearable devices. 2 Responses 02/10/2017 thomasammy749 Reply Stay at home mom Kelly Richards from New York after resigning from her full time job managed to average from $6000-$8000 a month from freelancing at home… This is how she done hkhkhkhkjhkjhkjhkjhkjhkhkjhkjhkjhkjhkjhk >>>>>>>>>!!!!!!!!!!!!!http://jobbuzz7.com 02/15/2017 John Mitton Reply Android Wear 2.0: Final guide to the major Android Wear Smartwatch update which adds a whole host of new features such as it has an weight on custom watch faces, fitness and standalone apps Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 3 Reasons Not to Install Galaxy S7 Nougat & 5 Reasons You Should 02/07/2017 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.2.1 & 6 Reasons You Should 02/01/2017
Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Biz & Tech Automotive IT Heavy industries Light industries Science Game Photo News Thu, February 16, 2017 | 18:45 North Korea Entertainment Music Dramas & TV shows Movies Performances Exhibitions Photo News Opinion Editorial Columnists Park Moo-jong Choi Sung-jin Tong Kim Korean Historical Sense Andrew Salmon John Burton Jason Lim Donald Kirk Kim Ji-myung Jay Kim Andrei Lankov Frank Ching Hyon O'Brien Younghoy Kim Kimaro Michael McManus Deauwand Myers Casey Lartigue, Jr. Bernard Rowan Stephen Costello Semoon Chang Michael Breen Lee Seong-hyon Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Feature Image of Korea Small Picture Economy Policies Finance Photo News Biz & Tech Automotive IT Heavy industries Light industries Science Game Photo News National Politics Foreign Affairs Embassy News Defense Affairs Foreign Communities Investigations Diseases & welfare Labor & environment Education Seoul & provinces Obituaries Photo News Culture Books Religions Healthcare Food Fortune Telling Hotel & Travel Fashion Korean traditions Photo News Sports Football Baseball Golf Other Sports 2018 PyeongChang Photo News World SCMP Asia Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Community Time Forum Market Place Talk Box Study Plaza Photos Learning English IT Hancom joins Google, Naver on AI translation programs Posted : 2017-02-15 16:55 Updated : 2017-02-15 22:13 By Lee Min-hyung Hancom has joined the toughening translation service competition against portal giants Google and Naver, combining its deep learning expertise with its own translation platform, the company said Wednesday. The nation's largest office software operator said it has upgraded its GenieTalk software by combining neural machine translation (NMT) technology with its existing rule-based machine translation (RBMT) service. NMT has stunned local users with its human-like and satisfactory translations. This is because the AI system translates entire sentences, whereas decades-old computerized statistics have so far taken a phrase-based translation approach. "The new GenieTalk service is different from the local competitors in that we offer the hybrid translation service _ which includes RBMT and NMT," a Hancom spokeswoman said. "The RBMT serves as the building block to check grammatical errors for potential outcomes, with the NMT keeping to compiling datasets to generate more natural translation output." Hancom is the third company here to tap into the NMT-based translation industry, following Naver and Google. Naver, the Seoul-based portal with the top market share domestically, unveiled its NMT translation app, Papago, last October, offering language translation services using Korean, Chinese, Japanese and English. The next month, the U.S.-based technology titan also launched an upgraded version of the globally renowned Google Translate service with its own AI algorithm. At that time, the company expressed confidence about the growth potential for the new service, backed by its big data and machine learning expertise. The accuracy of the NMT service is expected to reach much higher, as it automatically piles up more data over time. For this reason, conventional translation service operators are losing ground after their failure to embrace the data-driven technology shift. "We are going to differentiate our services by focusing on improving accuracy especially for less-frequently-used expressions through our hybrid translation service," the Hancom official said. "Hancom plans to add the NMT function into four languages _ Korean, English, Japanese and Chinese _ this month," she added. The company hopes to use the upcoming PyeongChang Winter Olympics as a stepping stone to raise its global profile, as GenieTalk has been named the official translation service for the Olympic Games in Korea next February. The firm expects more than 40,000 athletes, members of the international press and other visitors from here and abroad to use the service at the weeks-long Olympics. mhlee@ktimes.comMore articles by this reporter North Korean leader's half-brother killed by 'poison needles' in Malaysia Animal rights activists demand dolphin import ban One assassination suspect detained in Malaysia; 'several' others on the run Who killed N. Korean leader's half-brother and why? [VIDEO] Special prosecutor seeks arrest warrant for Samsung boss Lee Jae-yong, senior executive Two iconic K-pop girl bands leave legacy Google investigated for practice against Samsung Incheon police under fire for using patriotism symbol on anti-terrorism posters Samsung chief Lee Jae-yong quizzed again over corruption scandal Where are Kim Jong-nam's widow and children? Stop importing dolphins! New start? Presidential hopeful in science class Setback for Trump An courts elderly voters Snack festival US, Japan test-fire jointly developed interceptor missile So sweet Jeju haenyeo UNESCO heritage [PHOTOS] About Korea Times CEO Message Times History Contents Distribution Media Kit Contact Us Location Privacy Statement Ombudsman Mobile Service PDF Service RSS Service
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google asked to blacklist a million 'pirate' websites, but they include White House, NASA ​Among the million websites cited in takedown requests to Google are a few unlikely alleged piracy websites, such as NASA, the US Department of Justice, and The White House. By Liam Tung | February 15, 2017 -- 11:39 GMT (03:39 PST) | Topic: Security One million websites have now been affected by copyright takedown requests to Google. Image: Google Transparency Report Google is flooded with requests to purge its index of alleged copyright-infringing links. Last year alone rights holders asked it to remove just over one billion links. In the vast majority of cases it agreed to remove them, unless they were invalid requests, duplicates, or if the requests themselves were suspected of being fraudulent. Google piracy link-removal requests jump again: Now they hit 75 million a month At the current rate, this year Google will probably need to assess one billion URLs that allegedly infringe copyrights. Read More Thanks to the continually updated copyright section of Google's Transparency report, it's possible to see how many URLs it's removed and the number of affected websites, as well as to drill down to check which sites have been targeted. According to the report, the number of affected websites has reached the one million mark in the six years Google has been counting. During that time Google has removed a whopping 2.1 billion URLs. As Google highlights in a graph, in January 2015 it was getting on average well below 10 million per day, whereas today it often receives over 20 million per day. While that growth isn't so surprising, what is, as noted by Torrent Freak, is that takedown requests have affected a host of sites not usually linked with piracy, including The White House and the US Department of Justice, which have been reported on dozens of occasions. Also targeted were NASA, Netflix, the BBC, and The New York Times. In most of these instances, Google hasn't removed the URLs. While these are glaring mistakes, fortunately they are a minor portion of the overall requests. However, one legit site that attracted a relatively large number of requests was the movie database, IMDb, which has been the subject of 1,000 URL requests. Using Google to prevent people finding copyright-infringing links remains one of the key avenues rights holders have for preventing infringement. As Torrent Freak notes, pirate sites often have multiple domains to use to bypass an ISP block on certain URLs. The latest country to attempt an ISP blockade is Sweden, home of The Pirate Bay, where a court last week ordered an ISP to prevent customers accessing pirate sites through several domains and URLs. Similar blockades are in place Denmark, the UK, and France. Read more Google's Transparency report Google's HTTPS encryption efforts now on display in Transparency Report Google divulges more data on its users than ever, as government requests spike Google: 'Web has never been more secure', as HTTPS dominates Chrome browsing Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security Microsoft to delay its February patches to March 14 Security Telcos could be offshoring Australian metadata and AGD doesn't know where it is Security The seven most dangerous attack techniques: A SANS Institute rundown Security Wickr, the encrypted messaging app, finally goes open source × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back Whitepapers and eBooks Survey Reports Webinars Polls Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs Events More Back About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Get our newsletter Press Releases 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back Whitepapers and eBooks Survey Reports Webinars Polls Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs Events More Back About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Get our newsletter Press Releases 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Diversification is a search for fools’ gold – Colt CEO Written by Jamie Davies 1 day ago In an industry that has seen money been thrown around like confetti in a bid to diversify business models, Colt has bucked the trend and simply said no. With its 25th birthday just around the corner, you could forgive the company for looking back on yesteryear and wondering whether its life choices were the most sensible. We all do it, but that is not to say the company is not in a good position, it currently employs around 4,000 people worldwide and brought in revenues of about €1.5 billion in 2014 – the last time the company was public. Since then there have been a number of changes. CEO Carl Grivner was brought in to steer the ship at the beginning of 2016, and brought with him somewhat of a radical change; the business is de-diversifying. “We were a perfect example of a company which was chasing too much,” Grivner told Telecoms.com. “We were into the IT services business a couple of years ago. We were one of those who used the logic that IT companies will make decisions based on their IT services, their data centres and their network, and they’ll all be a single decision maker. That’s not the way the world ever was or is. “We were trying to do everything, and it was hurting us. We were chasing fools’ gold.” Grivner’s approach is simple. Do one thing, and do it very well. While everyone else in the telco industry is seemingly on a quest to launch as many different services as possible to recoup profits margins which have been savaged by the overwhelming wave of OTTs, Colt is focusing solely on the network and connectivity. Although it may sound backward, Grivner’s approach does make sense. In recent weeks’, we’ve seen the problems some diversification can cause, and Arcep, the French regulator, has also weighed into the argument, claiming the money being spent on content is removing the focus from the core business and, quite frankly, the reason telcos exist; to provide connectivity. Successful diversification is, of course, possible, just look at Microsoft or Google. The former has diversified to make it one of the most important companies in the world, and the second has done so to continue a pattern of tremendous growth. However, Microsoft’s diversification was done over the course of a couple of decades, while Google’s is underway knowing that it has a core business which is going to guarantee billions. The problem with telco diversification is that they are being forced to do so. It is a diversify or die situation. There isn’t a luxury of confidence or time to test the water, a telco’s CEO has to do something new, and something quickly, or it won’t be long before a replacement is found. This forced diversification can lead to overspend, bad decisions and a negligence of the core business. “We privatized in January of last year,” said Grivner. “We were listed for many years and I think that also helps us, as being a public company, you become dictated by the end of the quarter and your financials. It changes decisions which we make to ensure we’re keeping the shareholders. Now I can go to the board, lay out a plan and come to a decision very quickly. “We don’t have the same pressures that our competitors are facing. We are private, which means we don’t have to live quarter to quarter. We can make decisions which are more of benefit to the longer ambitions and interests of the company.” At the core of these long-term ambitions is a network which will be receiving a lot of attention over the next few months. The last twelve months has seen the team debate and devise a strategy to take Colt back to the challenger brand status, a mind-set which Grivner feels the business lost in its search for diversified revenues. The result of this consultation period is a €400 million investment over the next three years to build the Colt IQ network. Grivner told us the new network will be operational by Q3 of this year, and will be driven by software-defined networking technologies. SDN is another area which has been discussed widely in recent years, though the buzz has seemingly died down a little bit. According to Grivner, the Colt IQ network will be built for intelligence, and the start-ups of today and tomorrow. The corporate line here is that Colt wants to cloudify the network. While the enthusiasm of Grivner cannot be called into question, it does sound like the same corporate spiel which every telco comes out with every couple of months. The main difference here are the customers the team are chasing. Alongside the investment, Grivner said the sales team will also be doubled to chase some of the worlds’ hardest to find and reach customers; start-ups. Most telcos would differentiate customers on the size of the business, but Colt is targeting the biggest consumers of bandwidth in the industry. These organizations do not have to be thousands of employees, it could be no more than a dozen, but what they need to be are bandwidth hogs. On average they consume more bandwidth per person than other organizations, and they are hungry for more. The theory here is finding the next Facebook or Salesforce. Grivner highlighted that the dominant companies of tomorrow, will likely be companies which we have never heard of today. If Colt get in on the ground floor with these organizations and develop a strong relationship, the rewards could be major. A good example of these bandwidth hog customers is the Berlinale Film Festival. It’s a festival which only lasts 11 days, but in that time shows more than 400 films, attracts more than 300,000 fans and consumes more than a petabyte of data. The digitization of the cinema industry has seen a huge demand for data, and Colt are more than willing to help. They also like bears. Check out a few of the pictures of our trip around Berlin this week. They definitely like bears. Although the data hungry and greedy customers may be difficult to find for the moment, they are worth looking for according to Grivner. With the introduction and gradual roll out of technologies like 5G and IoT, new organizations are going to appear, and they will grow fast. And as they grow, so will the appetite for bandwidth. Colt will, in theory, ride the start-up wave to glories. So it’s a simple strategy. Do one thing, but do it well. And target the right guys, not just the big ones. The Bears of Berlin Tags: Colt, connectivity, featured, Network, SDN Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content MWC 2017 will be all about 5G for Ericsson Amazon chimes in late to the chat party with UC move Huawei promises loads of cloud and video goodness at MWC 2017 Hold the 'fone! Voda hits gigabit LTE in Portugal Webinars View all VSAT system Challenges 2017-2025 23 February 2017 White Papers View all Tomorrow’s world – what is the future of telecoms? Share 03 Feb 2017 Data Revelations: Nominum Data Science Security Report Share 15 Dec 2016 Network maintenance evolution and best practices for NFV assurance Share 22 Nov 2016 Events View all Container World 21-23 February 2017 View Event GSMA Mobile World Congress 27 February - 02 March 2017 View Event Cable Congress 08-09 March 2017 View Event Polls View all Who is liable for accidents caused by a self-driving car? Car manufacturer Who ever provides the software The driver Supplier of sensors  Loading ... Twitter View all MWC 2017 will be all about #5G for #Ericsson https://t.co/fO1ALMSo2V #featured #mwc2017 15 February 2017 @ 18:31:40 UTC #Softbank keeps rolling the dice with $3.3bn Fortress #acquisition https://t.co/QhtN2zrbF8 #operator #investment 15 February 2017 @ 18:31:40 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2017. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA Tennis WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology Artificial intelligence Technology Google's DeepMind artificial intelligence becomes 'highly aggressive' when stressed. Skynet, anyone? Computer scientists at Google have discovered what happens when its artificial intelligence thinks it's going to lose  Share  Comments ByJeff Parsons 12:32, 15 FEB 2017 Technology This is why we shouldn't argue with computers  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Google's DeepMind is one of the most famous examples of artificial intelligence. Last year it famously defeated the world's best Go player at the tricky Chinese board game. It's also being used at Moorfields Eye Hospital to recognise eye diseases from scans. But new research shows that DeepMind reacts to social situations in a similar way to a human. Notably, it started to act in an "aggressive manner" when put under pressure. Google's computer scientists ran 40 million different turns of Gathering a fruit-gathering video game that asked two different DeepMind participants to compete against each other to collect the most apples. Read More Robot goes rogue after being handed the controls to a drone The DeepMind logo When there were enough apples to share, the two computer combatants were fine - efficiently collecting the virtual fruit. But as soon as the resources became scarce, the two agents became aggressive and tried to knock each other out of the game and steal the apples. The video below shows the process - with the DeepMind "gamers" represented in red and blue while the apples are green. The laser beams are yellow - and while the combatants don't get any reward for a hit, it does knock the opponent out of the game for a set period of time. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now "We characterize how learned behavior in each domain changes as a function of environmental factors including resource abundance," the team wrote in a paper explaining their results. "Our experiments show how conflict can emerge from competition over shared resources and shed light on how the sequential nature of real world social dilemmas affects cooperation. Read More Creepy-looking humanoid robot could help autistic children learn vital communication skills (Photo: Getty) "We noted that the policies learned in environments with low abundance or high conflict-cost were highly aggressive while the policies learned with high abundance or low conflict cost were less aggressive. That is, the Gathering game predicts that conflict may emerge from competition for scarce resources, but is less likely to emerge when resources are plentiful." The results are interesting in that they show computers are able to adapt to situations and modify their behaviour accordingly. Many experts have warned of the dangers of true artificial intelligence in machines. Elon Musk singled out DeepMind in particular as one to keep an eye on. "The pace of progress in artificial intelligence (I'm not referring to narrow AI) is incredibly fast. Unless you have direct exposure to groups like DeepMind, you have no idea how fast — it is growing at a pace close to exponential," he wrote in 2014. Read More Artificial intelligence can spot early signs of skin cancer just as well as a trained doctor Elon Musk has concerns about artificial intelligence (Photo: Bloomberg) "I am not alone in thinking we should be worried." "The leading AI companies have taken great steps to ensure safety. They recognize the danger, but believe that they can shape and control the digital superintelligences and prevent bad ones from escaping into the Internet. That remains to be seen..." So while Google's super-smart computers may be content to beat each other up in a race to collect virtual apples, the prospects for the future could be worrying. Especially if your name's Sarah Connor. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Google Computers Artificial intelligence Technology all Most Read Most Recent Mobile phones10 mobile phones from the past we used to love as Nokia 3310 makes its long-awaited come back Finnish firm HMD Global is set to cash in on retro appeal by rejigging Nokia’s classic 3310 – the most reliable ever made iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years Mobile World CongressMWC 2017: New smartphones from Sony, LG, Huawei and Nokia expected at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona Planning on getting a new phone this year? The giant trade show in Barcelona is where all the latest models get shown off first NetflixNetflix to stop blocking TV shows and movies across Europe as EU orders it to stop geo-fencing content A new EU rule has demanded that content providers remove the geographical boundaries that block TV shows and films Artificial intelligenceGoogle's DeepMind artificial intelligence becomes 'highly aggressive' when stressed. Skynet, anyone? Computer scientists at Google have discovered what happens when its artificial intelligence thinks it's going to lose Mobile phones10 mobile phones from the past we used to love as Nokia 3310 makes its long-awaited come back Finnish firm HMD Global is set to cash in on retro appeal by rejigging Nokia’s classic 3310 – the most reliable ever made vitamin DVitamin D tablets could be the key to beating winter colds and flu Study shows that taking vitamin D may protect against acute respiratory infections Elon MuskRobots 'will take our jobs' and we have to 'merge with AI to stay relevant' Billionaire Elon Musk said driverless cars would be the first area where machines took over and it would be "very disruptive and very quick" NetflixNetflix to stop blocking TV shows and movies across Europe as EU orders it to stop geo-fencing content A new EU rule has demanded that content providers remove the geographical boundaries that block TV shows and films Pokemon GoPokémon GO unleashes over 80 new characters and new avatars in huge 'Generation 2' update Creatures from the Pokémon Gold and Pokémon Silver games are set to make their way onto the mobile app this week Most Read Most Recent Coronation StreetCoronation Street writers appear to forget Mike Baldwin is dead in epic blunder Adam Barlow was looking for his deceased father in the Rovers Return Ian WrightIan Wright has complete and utter MELTDOWN as Arsenal are hammered by Bayern Munich The Gunners legend seemed to have some hope that his side could get a good result, but then things went badly wrong... Arsenal FCRoy Keane SLAMS Arsenal and claims Gunners 'only have two decent players' after Bayern Munich drubbing The former Manchester United midfielder almost saw no point in criticising Arsenal because the result was expected Jamie O'HaraJamie O'Hara explains Bianca split and admits he's trying to win back ex as they enjoy Dubai holiday It's a fresh blow for Bianca Gascoigne who was dumped four days after leaving the CBB house Amanda Knox'Straight women are gay for the stay': Amanda Knox opens up about lesbian relationship in prison Knox, 29, shared details of her fling with an inmate she called 'Leny' while in jail for the murder of Meredith Kercher Half TermCheap February half term ideas: Family days out from 2 for 1 Disneyland tickets to free museum entry Plan your school holiday activities now and pick up huge savings on attractions nationwide with our days out guide Mobile phones10 mobile phones from the past we used to love as Nokia 3310 makes its long-awaited come back Finnish firm HMD Global is set to cash in on retro appeal by rejigging Nokia’s classic 3310 – the most reliable ever made Arsenal FCRoy Keane: When I see Kieran Gibbs with the Arsenal captain’s armband they’re in big trouble The former Manchester United midfielder was worried with the rudderless Gunners when the left back was handed the armband DealsB&Q deals and voucher codes: DIY powerhouse launch huge 50% off clearance sale Whether you're doing the kitchen up, spring cleaning or fancy some new garden gizmos for summer, 1500 products are half price in B&Q's clearance sale Manchester United FCWhat channel is Manchester United vs St Etienne on? All you need to know ahead of Europa League clash The Red Devils are firm favourites to win the competition - even though Jose Mourinho has admitted he wouldn't be in the Europa League by choice Top Stories Neighbours from hell'Behave or lose your homes!' Pyjama-wearing neighbours from hell warned in dawn raids by police Purge targeted a total of 13 households over offences including racial harassment, assaulting a police officer, being drunk and disorderly, burglary and shoplifting Knife crime"You stole my f**king blood": Deranged knifeman calmly stabbed young woman to death in Holland & Barrett store where she worked Shane Smyth left Mairead Moran, 26, with a stab wound that caused injuries to her heart, lung, kidney and liver during the savage attack Amanda Knox'Straight women are gay for the stay': Amanda Knox opens up about lesbian relationship during time in prison Knox, 29, shared details of her fling with an inmate she called 'Leny' while in jail for the murder of Meredith Kercher SkiingMum 'scarred for life' after being 'slashed by pair of skis at high speed during family holiday' WARNING: GRAPHIC IMAGES Louise Timbrell, 42, claims she was standing on a slope in the French Alps when she was struck by the skis Arsenal FCFull transcript as Arsene Wenger answers THREE questions following Arsenal's humiliating defeat to Bayern Munich The Gunners boss saw his side thumped 5-1 in the Champions League last-16 tie in what was arguably the lowest ebb of the Frenchman's tenure in north London Court casePaedophile who abducted and sexually abused girl, six, is finally caught after being stopped for drink driving 15 years on The six-year-old girl was taken from Barton-under-Needwood, Staffordshire, in March 2001 and assaulted Giant ratsHordes of giant rats force mum and 7 children to flee their family home Carla Hazlett says she was forced out of the social housing amid fears her three-year-old son was becoming ill from exposure to the supersized vermin Health and Safety ExecutiveThree-year-old boy hit and killed by vehicle driven by dad in tragic farm accident Stuart Nelson’s father Richard, 37, was at the wheel when the tragedy happened at the family farm in Fife Ryan GiggsGary Neville and Ryan Giggs' 'aggressive' skyscraper scheme slammed as 'damaging' to historic city The St Michael's scheme in the city - backed by the former Manchester United stars - will offer a five-star hotel, 21-storey tower and luxury apartments AfghanistanDecorated war hero who served in SAS killed in helicopter crash while fighting wildfires Corporal David Steven Askin, 38, won New Zealand's second highest military award in 2014 for his actions in Afghanistan Kim Jong NamCareless half-brother of Kim Jong-un 'hunted down and tracked through his Facebook' page by assassins Kim Jong-nam, who had spoken out against his family's dynastic control of the isolated state, was 'assassinated by two women believed to be North Korean operatives' FoodDiners flee restaurant half way through eating meals after cockroach infestation in kitchen Half-eaten meals were left abandoned on tables when health inspectors ordered customers to down knives and forks at the popular Sands of Glenfield in Leicester 10 mobile phones from the past we used to love as Nokia 3310 makes its long-awaited come back iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone MWC 2017: New smartphones from Sony, LG, Huawei and Nokia expected at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona Netflix to stop blocking TV shows and movies across Europe as EU orders it to stop geo-fencing content Nokia 3310 returns: HMD Global to relaunch iconic mobile phone at MWC 2017 Google's DeepMind artificial intelligence becomes 'highly aggressive' when stressed. Skynet, anyone? When do the clocks go forward in 2017? Here's what you need to know about British Summer Time Mirror Online investigation: How shadowy hackers use Amazon, iTunes and eBay to steal YOUR card details Pokémon GO unleashes over 80 new characters and new avatars in huge 'Generation 2' update Are Kodi boxes legal in the UK? How authorities are cracking down on 'plug and play' piracy Pokémon Go Gen 2 update and latest news for 2017 - Legendary could be coming soon WhatsApp's latest feature makes your messages even more secure - here's how to turn it on Simple WhatsApp trick will change the font in your messages - here's how to do it How waterproof is the iPhone 7? We put Apple's new smartphone to the test Pokémon GO Valentine's Day event brings double candies and increased spawn rates for pink Pokémon Samsung Galaxy S8: UK price, release date, specs and rumours about 2017's first big smartphone launch This simple trick will let you screenshot a Snapchat message without notifying the sender How to have 'secret' conversations on Facebook Messenger and stop the government spying on your chats There's a secret inbox folder in Facebook Messenger - here's how to find out who's been trying to contact you Russia to test unstoppable 'Satan 2' stealth nuke capable of wiping out an ENTIRE NATION News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 February 2017 by Military News Intelligent Virtual Assistant Market Insights, Top Players Analysis, Business Opportunities and Forecast 2027 Pune, Maharashtra — — 02/14/2017 — Market Scenario Intelligent virtual assistant is a next generation technology or 3D animated persona which delivers the voice based or text based information via mobile phones, tablets, PCs or kiosk. Intelligent virtual assistant can respond to emails, schedule meetings, and remind you about upcoming tasks and so on. With the development in the technology, Intelligent Virtual Assistant Market is seeing a tremendous opportunity in the upcoming years. Industry News o In May 2016, Google unveils its Google Assistant, a new intelligent virtual assistant that can help in daily routine. o In April 2016, Nuance Communications announced that Nina virtual assistant helping Swedbank customers like a human. Key players – Nuance Communications (U.S.) – Anboto (Spain) – Google (U.S.) – eGain (U.S.) – CX Company (Netherlands) – ViClone (Spain) – Inbenta (U.S.) – GetAbby (U.S.) – Creative Virtual (U.K.) – Next IT (U.S.) Get a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1147 Market Segmentation Segmentation by Technology – Text-to-speech – Speech recognition Segmentation by Application Vertical: – BFSI – Healthcare – Automotive – E-Commerce – Aerospace – IT among Segmentation by End User: – Individual – Small & Medium Enterprises – Large Enterprises Segmentation by Region: – North America – Europe – Asia-Pacific – RoW Study Objective of Intelligent Virtual Assistant Market – To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global Intelligent Virtual Assistant Market – To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth – To analyze the hydroponics market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter’s five force analysis etc. – To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW) – To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective – To provide country level analysis of the market for segment by technology, by application verticals, by end user and sub-segments. – To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market – To tack and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global Intelligent Virtual Assistant Market Browse Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/intelligent-virtual-assistant-market Regional Analysis North America is dominating the market of intelligent virtual assistant with the market share of XX%. Technological advancement in North American countries is some key drivers for this market. Europe stands as second biggest market for IPA with the market share of XX%. The market size of IPA in Europe region has been valued at US $XX billion in the year 2015. Asia-Pacific has emerged as fastest growing market where APAC has witnessed CAGR of XX% which is very high. It is expected that APAC will dominate the market of intelligent virtual assistant by the end of forecasted period. Table of Content 1. Report prologue 2. Introduction 2.1 Definition 2.2 Scope of the study 2.2.1 Research objective 2.2.2 Assumptions 2.2.3 Limitations 2.3 Market structure 3. Research Methodology 3.1 Research process 3.2 Primary research 3.3 Secondary research 3.4 Market size estimation 3.5 Forecast model 4. Market Dynamics 4.1 Drivers 4.2 Restraints 4.3 Opportunities 5. Market factor analysis 5.1 Value chain analysis 5.2 Porters five forces The report for Global Intelligent Virtual Assistant Market of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions. Related Report Global Next Generation Wireless Communication Market Information, by Technology (Wireless LAN, 3G, 4G LTE, 5G), by Application (Consumer Electronics, Telecommunication, Aerospace & Defence, Retail, Automotive, Healthcare) – Forecast 2016-2027 https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/next-generation-wireless-communication-market About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. Contact: Akash Anand, Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Business, Companies, company, defence, force, Industry, Markets, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Manuka Honey 2017 Global Market Size,Status and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Analysis of Mobile Pocket Cloud Network Accelerator Industry and Forecast During the Period 2016 to 2020 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts La Essl Collection se transfiere a ALBERTINA La collection Essl transférée au musée ALBERTINA Le Nouvel Espace de Guian fait paraître le plan de 2017 mettant l’accent sur les entreprises de mégadonnées Le Nouvel Espace de Guian fait paraître le plan de 2017 mettant l’accent sur les entreprises de mégadonnées Essl Collection Transferred to the ALBERTINA Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,612 +107.45 +0.52% Nasdaq 5,819 +36.87 +0.64% S&P 500 2,349 +11.67 +0.50% 4:44 A.M. ET Two Women Arrested in Kim Jong Nam Killing 4:37 A.M. ET Snapchat parent sets IPO valuation at up to $22.2 billion 4:36 A.M. ET Cobham warns on 2016 profit; sees tough 2017 4:27 A.M. ET Miners, oil giants pull FTSE 100 back from 1-month high 4:03 A.M. ET Airbus faces court battle with Austrian ministry 3:57 A.M. ET Updated This may be the one currency call Trump’s administration got right 3:54 A.M. ET Nestlé sales miss target; plans cost cuts 3:37 A.M. ET Death of Kim Jong Nam: Second woman arrested over airport attack 3:25 A.M. ET Opinion Multinationals learn the limits of being big 3:24 A.M. ET Cobham sinks 22% after writedown, guidance cut 3:22 A.M. ET Updated The Nasdaq is partying like it’s 1999, by this metric 3:21 A.M. ET Updated How one key Trump trade has regained its fizz — in one chart 3:11 A.M. ET Fiat Chrysler climbs 1.4% after car sales jump 15% in Europe 3:10 A.M. ET Nestle slips 1.4% at the open after sales slow 3:08 A.M. ET Updated What’s behind Russia’s jauntier mood? Way more than Trump, says this bank CEO 3:07 A.M. ET Updated The reflation trade is back on 3:06 A.M. ET Updated The stock market is doing so much winning, Wall Street is thinking Nasdaq 6,000 3:05 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens flat at 4,925.30 3:05 A.M. ET Updated Yellen may have offered the clearest explanation for the stock market’s record run 3:05 A.M. ET Updated ‘Mellow’ Charlie Munger says Trump ‘not wrong on everything’ Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Time Warner shareholders approve $85.4 billion AT&T merger Home Industries Computers/Electronics The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Amazon, Google plan to turn their home speakers into home phones By Ryan Knutson and Laura Stevens Published: Feb 15, 2017 7:40 a.m. ET Share Amazon Amazon Home By RyanKnutson LauraStevens Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc.’s Google are considering a new use for their popular home speakers: becoming the home phone. Amazon’s Echo AMZN, +0.75%  or the Google GOOGL, -0.32%  Home could be used to make or receive calls, people familiar with the matter said, a functionality that would give them further control over consumers’ digital lives at home. The tech giants could launch the feature this year, the people said — but the effort is hung up over concerns about privacy, telecom regulations and emergency services. And they are aware of the inherent awkwardness of having phone conversations on a speaker. Amazon and Google are part of a broader race among tech giants to create and install digital assistants in everything from cars to homes. Adding phone capability is a way to tack on more functions, which could lead to greater adoption and more frequent use. An expanded version of this story can be found at WSJ.com Popular on WSJ.com: Mike Flynn’s brief White House stint caps contentious career North Korean leader Kim Jong Un’s brother killed in Malaysia More from MarketWatch Meet Rumor, the 2017 Westminster Dog Show Winner Apple Shares Close at All-Time High Asian markets slide as investors wary of weaker dollar Quote References AMZN +6.31 +0.75% GOOGL -2.71 -0.32% Most Popular The stock market is doing so much winning, Wall Street is thinking Nasdaq 6,000 The reflation trade is back on Intelligence officials withhold sensitive information from Trump: report The tipping point for renewable energy is nearly here NetApp finally catches up, but may already be behind MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Warehouses are the new mansions View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Sponsored Content Realtor.com: The 5 biggest mistakes veteran and military home buyers make View More Financial News Executive stress on the rise for finance workers View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $842.70 +6.31 (+0.75%) Volume 2.9M Open $834.00 High $842.81 Low $832.82 P/E Ratio 171.83 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 399.1B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $837.32 -2.71 (-0.32%) Volume 1.3M Open $838.81 High $841.77 Low $836.22 P/E Ratio 30.03 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 571.3B LatestNews
South Africa   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa International   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   LibyaTourism, Travel & HospitalityTourism, Travel & HospitalityTravel All industries Marketing & Media South Africa Marketing & Media Africa International Agriculture, Horticulture & Forestry Automotive Building & Construction CSI & Sustainability Education & Training Energy & Mining Finance & Insurance Healthcare Human Resources & Recruitment IT & Telecommunications Legal Lifestyle & Entertainment Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Property & Real Estate Retail Tourism, Travel & Hospitality Accommodation Air Travel Catering Food Services Hospitality Restaurant Supply Tourism Tours Travel Trends All Articles Companies Events Galleries Jobs People Advertise Submit Contact Africa All industries Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   Libya   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe International Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism All Agriculture Agri Tech Agribusiness Agro-processing Aquaculture Commercial Fishing Commodities & Fairtrade Fertilisers & GMOs Food Security Forestry Horticulture Sustainability Trends All Automotive Maintenance & Safety Manufacturing & Parts Motorcycles Motoring Reviews Motorsport Petrochemical Retail & Rental Trends All Building Architecture & Design Building Materials & Equipment Construction & Engineering Property Development Smart Buildings & Cities Sustainable Development Trends Utilities All CSI & Sustainability Circular Economy Climate Change Education & Training Environment & Natural Resources Food, Water & Energy Security Health & Welfare Inclusion & Equality Infrastructure and Technology Pollution & Waste Management Sustainability Month Trends All Education Distance Learning E-learning Higher Education Primary & Secondary Education Skills Training Trends All Energy & Mining Energy Markets & Investment Mining Nuclear Power Renewables & Energy Efficiency Science & Engineering Trends All Finance Accounting & Auditing Banking Budget Speech Education & Training Financial Services Fintech Insurance & Actuarial Markets & Investment Taxation & Regulation Trends Venture Capital All Healthcare Aesthetic Medicine Cardiology Chronic Diseases CSI Dentistry Disease Groups Ear, Nose & Throat Emergency Procedures Ethical Medicines Exercise Science Exhibitions & Events Financial Services Food Crisis Gastroenterology Generic Medicines HIV/AIDS Hospital Groups Infectious Diseases Malaria Medical Aid Medical Research Medical Technology Mental health Neurology NPO Nutrition Obstetrics & Gynaecology Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopaedics Paediatrics Palliative care Pharmaceutical Companies Pharmaceuticals Public Health Sports Science Surgical Equipment & Products Surgical Procedures Trends Tuberculosis Women's Health All HR Entrepreneurship HR Tools & Software Labour Law & Unions Management Skills Development & Training Talent Acquisition Trends All ICT App and website development Cloud Computing Cyber Security Data Management Hardware Internet Network Services Software Tech Startups Technology Telecommunications Trends All Legal Competition Law Corporate & Commercial Law Criminal Law Cyber Law Environmental Law Immigration & Citizenship Law Labour Law Land & Property Law Law of Succession Law Practice Legislation Media & Entertainment Law Medical Law Public Liability Tax Law Trends All Lifestyle Art Events Fashion Food & Wine Movies Music Sport Theatre Travel Trends Wellness Win All Logistics & Transport Aviation Cargo & Storage Distribution Fleet Management Public Transport Railway Shipping Supply Chain Transport Trends Warehousing All Manufacturing Industrial automation Machinery Manufacturing Trends All Marketing & Media Advertising Bizcommunitoon Branding Cinema CRM CSI Design Digital Direct Marketing Education Entrepreneur Month Entrepreneurship Events & Conferencing Exhibitions Focus on Media Magazines Marketing Media Mobile Newspapers Online Media OOH PR & Communications Printing Production Promotions Publishing Radio Recruitment Research Retail Sales Social Media Sponsorship TV With or Without Sugar Youth Marketing All Property Commercial Property Industrial Property Market & Investments Property Management Rental Residential Trends All Retail Banking & Finance Branding CGF Global Summit Cold Chain Commercial Property CRM CSI E-commerce eCommerce Awards Exhibitions & Events Fashion, Clothing & Textiles FMCG Franchising Green Sustainability Health & Safety Hospitality Import/Export In-store Media Informal Retailing Manufacturing Merchandising Packaging Refrigeration Regulatory Research Retail Marketing Retail Services Retail Trends Retailers Sales Security Shopfitting Supply Chain Technology Training Trends All Tourism Accommodation Air Travel Catering Food Services Hospitality Restaurant Supply Tourism Tours Travel Trends In the news Enquire about a company press office Travel News Menu News MyBiz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People directory Companies Multimedia News My Biz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People Companies Multimedia News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Newsletter archive Most read articles Submit news My newsfeed My profile Edit my profile My CV My favourites My portfolio/showcase My followers Following people Press office news Press offices Press office listings Press office info My press office Open a Biz Press Office Jobs offered Jobs wanted My saved jobs My CV Recruiters Companies recruiting Submit a job advert Recruitment login Submit a job Industry events Workshops Other Calendar Submit event Articles Contributors A-Z Contribute Find people People you may know Invite people Edit my profile Company listings Associations My company Press office companies Get a company listing Video Audio Galleries Images Submit your media News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Latest newsletter Most read Subscribe to industry newsletters #DesignMonth #DesignMonth: Chatting molluscs and mobile gaming with ThoopidLauren Hartzenberg #DesignMonth: Is SA smart-city ready?Sindy Peters 'Simplicity in Design'-themed kitchens to display at Decorex SA 2017 More... Top stories #FoodTrends: what's cooking at the moment?Janine Fourie Google Maps adds bucket list feature FEDHASA sheds light on immigration and labour regulations Tourism Business Council unpacks SONA highlights Refreshed Protea Hotel George Outeniqua welcomes visitors to Garden Route Sharing is caring at MAReSOLCari Coetzee Ocean Basket to open branches in Kuwait JAN holds onto its Michelin star for 2017 Hospitality industry urged to optimise water use Embrace solo cruising Business is booming for the Century City Conference Centre and Hotel Tsogo Chef's Challenge sees chefs cooking outside their comfort zone 2017 sees a hike in SA's tourism trends Gold Brands makes ‘hot' investment in Greek burger chain Fair Trade Tourism adds Shamwari to its portfolio BON Hotels adds Grand Pela to their Nigerian portfolio Flux in luxury travel and what to knowJosephine Wawira Etihad Airways announces travel programme tailored for fashion industry New self-catering apartment bolsters Garden Route luxury travel offering Food & Hospitality Africa scoops Best Trade Exhibition category awardMore Top stories news...  Submit news Bizcommunity has over 400 industry contributors and we always welcome further contributions and contributors. Submit news Google Maps adds bucket list feature 15 Feb 2017 | Save | Email | Print |  PDF     Do you have a bucket list? Have you ever wanted to share your bucket list or favourite spots with out of town guests, but never got around to it? You can create lists of places, share your lists and follow other lists, all without ever leaving the Google Maps app. ©Maksym Protsenko via 123RF How to To start your lists of the places you love, open the Google Maps app and find that spot you’ve been wanting to try. Tap on the place name and then the “Save” icon to add the place to one of several pre-set lists like “Want to Go” or “Favorites.” You can also add the restaurant to a new list that you name yourself, like “After work drinks”. To recall the lists you’ve created, go to Your Places (in the side menu) and then open the saved tab. Icons for the places you’ve saved to lists will appear on the map itself, so you’ll always know whether one of your must-try drinks spots is nearby. Sharing is caring Because sharing is caring, Google has made it easy to share lists like “Best Views in CT” via text, email, social networks and popular messaging apps. Whenever friends and family come to town, tap the share button to get a link and start flexing your local knowledge muscles. Once you send a link to your out-of-towners, they can tap “Follow” to pull up the list from "Your Places" whenever they need it. Wherever you go The lists you follow are with you wherever you take Google Maps and are viewable on mobile and desktop - and even offline. Next time you're on a trip, download offline maps of the area in advance and you'll be able to see all the places you’ve added to lists on the map itself. With the millions of landmarks, businesses and other points of interest in Google Maps, there’s no shortage of places to try. Now that Google has got the world mapped, it’s your turn to map your world with lists - from local hotspots to bucket list destinations worlds away. ‹    Like Save Email Print PDF Comment on thisComment Comment guidelines and disclaimer LEGAL DISCLAIMER: This Message Board accepts no liability of legal consequences that arise from the Message Boards (e.g. defamation, slander, or other such crimes). All posted messages are the sole property of their respective authors. The maintainer does retain the right to remove any message posts for whatever reasons. People that post messages to this forum are not to libel/slander nor in any other way depict a company, entity, individual(s), or service in a false light; should they do so, the legal consequences are theirs alone. Bizcommunity.com will disclose authors' IP addresses to authorities if compelled to do so by a court of law. Jason Williams Thanks a lot for sharing the great article. Keep up the good work iOS 11 release date Posted on 16 Feb 2017 11:27 LikeReplyReport Read more: social network, mobile app, bucket list, Google Maps, destinations Related FEDHASA sheds light on immigration and labour regulations Tourism Business Council unpacks SONA highlights Google Maps adds bucket list feature Refreshed Protea Hotel George Outeniqua welcomes visitors to Garden Route News Show more Subscribe Receive free email newsletter Make us your homepage Add us to your favorites RSS feed Get biz on your phone Follow us Invite Tell a friend about us News Articles News by industry Company news Cartoons Events In briefs Galleries Newsletter archive Ornico ad showcase Reviews Trends Community Companies Contributors Portfolio showcases Forums Jobs Jokes Noticeboards People Polls Social media Submit News Company Job ad Op-ed contribution Portfolio showcase New business New appointment Event listing Gallery Noticeboard MyBiz Account Home My company listing My job ads My newsfeed MyBiz CV MyBiz Favourites MyBiz Profile Subscribe to news My newsletters Customise newsletters Advertise Product overview Website Newsletters Press offices Recruitment Special products Download ratecard Contact us Bizcommunity About us Contact us Send us news Our Biz Press Office Follow us Feedback Join us ADSL & Web hosting proudly provided by Afrihost. All rights reserved. Copyright © 2017. Bizcommunity.com, its sponsors, contributors and advertisers disclaim all liability for any loss, damage, injury or expense that might arise from the use of, or reliance upon, the services contained herein. Privacy policy, Terms of Use, PAIA.
Home > SEO Copywriting > Google Video: How To Hire An SEO Google Video: How To Hire An SEO Feb 15, 2017 • 7:19 am | (9) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under SEO - Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Google has released a video named how to hire an SEO and Maile Ohye, a Googler part of the Google Search team for 10 or so years, is the face behind that video. The video itself goes into detail on how to hire an SEO, including what to watch out for. The SEO hiring process according to Google is three part: (1) Conduct a two-way interview with your potential SEO. Check that they seem genuinely interested in you and your business. (2) Check their references. (3) Ask for a technical and search audit. Here is the video, which is something you should watch (or in this case, just listen to). Do you guys disagree with anything said in the video? Forum discussion at Google+. Previous story: Daily Search Forum Recap: February 14, 2017   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 02/10/2017 08:53 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Report: Verizon Wants $250 Million Off the Yahoo Deal Understanding the Google Image Search Traffic Drops Digital Point Forums $10 one badge Keyword Ranking Suggestion?? Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
// IP Marketing video - START// IP Marketing video - END Information: Weather in Armenia Exchange rates RSS feeds: RSS (headlines) RSS (articles) RSS (interviews) More RSS feeds PanARMENIAN Photo: RSS (photowire) RSS (photoblog) USD486.62EUR513.72RUR8.48 Yerevan-16 ... -2 C Home All news World Foreign Policy & Diaspora Politics IT & Technology more... Society Economy Sport Arts & Showbiz Overview    News    Articles    Interviews  Calendar Invalid query Google asked to take down over a million websites February 15, 2017 - 14:59 AMT PanARMENIAN.Net - It's no secret that online pirates have plenty of websites to choose from. This is also exemplified by a new milestone just reached by Google. As Torrent Freak reports citing the search engine, rightsholders have asked the company to remove content from a million different sites. The targets include some unusual suspects, including The White House, NASA, and the New York Times. Removing search results is nothing new for Google. The company has been cleaning up its search index for years, in response to complaints from copyright holders. Every week the search engine processes millions of requests targeting a wide range of websites that allegedly offer infringing content. The process is fairly transparent as Google publishes all notices in a daily report. This allows us to keep track of the often staggering numbers, and today there’s a new milestone to report. Since Google started counting, the company has now received takedown notices for a staggering one million websites. It’s not the number of URLs that were reported in total, as these run in the billions, but the separate domain names that were called out. Statistics show that a large proportion of the targeted sites have only been flagged a few dozen times or less. Many of these were called out by mistake, including some high profile ones. The White House, for example, is not your typical pirate site and neither is the U.S. Department of Justice. Still, both sites have been repeatedly reported to Google. The same is true for other big names such as NASA, Netflix, the BBC, and the New York Times. Related links: Torrent Freak. Google Has Received Takedown Notices For a Million Websites  Top stories iPhone 8 said to feature "biometric tech" instead of Home Button Size wise, Kuo says the OLED iPhone will have measurements similar to the 4.7-inch iPhone, allowing for one-handed operation. Iconic Nokia 3310 set to be re-launched It's still possible to buy the 3310 on Amazon, though only through its marketplace and not directly from the company itself. NASA close to picking exact drill site for Mars 2020 A group consulted images and data sent by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter before voting for easily accessible locations. Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion over royalties Apple alleges that once it began cooperating with Korea's investigation of Qualcomm, the company withheld $1 billion in retaliation. Partner news Loading...  Articles Clever Armenia Most important IT events of 2016  Most popular in the section SpaceX planning to launch rocket every two weeks LG’s stunningly thin OLED TVs priced between $8,000 and $20,000 Armenian startup to develop project for World Bank Bitcoin trading plummets under Chinese government's scrutiny Home All news Overview: IT & Technology Archive for February 15, 2017 Other news in this section  Latest news Assad: Trump travel ban targets terrorists, not Syrian people "It's against the terrorists that would infiltrate some of the immigrants to the West. It happened in Europe," Assad said. Facebook lets companies post job listings The new jobs feature will pit Facebook against LinkedIn, the social network for professionals, which was recently acquired by Microsoft. NASA crowdsourcing search for exoplanets Today marks the launch of Backyard Worlds: Planet 9, a project that relies on everyday people to help scientists identify objects near our solar system. “Outlander” hit series season 3 premiere date set The third season of "Outlander" is based on "Voyager", the third of eight books in Gabaldon's best-selling "Outlander" series. About us | Stats | Advertise with us | Terms of service | Privacy policy Copyright © 2000—2017. PanARMENIAN Network Content of this site is licensed under a Creative Commons License
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / KidCheck Express Check-In Allows Children’s Check-In on Smartphones KidCheck Express Check-In Allows Children’s Check-In on Smartphones Posted on February 15, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases KidCheck is pleased to announce Express Check-In is now available on both Apple iOS and Google Android mobile devices, which allows families to check children in right from their own phone at organizations using KidCheck. More about KidCheck can be found at http://www.kidcheck.com. Boise, Idaho (PRWEB) February 15, 2017 KidCheck is pleased to announce Express Check-In is now available on both Apple iOS and Google Android mobile devices. Express Check-In allows families to check children in right from their own phone at organizations using KidCheck. Parents start check-in from home, the car, the parking lot, wherever there is an internet or cellular data connection. Then upon arrival at the organization complete check-in on their phone, prompting security labels to print via the KidCheck PrintHub Express. Children’s check-in is no longer tied to a physical location. “KidCheck Express Check-In is cutting edge mobile technology,” said Alex Smith, KidCheck CEO. “It’s the first end-to-end children’s check-in app available on a personal mobile device that enables the check-in process all the way to name label printing.” “It adds convenience and flexibility for organizations and families, reduces check-in lines and wait time, and removes the need for additional check-in equipment,” continued Smith. “Customers currently using Express Check-In are extremely pleased with the feature, and we are thrilled to announce it is now available on both Apple iOS and Google Android devices.” About KidCheck KidCheck, Inc. provides secure children’s check-in software and complete check-in station systems for churches, fitness facilities, and organizations caring for children. KidCheck believes every child deserves a chance to grow in a safe environment, and every parent deserves peace-of-mind about the safety of their children. KidCheck is committed to delivering easy-to-use, innovative, and reliable check-in systems backed by world class support. To learn more or to request a demo visit http://www.kidcheck.com. Apple, the Apple logo, and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android is a trademark of Google Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/02/prweb14066854.htm Latest News Trident University Welcomes New Health Sciences Doctoral Studies Director Westchester’s Leading Hard Surface Restoration Company Sir Grout Receives The 2016 Angie’s List Super Service Award Optronics Launches Bold New Merchandising Program at HDAW Sir Grout’s Franchises are Recognized Once Again by the 2016 Angie’s List Super Service Award for Their Unparalleled Work Sir Grout of Atlanta Celebrates Third Successive Year Winning the Angie’s List Super Service Award Ximen Mining Corp. Plans for 2017 Vendavo Launches Customer Operations Team Colorado Architects Arch11 Design Luxury Sustainable Mountain Getaway that Syncs with Nature Pacifica Paso Robles Commercial Real Estate Releases 2016 Market Report Lamination Depot Triples Warehouse Capacity with Move to New Location © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Sections Sections HR Operations Leadership Compensation & Benefits Learning Resourcing Content Type News Features Insights Videos Magazine Partners & Supplier Directory More from HR Grapevine #HRGV2017 Conference Events Jobs Follow HR Grapevine on... LinkedIn Twitter Facebook YouTube More from EG Recruitment Grapevine Business Grapevine EG Corporate Executive Grapevine Online Services eGOLD Recruitment eGOLD Business Leaders Recruiters Update Entry HR Operations Leadership Compensation & Benefits Learning Resourcing Partners & Supplier Directory #HRGV2017 HR Operations Leadership Compensation & Benefits Learning Resourcing Partners & Supplier Directory News Features Insights Videos Magazine Events Jobs Follow Us Google CEO replies to 7-year-old candidate's CV Wed, 15 Feb 2017 9:58am GMT News Emily Douglas HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd The importance of gender diversity and equality in recruitment is paramount, in order to fully exploit the talent pool at your disposal. Recruiters and hiring managers need to embrace the varied range of candidates that come through your door, without adhering to any preconceived ideas about them. Tech giant Google recently proved that this approach to hiring should begin at the very start of a candidate’s career – even if that means they’re only seven years old. A recent post on LinkedIn, from Sales Manager Andy Bridgewater, detailed how determined his own young daughter was to secure a role at Google. He wrote: “After seeing images of Google offices with their bean bags, go karts and slides, my seven-year-old daughter decided to write to Google to see if they would give her a job. “She lost a great deal of confidence after being knocked down by a car a couple of years ago. However, to say she is delighted after receiving this letter signed by Sundar Pichai himself is an understatement. “She is now even more eager to do well at school and work for Google. Can't thank such a busy person enough to take time out to make a little girl's dream become one step closer, although not sure she's fully aware that it'll take more than riding go karts and sleeping in pods to make it with Google.” After the child wrote to Google asking to be considered by their recruiters, Google wrote back. The letter she received read: “Thank you so much for your letter. I’m glad that you like computers and robots and hope that you will continue to learn about technology. “I think if you keep working hard and following your dreams you can accomplish everything you put your mind to…I look forward to receiving your job application when you are finished with school.” And whilst this is a great lesson in recruitment values, it’s also a wave of marketing genius from Google. Developing a company brand through interactions with employees and potential candidates showcases company culture and ethics.  Add Comments Read More Elon Musk's favourite interview tactic revealed Most recruiters could learn a thing or two from tech-industry... 15/02/2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd ALL candidates rejected from job then asked to 'find the application' Forget names, CV's and cover letters... 13/02/2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Smartphone app that smells you, so colleagues don't have to Office hygiene is crucial. Especially as long working... 10/02/2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Candidate rejected via mocking text containing emoji Turning someone down for a role via text is bad enough... 09/02/2017 3 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Facebook bosses share favourite job interview question Although Facebook may have a gruelling recruitment... 06/02/2017 211 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists appoints new Head of HR Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists |... 03/02/2017 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Guide to HR Technology From chaos came calm How to unite staff using technology HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Rallying the troops How Technology can help HR put the right people in the right places HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How can technology support equality and diversity within recruitment? Emerging advancements in HR technologies have revolutionised many practices beyond... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Should we be tracking applicants, or creating better talent relationships? Chances are you have an Applicant Tracking System (ATS). You post jobs, you get applicants,... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 5 Common Misconceptions About Recruitment Software If you have an involvement in HR, it's likely that you'll be no stranger to the... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Missing Business Opportunity Through Poor Document Management Last year, Real Madrid failed to purchase a key target player, Manchester United's... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Delivering business transformation and cost savings through HR Swinton Group is a UK insurance broker with over 4,000 employees based in 350 UK... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd People - the heart of every organisation People aren't important to an organisation. They are the organisation. Not only... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd The Wrong Hire! Many firms have experienced making the wrong hiring decision, which often has carried... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Technology and Analytics - an HR Outlook HR technology continues to be on top of the list of forces changing the profession.... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 14 Ways to Take Your Employees Further in 2016 Launching a host of great HR or training and development programmes doesn't necessarily... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Leveraging an Interactive Intranet to Win at Collaboration Today's multigenerational workforce is more educated, more diverse and has higher... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Related Insights The Apprenticeship Levy - an opportunity to revisit talent strategies November 2016 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 3 Ways to Recruit Smarter in 2017 December 2016 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 4 Ways to Attract Talent With a Limited Recruitment Budget December 2016 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 4 Ways to Plan For Your 2017 Recruitment November 2016 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 3 steps to a bulletproof recruitment strategy December 2016 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Follow us on Twitter Follow @HRGrapevine Register for FREE access. SubmitRemind me later * By registering you agree that you have read and agree to our Terms and Conditions and that Executive Grapevine International Ltd and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content and products. Follow us on LinkedIn Magazine Features The weirdest things candidates have done in interviews January 2017 Screaming, séances, singing and more... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd The pros & cons of hiring employee's spouses January 2017 February, the month of romance, is upon ... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Like us on Facebook © 1979-2017 Executive Grapevine International Ltd Contact Us Our Team Terms & Conditions Data Licensing Cookie Policy Privacy Legal Advertise
Sections Sections HR Operations Leadership Compensation & Benefits Learning Resourcing Content Type News Features Insights Videos Magazine Partners & Supplier Directory More from HR Grapevine #HRGV2017 Conference Events Jobs Follow HR Grapevine on... LinkedIn Twitter Facebook YouTube More from EG Recruitment Grapevine Business Grapevine EG Corporate Executive Grapevine Online Services eGOLD Recruitment eGOLD Business Leaders Recruiters Update Entry HR Operations Leadership Compensation & Benefits Learning Resourcing Partners & Supplier Directory #HRGV2017 HR Operations Leadership Compensation & Benefits Learning Resourcing Partners & Supplier Directory News Features Insights Videos Magazine Events Jobs Follow Us Google allegedly lose staff because they 'paid them too much' Wed, 15 Feb 2017 11:40am GMT News Rianna Fulham HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Employees at Google’s self-driving car unit are leaving – not because they feel undervalued, were treated badly, or their bonus packages weren’t reflective of their work – it’s because they were being paid too much. As reported in Bloomberg, early employees of Google’s car subsidiary, which officially became a standalone business called Waymo in December, received “supersized pay-outs based on the project's value.” “By late 2015, the numbers were so big that several veteran members didn't need the job security anymore, making them more open to other opportunities.” According to insiders, two people called it ‘f*** you money.’ The unusual pay system began soon after Google revealed its first self-driving vehicle in 2010. The system tied employee pay to performance of the project, and some were given bonuses and equity in the business. A multiplier was then applied to the current awards based on periodic valuations of the division – causing bonuses to balloon. The precise metrics are not known. In December, the original remuneration system was replaced with a more equal structure, which paid all employees the same. However, the pay-outs still remained high, to prevent a talent exodus to innovative rivals. In late 2015, a large multiplier was applied to salaries, which saw some staff members receive multi-million dollar payments. The problem lay in the fact that the goals of the project were still far from reality, although staff were still awarded for reaching key milestones, subsequently devaluing the bonuses. Read more Going beyond engagement - understanding your culture Departures from Waymo increased in 2016, with some employees able to start their own autonomous vehicle businesses from the equity gained during their tenure with Google – people familiar with the situation said. Chris Urmson, previous Leader of the project, left in August and is working on a start-up. Bryan Salesky, a former Google Car Executive, started Argo AI.  Other early project members left to form Otto, a self-driving trucking company, now owned by Uber – Bloomberg reports. Ruth Porat, Chief Financial Officer of Google’s parent company, Alphabet, spoke about Google’s operating expenses during an earnings conference call with analysts in early 2016. She suggested a different approach to incentives at Other Bets (several units held by Alphabet) in the future: "It is about getting more ambitious things done. We’re doing that in a framework to ensure we are disciplined with our resources, and this was just calling out a milestone established some time ago."  Add Comments Read More Third of mums would have to quit work without school Breakfast Clubs A third of working British mums (33%) would have to... 15/02/2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 0:57 BrewDog gives staff time off to welcome new pups And they called it, puppy love... 14/02/2017 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd HR Dilemma: Would a 'sin bin' solution to excessive executive pay work? City investors are proposing the idea of a ‘sin... 13/02/2017 2 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Boss 'makes it rain' by dropping staff bonuses from balcony Most employees would love to feel greater appreciation... 10/02/2017 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Facebook extends leave for grieving employees Facebook has announced, effective immediately, that... 09/02/2017 10 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd CEO sets £40k minimum wage for all staff And sees some rather surprising results... 07/02/2017 147 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Guide to Fleet Management The rise of the environmentally friendly fleet HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Driving to Succeed HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How to run a greener fleet HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Are fleets becoming increasingly varied? HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Helping HR navigate vehicle rental HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Hybrid fleets raising smiles beyond the Boardroom HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd HR's role within a driving for work programme HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Related Insights Workplace stress - what you can do about it today November 2016 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How health cash plans can help employees tackle the winter blues November 2016 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd So what would HR like for Christmas? December 2016 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Six steps to successful benefits transformation December 2016 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How do you really know if you have a workplace stress problem? January 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Follow us on Twitter Follow @HRGrapevine Register for FREE access. SubmitRemind me later * By registering you agree that you have read and agree to our Terms and Conditions and that Executive Grapevine International Ltd and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content and products. Follow us on LinkedIn Magazine Features Engagement: What you're getting wrong January 2017 And how to rectify it... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Staff given time off for period pain sparks productivity debate January 2017 Female employees are entitled to take one... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Like us on Facebook © 1979-2017 Executive Grapevine International Ltd Contact Us Our Team Terms & Conditions Data Licensing Cookie Policy Privacy Legal Advertise
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India Elections World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Budget 2017 Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Update Xiaomi Mi 4, 3w with Android Nougat via LineageOS custom ROM [How to install] Here's a tutorial on how to install Android Nougat-based LineageOS custom ROM on Xiaomi Mi 4 and Mi 3w. Rohit KVN   February 15, 2017 17:30 IST [Representational Image] Update Xiaomi Mi 4, 3w with Android Nougat via LineageOS custom ROM [How to install] In Picture: Xiaomi Mi 4Anirban Roy/ IBTimes India Xiaomi, has got a really good reputation among fans, primary reason being is that it offers latest Android software to its ageing phones. Only qualm is that Xiaomi takes its own sweet time to optimize the source code received from Google, before releasing to its devices. So far, Xiaomi has only released Android Nougat beta version to the Redmi Note 4 (in India) and commenced soak testing on flagship Mi 5 and is expected to extend it to Mi Mix. Going by the release pattern, Mi 4 and Mi3w series phone owners will have to wait really long, at least two if not three months to get the OS update. Also read: Android 7.0 Nougat released: 16 key upgrades of Google's new mobile OS update over Marshmallow If patience is not your strongest suit, you can try installing LineageOS custom ROM, built by the former members of CyanogenMod community. Besides offering Nougat goodies, LineageOS offers exclusive wallpapers, new touchscreen gestures interface for devices that support it with customisable actions, and several other value-added features to enhance user experience. Prerequisites (things to remember before installing Custom ROM): This new LineageOS [official] CM 14.1 Android 7.1 Nougat firmware has to be installed on the Xiaomi Mi 4, Mi 3w aka cancro model only; if tried on other devices, it might get bricked [To check your device model: Go to Settings >> About phone >> model number] In LineageOS, Root file will not be integrated like CyanogenMod, instead it will made as separate file as Google Apps. This means users have to download and install Root firmware similar to Google Apps (GApps). LineageOS users are advised wipe the current ROM in the device when switching to LineageOS, and reinstall their GApps. Make sure the device is rooted before going forward for custom ROM installation Installation of custom ROM requires clearing of memory in the smartphone, so make sure to back all the data by installing TWRP in the smartphone. Make sure to install USB drivers on the PC, or else your smartphone (Xiaomi Mi 4, Mi 3w) will not be recognized by the computer. Make sure the device has more than 80 percent battery, or else there is a chance for smartphone getting temporarily bricked if the installation process is interrupted mid-way. If you face force close, go to Settings >> Setupwizard >> Give permission Though installing custom ROM improve the device's performance and UI experiences, it makes the company warranty void and they will no longer be liable to provide updates in future [users can restore warranty by flashing the device with stock-ROM]. [Disclaimer: This procedure is very technical and should be performed by a person with sound knowledge of rooting (or manual software installation) Android devices. If the step-by-step installation process is not followed properly, there are chances of the smartphone getting bricked or being permanently irreparable. IBTimes India cannot be held responsible for any damage or claims from readers if the procedure does not yield the required results or if the smartphone is bricked. Hence, users are advised to proceed with caution.] Tutorial: Step-by-step installation guide of LineageOS [official] 14.1 Android Nougat custom ROM for Xiaomi Mi4, Mi 3w via TWRP (Team Win Recovery Project)- Step 1: Download LineageOS [official] 14.1 Android Nougat custom ROM and Google Apps in to your PC. [Scroll to find the downloadable files] Step 2: Connect Xiaomi Mi 4, Mi 3w to the computer Step 3: Place the Android Nougat ROM into the phone's storage memory. [Note: Users are advised to paste the .zip file in the storage root folder, not in any other folder.] Step 4: Turn off device and disconnect it from PC Step 5: Perform Recovery mode sorties by long pressing Volume (Down) + Power buttons Step 6: Once entering the TWRP settings menu, clear phone's memory (full) by selecting 'Wipe' option. Once done, select – 'Swipe to Factory Reset' perform factory reset Step 7: Return to TWRP settings and tap 'Install' by the selecting .Zip file in the phone's memory downloaded from PC Step 8: Come back to TWRP menu setting to approve the installation by tapping 'Swipe to Confirm Flash' Step 9: Flashing of the custom ROM begins and after few minutes, a message 'Successful' appears on the screen, thus completing installation. Step 10: If faced with boot loop problem, navigate back to TWRP settings, and select 'Wipe cache/dalvik'. This procedure will help resolve any issue with regard to custom ROM installation Downloadable files: LineageOS [official] 14.1 Android Nougat custom ROM for Xiaomi Mi4, Mi 3w: HERE Google Apps: HERE USB Driver: HERE [Credits: LineageOS.org]   Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Editor's Pick NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope: A giant exoplanet and star spotted romancing for first time! Violent beginnings of a supernova spotted by researchers for the first time! Why advertise with us? most popular Is Reliance Jio 4G data offer extended to December 31 2017? A message asking Reliance Jio users to upgrade 4G data and call services to continue the offer till 2017 end is doing the rounds. Android 6.0 Nougat update: Schedule for Samsung Galaxy S6, Note 5, Galaxy J and A series Android 7.0 Nougat update will come to Galaxy S7, S7 edge, S6 edge Plus and Galaxy Note 5 before February end. The Xiaomi Mi 6 flagship phone will disappoint fans in a big way...here's why Xiaomi is taking a sensible approach in 2017, but bigger plans are still underway. Nokia 6 release date in India: Here's how much it will cost you if you choose to buy before official launch The delivery of Nokia 6 will take almost a month in India. Moto G5, G5 Plus key features, design language details revealed Though there are no similarities between Moto G5 and Moto G4 series, the circular camera module on the former looks identical to flagship Moto Z (2016) series. Nokia 3 is tipped to come with Snapdragon 425 CPU Nokia 3, internally known as Nokia E1, is the low-end phone among the Nokia 5 and Nokia 6 series phones, which are slated to be launched at MWC 2017 in Barcelona. Aero India 2017: F-16 Block 70 will strengthen India-US military-strategic alliance, says Lockheed Martin Lockheed Martin says the F-16 is ready for any challenge, combining innovative structural and capability upgrades. These Intex feature phones have impressive battery life and camera starting at $22 Intex Turbo Selfie+ and Ultra 4000i are designed for people with demands for a great camera and a longer lasting battery life in feature phones. Photo Gallery Aero India Day 3: Highlights from the air show at Bengaluru's Yelahanka Air Force Station Aero India Day 3: Highlights from the air show at Bengaluru's Yelahanka Air Force Station Aditya Roy Kapur spotted at Mohit Suri's office Bollywood actor Aditya Roy Kapur spotted at Mohit Suri's office. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Home FEATURED Cellphones Notebooks Gaming Tablets Software Google Assistant Close to Non-Pixel Smartphones Foray February 15, 2017, By Sanjeev Ramachandran Share This Related Posts Xiaomi Eyeing Top Tier Spot with In-House Processors Google Powers Personal AI on Pixel Devices with Home Control Support Planning to grab a Pixel smartphone to enjoy the AI features of Google? Hopefully, you may not have to. Google Assistant, the personal AI assistant that is available in Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones, will soon step down to other devices. It was understood that Google Assistant would one day make its way onto non-Pixel smartphones. But it’s just that the entry appears to be taking place sooner than we thought. The hints of the arrival of Google Assistant were found with the apk of Google app, alpha build of which was available for many. Surprisingly, Google has bundled the Google Assistant feature in the alpha build of Google App, probably for testing purposes before it gets official or appears even in the beta version. According to report, some users who have installed the alpha build of Google app has started enjoying the Google Assistant experience on their devices. The personal assistant was able to be brought to life by holding the home button on the Android smartphones, and that should probably be carried through when it becomes official through the stable version of the app. One user had reported the working of Assistant on the Nexus-P smartphone which ran the Android 7.0 Nougat OS. But more interestingly, Google Assistant was also reported to be working comfortably on Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS, and that too, on a Samsung Galaxy S5 device. This means that Google Assistant will not just work with the older version of Android, but also on Non-Nexus devices. Versions below the Marshmallow won’t be getting the Google Assistant however. The Assistant features are showing up only on few devices as it’s only Alpha version yet. Getting the Assistant on your device is not a sure shot therefore even if the requisites are met. But that should seldom matter, as at least we now know that the Assistant is making its non-Pixel debut sooner than we expected. Posted in: Featured, Software Related Articles Xiaomi Eyeing Top Tier Spot with In-House Processors Google Powers Personal AI on Pixel Devices with Home Control Support Samsung Galaxy S8 May Feature New AI Assistant Along with Bixbie Microsoft Ushers In New Picture-in-Picture Mode in Windows 10 Google Now is Going Down; Top Five Alternates to Pick From « Previous Post « G6 Won’t Feature the Latest Qualcomm Chipset, and It Should Prove Good for LG Next Post » Magic LeaP Prototype Leaked; CEO Rules Out Lack of Progression » Follow this blog Twitter Facebook RSS Tech Gaming Software Magic LeaP Prototype Leaked; CEO Rules Out Lack of Progression G6 Won’t Feature the Latest Qualcomm Chipset, and It Should Prove Good for LG Google Powers Personal AI on Pixel Devices with Home Control Support Microsoft Ushers In New Picture-in-Picture Mode in Windows 10 WhatsApp’s Snapchat-Like Status will Let Users Mute Update Nintendo Wii U Wound Up, Switch is Here PlayStation VR Arrives this October as the Cheapest Console VR Sony’s PlayStation Now Services to Hop on to PS3 Consoles Next Week Xbox One April Update to Usher in Voice Message Feature Sony Rolls Out Web-based PlayStation Vue TV Services for PS Devices Google Assistant Close to Non-Pixel Smartphones Foray Google Powers Personal AI on Pixel Devices with Home Control Support Samsung Galaxy S8 May Feature New AI Assistant Along with Bixbie Microsoft Ushers In New Picture-in-Picture Mode in Windows 10 Google Now is Going Down; Top Five Alternates to Pick From DM on Facebook DM on Twitter Latest Tutorials Here’s How to Add Self-Made Stickers in iMessage How to Enable Night Mode and Freeform Apps in Android N Create Personalized Emojis in Snapchat; Here’s How Here’s How to Get Material Design on YouTube Web News Tips // Getting in Touch Have anything worth reading and writing about it, then why not send us an email to give us more details. We can't promise that everything we get will be on the top page of DeviceMAG, but we can assure you that we'll read all emails. If you want to get in touch here's where to do it: Contact us. The Team What drives us into doing what we do? It’s either passion or need. Here at DeviceMAG we take technology very serious, no matter if it’s a small gadget or a new device on the market. With a passion for everything that gets geeks high we’re here to feed you with the latest news. Read more about us. © 2008-2012 DeviceMag.com - All rights reserved | Privacy Policy
About Contact Archives Tip Us Off Subscribe Tip Us Off Subscribe f t g About Contact Archives 9632 Breaking News Stories 179k+ Social Media Followers 19.9k+ RSS Subscribers Breaking CloudFlare Puts Pirate Sites on New IP Addresses, Avoids Cogent Blockade On: 16/02/2017 Comments: 0 UK Could Force Google to Tackle Piracy, By Law if Necessary By Andy on February 15, 2017 C: 0 Breaking Copyright holders and Google are reportedly close to a deal to limit the appearance of infringing content in search results. However, in case that doesn't happen, an amendment to the Digital Economy Bill, should it be approved, will see the government impose an anti-piracy code on search engines. Copyright holders and search engines such as Google are not on the best of terms when it comes to links to infringing content appearing in search results. The former wants the latter to do more, despite the considerable measures already in place. Google, until now at least, has insisted it’s doing enough. In the UK, there have been on/off murmurings of the government stepping in to intervene, but to date, it’s been hoped that the parties will sit down and reach a voluntary agreement. Some meetings have taken place, with the government reportedly playing a role in bringing the groups together. Then, last week, to not inconsiderable surprise, a breakthrough was reported. During a Digital Economy Bill committee, Baroness Buscombe revealed some interesting news. Rightsholders and search engines are nearing a deal. “Since the idea was last discussed in [parliament], Intellectual Property Office officials have chaired a further round-table meeting between search engines and representatives of the creative industries,” Buscombe said. “While there are still elements of detail to be settled, the group is now agreed on the key content of the code and I expect an agreement to be reached very soon.” The Baroness even gave a date – June 1, 2017 – by which the code would be in effect. However, it appears that the government is still preparing for a scenario in which the parties don’t reach a voluntary agreement. Titled “Code of practice on search engines and copyright infringement”, a Digital Economy Bill amendment to be moved on report foresees the Secretary of State stepping in to force companies like Google into compliance. “The Secretary of State may impose by order a code of practice (‘the code’) for search engine providers with the purpose of minimizing the availability and promotion of copyright infringing services, including those which facilitate copyright infringement by their users,” the amendment reads. The amendment indicates that any order made in respect of the above “must include appropriate provisions to ensure compliance with the code by the providers.” That sounds a lot like a stick being raised in the event the carrots at the negotiating table aren’t proving tasty enough. However, there appears to be some room for maneuver, even if voluntary discussions break down. Before imposing any anti-piracy code, the Secretary of State will publish a draft code and consider submissions made by search engine providers, rightsholders and their representatives, plus any other interested parties. At this point, however, some level of control will have already slipped away from the search engines, so it seems likely that reaching a voluntary arrangement would be preferable to all, if things are to avoid becoming messy. Currently, there is no public record of what Google and its counterparts have agreed with the copyright holders, and the search engine is ignoring requests for comment on the topic. Furthermore, there is no clear idea of what the government might seek to impose, should negotiations fail. In any event, legislation to force search engines to take broad action against allegedly infringing content would be unprecedented, especially when it includes the rather vague notion of taking action against “[sites that] facilitate copyright infringement by their users.” That could include YouTube for instance, or even Google itself. Tagged in: Digital Economy Bill, google Newer Post Older Post Share this post: You may also like: Google Has Received Takedown Notices For a Million Websites Google Drive Uses Hash Matching to Detect Pirated Content Search Engines & Copyright Holders Ready Voluntary Anti-Piracy Code c There are 0 comments. Add yours? comment policy Sponsors Popular Posts Top 10 Most Popular Torrent Sites of 2017 Which VPN Services Take Your Anonymity Seriously? 2016 Edition What Are The Best Anonymous VPN Services? 5 Ways To Download Torrents Anonymously Most Commented Posts Denuvo Piracy Crisis as Resident Evil 7 Gets Cracked in Record Time 0 Denuvo Website Leaks Secret Information, Crackers Swarm 0 BitChute is a BitTorrent-Powered YouTube Alternative 0 Top 10 Most Pirated Movies of The Week – 01/30/17 0 ‘Nerd Judge’ Questions Evidence in KickassTorrents Case 0 VPN Reviews Copyright CC and Privacy Designed by RyanDownie Built by Van Patten Media
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com News Canada Google, Facebook tell government they take ‘fake news’ seriously Internet executives testified about fake news and ad dollars in front of a parliamentary committee. Executives have told a parliamentary committee that they are committed to ensuring freedom of expression online. They want to avoid becoming the Internet "arbiters of truth."  (Dreamstime)   By Alex BallingallOttawa Bureau Wed., Feb. 15, 2017 OTTAWA—Executives from Google and Facebook told a parliamentary committee Tuesday they’re concerned about “fake news” online, but pushed back at the suggestion their companies should be liable for the information that flows through their websites. The Internet executives were testifying at the Standing Committee on Canadian Heritage for the second time after parliamentarians asked them to return to field questions on misrepresentative or demonstrably false “news” that has fuelled concern in recent months. They were also asked about a report, published last month by the Public Policy Forum in Ottawa, that outlined how the Internet behemoths are gobbling digital ad dollars while many traditional Canadian media organizations, especially in smaller markets, struggle to stay afloat. “We take our responsibility very seriously. That’s precisely why we’ve spent so much energy in the past three months to build out efforts to address fake news,” said Kevin Chan, head of public policy for Facebook Canada. Jason Kee, Google Canada’s counsel for public policy and government relations, echoed Chan and outlined measures his company takes to weed out what he called “misrepresentative content.” Asked whether online news aggregators and publishers should be liable for slanderous or misleading content, Kee added: “If online platforms are liable for the content of their users, they will actually not be able to function. … If we have to pre-approve content online that means the Internet comes to a screeching halt.” Article Continued Below For several months, the committee has been studying the changing media landscape. Tuesday’s discussion highlighted the novel and seemingly paradoxical position of companies like Google and Facebook. On one hand, the executives said they are committed to ensuring freedom of expression online; they want to avoid becoming the Internet’s “arbiters of truth,” as Kee put it. But they also acknowledged the responsibility to ensure their platforms don’t facilitate flagrantly erroneous information and websites posing as legitimate news outlets. “This is a challenging issue,” Kee said. “We don’t have all the answers.” “We take our responsibility very seriously. That’s precisely why we’ve spent so much energy in the past three months to build out efforts to address fake news,” said Kevin Chan, head of public policy for Facebook Canada.  (Facebook)   Last month’s report from the Public Policy Forum sounded the alarm on the decaying Canadian media industry and also singled out Facebook and Google. The report noted that the giant U.S. companies now dominate much of the flow of information online, while accusing them of avoiding the responsibilities of a traditional publisher. The report also outlined how the Internet goliaths rake in two out of every three dollars spent on digital ads in this country, while just 11.5 per cent goes to Canadian-based publishers. When digital ad revenues in the U.S. jumped $2.7 billion in the first quarter of 2016, all but $300 million of that new money went to Google and Facebook, the report said. Asked about profits from Canadian advertising, Chan and Kee defended their companies by saying Canadian businesses benefit from their services. Kee added that Google actually directs millions of people to other websites via its search engine, and said such services might not be available from another company in Canada. Both Facebook and Google are also developing ways to address fake news. Chan, for instance, said Facebook is improving how users can report posts that are obvious hoaxes. The company is also introducing ways to label news items as “disputed” and make such posts appear less prominently in people’s feeds. Google’s Kee said his company is also working on better labelling. Both companies are also aiming to find ways to improve the public’s media literacy so that people can more ably discern for themselves what is reliable and what is fake. “Our purpose is to actually try to help our users find the most relevant information that’s available,” Kee said. Read more about: Facebook, Google Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com -7°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Ivanka posts photo of herself behind Oval Office desk with Trump, Trudeau While the picture earned Trump plenty of kudos from supporters of her father on social media, others said she hadn’t earned the right to sit behind the desk. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Mosque Attack Canada 150 Panama Papers Peacekeeping Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Thursday 16 February 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Education, HR & Training   » Story MiSK, Google launch digital awareness drive RIYADH, 23 hours, 41 minutes ago The Prince Mohamed bin Salman Foundation (MiSK) and Google launched Tuesday an initiative to promote the best practices and knowledge to Saudi youth on how to act smartly and safely online. With the Saudi Ministry of Education’s support, We Are All Online will see Google-trained staff from MiSK lead student assemblies in 50 public and private middle schools in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia during the second academic semester. The programme leaders will teach students how to act responsibly and safely online using content developed and localized by Google for Saudi schools. We Are All Online will then expand to five other provinces by the beginning of the next academic year. Speaking at the programme’s launch in Riyadh, Minister of Education Ahmed Al Eissa reiterated the importance of information security especially among today’s youth and the education system’s role in spreading digital awareness. The Minister also called upon the students who attended the launch to engage with the programme’s trainers and content to make sure they get the best of the initiative. He also expressed his optimism for Kulluna Online. MiSk secretary general Badr bin Mohamed Al Asaker said: “Given the notable growth of usage of the digital world whether through regular browsing or instant messaging applications, it was necessary that we find a creative initiative to spread awareness on digital safety. Kulluna Online was the product of MiSK’s belief that the Internet has become one of the most important languages of our time and a necessary tool for development. The programme aims to spread digital awareness and to keep up with the latest global practices which ensure safe Internet browsing.” “We are excited to launch the We Are All Online National Digital Awareness Program here in Saudi Arabia. With our partners at MiSK and the Ministry of Education, we want to equip young Saudis with the best practices and knowledge on how to get the best of the web while acting responsibly and safely online. These assemblies will leave a lasting impact on students and will lead to an even better and safer online community in Saudi Arabia,” said Sam Blatteis, Google head of Government Relations and Public Policy for the Gulf. Deputy Minister of Education Dr Mohamed Attia Alharthi said: “This programme targets students in both primary and secondary schools and will include hour-long assemblies in each school. It will be executed over four academic semester and we expect that 10,000 students across 50 schools will benefit from the first phase of Kulluna Online,” he added. Drawing from everyday-situations and questions young children face online, the content of the assemblies is based on a gamified experience that would help popularize the memorable key insights from the programme. The key pillars of We Are All Online include the following: -    Post wisely: The assembly will encourage students to think thoroughly before sharing something online. -    Stay secure: Students will learn how to keep their belongings online (pictures, passwords, documents, etc.) secure. -    Know your settings: Teachers will walk students through how to navigate and adjust their settings to keep their devices and accounts secure. -    How to avoid fraud and identity theft: The programme will help students become more critical of what they see on the web and to seek advice from parents and students. -    Importance of being positive online: The programme aims to promote a positive online community where students can feel safe.   In addition to the school assemblies, the programme will have its own website where all the material will be available online for anyone to view in Saudi Arabia and beyond. – TradeArabia News Service Tags: Google | More Education, HR & Training Stories AkzoNobel calls bright minds to join chemistry challenge EY most attractive employer in ME among Big 4 GEMS Education, iD Tech to bring summer camp to Dubai London School of Marketing opens sales office in Dubai Bahrain to launch flexible work visas from April 79 teams for MIT Forum Arab Startup finals Dubai solar park to host decathlon UAE launches Gender Balance Guide Bayt.com lists over 124,000 Mideast jobs in 2016 Aurak partners with Education For Employment Bloom names new headmaster for Abu Dhabi school MBRF launches training programmes for firms Servcorp pioneers 'virtual office space' GAJ wins Dubai College building contract Ibdar Bank appoints BIBF for board training Swiss school in Dubai opens boarding registrations Emaar backs 'world’s largest student competition' AlWaleed Real Estate endows scholarship at MBRU Top inspiration leaders to join education forum Colliers partners with Emirates Hospitality Academy Bayt.com upgrades CV search feature Acer launches CloudProfessor IoT starter kit Dubai issues new rules for private schools GCC ‘to need 7,000 new schools in 5 years’ Women in senior roles priority for many GCC firms GCC jobs ‘set to recover in 2017’ Getex to highlight options in higher education Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Gadgets Mobiles Apps Gaming Internet Social Media More OS Companies Connect with us HiTechGazette Gadgets Mobiles Apps Gaming Internet Social Media More OS Companies In Allo Messenger the Google Assistant can now share personal information Share Tweet Apps In Allo Messenger the Google Assistant can now share personal information By Liam Davis Published on February 15, 2017 Share Tweet Comment Even if the Allo Messenger is not very popular, it is still the only official way to use the Google Assistant outside of a pixel smartphone. In its messenger world, the Assistant now gets a new feature which makes it possible to retrieve personal data and share it directly with all contacts in the active chat window. Through the connection to the Google Account, the Assistant has access to many personal data of the user and can retrieve e-mails, list calendar entries or even search their own contacts. Of course, this information is only accessible to the owner of this data and cannot be seen by other users. Now the Assistant gets a way to share this data quickly and easily. If you ask the assistant for personal data, for the next upcoming appointment, it searches the calendar and responds with the next entry. Over this answer, the question now exists if you want to share this information. If you want then directly under its answer are two buttons to agree or reject sharing. If you allow the Assistant to share this information, it is sent as a message directly into the active group chat. This allows all other users in the same chat to see the upcoming appointment. So far, you had to create it yourself and copy the answer of the Assistant. There is, of course, no automatic sharing or constant access. The sharing is allowed only once for this explicit answer. This is really a very practical new function of the assistant, which actually makes sense in the environment of the messenger. It would also be interesting if you could only share this information with selected users or give them permanent access. Currently, the Assistant can only access the information in their own Google account, but one way to share the calendar for other contacts would be very interesting. The update for the Assistant is rolled out on the server side and should already be available to all users or at least activated in the next few hours. It is assumed (presumably) the new version 6.0 of Allo, which must also support this function. The new messenger could also soon bring a new chatbot, animated emojis and some other things, all waiting for a server-side release. Continue Reading Stay Connected With Us : Click to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website More in Apps Apps Finally! The Google Clock Allows you to put any Audio as Alarm Tone By Ethan PerezFebruary 16, 2017 The clock application, although it may seem not, is a very important part of your terminal,... Apps FaceApp, one of the best iOS apps, now available on Android By Emily CarterFebruary 16, 2017 Android users can now download one of the best iOS apps. The app is termed as... Apps Chrome Beta 57 adds Custom Tabs and Finally Get More Options By Laura ReidFebruary 16, 2017 Since August 2015, there are the Chrome Custom Tabs, which allow links to be opened faster... Apps Facebook app is updated with a feature similar to Instagram Stories By Steven SmithFebruary 16, 2017 Facebook absorbs everything and the company recently acquired the most famous social photography network of the... Apps YouTube for Android begins to show Content Suggestion thumbnails By Liam DavisFebruary 15, 2017 Content suggestion thumbnails can now been seen on Youtube for Android while playing videos in full... Apps Email Insights is the new Microsoft Garage project By Emily CarterFebruary 15, 2017 Microsoft Garage members have developed an experimental project called email insights for accessing email quickly and... Apps WhatsApp aims to incorporate videos to add in our profile By Laura ReidFebruary 15, 2017 Whatsapp is considering incorporating videos in our profile. We all have a nasty side that leads... Apps Premium variant of the Webmail service Outlook.com leaves Beta phase By Ethan PerezFebruary 15, 2017 The Premium variant of the webmail service Outlook.com has been out of its Beta phase. Last... Apps Yelp launches new Q & A portal about any service By Ethan PerezFebruary 15, 2017 To enhance the platform’s dynamics, Yelp has added a simple yet engaging function that fosters interaction... Apps Facebook will launch a YouTube like app on Apple TV By Steven SmithFebruary 15, 2017 In a blog entry, Facebook today confirmed the development of the video app for Apple TV,... Popular Posts Gadgets This Chip Costs only a Penny, and can Detect Diseases like Cancer and Tuberculosis Gadgets Thanks to This Filtration We Now Know All the Details Of Lenovo Yoga 720 Gadgets MacOS Beta 10.12.4 Contains References to New MacBook Pro Models Mobiles Android 7.0 for Sony Xperia Z5 and Z3 Plus Available Again Gadgets Complete Specifications and Price List of Samsung QLED TV Mobiles The Huawei Honor 6X Will Not Receive Android 7.0 Nougat in March OS Android Security Patch: Update Fixes Annoying Audio Problem with the Pixel Smartphones Mobiles Moto G5 Plus Specifications Filtered Through an Image Gaming The Backward Compatibility of Xbox 360 on PC is Unlikely, but not Impossible Gaming ‘GTA IV’ is Now Backward Compatible on Xbox One Mobiles New Render Images Details the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus in Black Version Mobiles Huawei Honor V9, a New Huawei Terminal with Great Specifications is seen in TENAA Internet Google Starts Global Cloud Search Deployment in G Suite Gadgets Image Leak Details the ZTE Quartz Android Wear Smartwatch Gadgets Google is Not Planning to Launch its Own Pixel Watch About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright © 2017 HiTechGazette. To Top
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Isro PSLV-C37 mission: The US private sector is threatened by cheap Indian spaceflight By Aditya Madanapalle 10   Comments Isro PSLV-C37 launch: How Antrix compares to other satellite launch services By tech2 News Staff 4   Comments Isro’s launch of the PSLV-C37 mission with 104 satellites is subsidised by the Government By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments KickassTorrents is back and we have its community to thank for the rebirth By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments ISRO PSLV-C37 mission LIVE: All 104 satellites successfully deployed in world record launch By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments more from #HTTPS HTTPS is a safer way to surf the web says Google Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox will now mark unencrypted connections as 'not secure' 31 percent of US Federal agency web sites fail to transition to the more secure HTTPS protocol Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> HTTPS is a safer way to surf the web says Google #HTTPS 1   15 Feb 2017 , 15:50 A HTTPS-based website is a safer way to protect users from possible security attacks, the security director at Google has said, emphasising that major South Korean search engines do not support this system. “Top websites in (South) Korea that don’t support HTTPS are Naver and Daum. It’s not just a problem for (South) Korea but a challenge for the world and the developers,” said Parisa Tabriz. Tabriz heads the team who protects Google Chrome and its billions of users from criminal hackers, Yonhap news agency reported. Google began adding security warnings for websites that do not use strong encryptions beginning in 2017, putting a clear “Not secure” warning next to online websites that use unencrypted HTTP connections rather than encrypted HTTPS connections. Tabriz said HTTP websites, which account for nearly half of the world’s websites, are vulnerable to attacks that Google calls in security terms, “man in the middle.” “Encryption will give the security we need. HTTPS does not solve all security problems, but it provides a foundation for this,” she said. As to some complaints that Google’s HTTPS policy may be expensive and time-consuming, the security expert said switching to HTTPS is not easy but necessary. “It is just a misconception that there is cost. It was true 10 years ago, but cost is no longer true for today,” the Iranian-American hacker who protects Google said. “Without the HTTPS, there is no privacy. We also published a transparency report,” she said, adding that HTTPS websites have steadily increased during the past one year with Google’s effort. As for general security, she advised Internet uses not to reuse or use the same password for different websites since hackers know this, and they will attack the weakest website to obtain personal data. “Don’t login on shared computers and verify your account security setting,” she added. IANS Tags: cyber attack, Google, HTTP, HTTPS, Security, South Korea Also read The case for https: Wikipedia moves towards the ‘secure’ web 31 percent of US Federal agency web sites fail to transition to the more secure HTTPS protocol X Recommended For You Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox will now mark unencrypted connections as ‘not secure’ 31 percent of US Federal agency web sites fail to transition to the more secure HTTPS protocol Former Mozilla CEO launches Brave, a web browser that blocks all ads Wikipedia: A quick chat on the move to https Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Mars Feb 16, 2017 Stady says Mars might have been flooded with water #Yahoo Feb 16, 2017 Verizon to close Yahoo deal $250-$350 million less than original deal #ZUK Feb 16, 2017 ZUK Edge II could be announced with a curved display and dual-camera setup #Microsoft Feb 16, 2017 Tata Motors and Microsoft India team up to redefine the connected car experience #IBM Feb 16, 2017 India’s digital foundation is in place, the next step is cognitive computing: IBM exec Ginni Rometty SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 23 February 2017. 6pm 09 March 2017. 6pm 23 March 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 23 February 2017. 6pm 09 March 2017. 6pm 23 March 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Newspaper Briefing In the Papers - Jaguar Land Rover, Glencore, Fenwick, Google Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:51 15 Feb 2017 ., Wed Newspaper Summary The Times Fed Chief risks Trump’s wrath with attack on spending plans: The head of America’s central bank put herself on a collision course with President Trump by issuing a thinly veiled warning that his economic plans posed a danger to the nation’s unsustainable debt burden. Scandal-hit Rolls posts record £4.6 billion loss: Six weeks in and Rolls-Royce’s year is not getting any better. After a £671 million out-of-court settlement over bribery and corruption cases on a global scale, Britain’s engineering champion has announced record losses and cut the dividend by nearly a third. First-time buyers create house price surge: Claims that house price growth was easing because of a post-Brexit slowdown were thrown into doubt after official figures revealed an acceleration at the end of last year. Sales of Jaguar Land Rover’s key cars stall: Sales of three key Jaguar Land Rover vehicles have slowed markedly as the Indian-owned British manufacturer reported a sharp reverse in profits. Glencore pays ‘infamous’ tycoon $160 million in Congo deal: Glencore has paid $160 million in royalties to a company controlled by a businessman accused of corruption by U.S. investigators, an analysis suggests. Co-op Chief takes reins at Fenwick: Richard Pennycook, the outgoing Chief Executive of the Co-operative Group, has been named as the incoming Chairman of Fenwick, the upmarket department store business. Hedge fund debt row may force West Bromwich to sell its assets: West Bromwich Building Society has warned that it may have to sell assets or get out of some of its businesses after a row with a hedge fund over its capital levels. Would-be buyers circle Co-op looking to pick the bank apart: Advisers to the Co-operative Bank are preparing sales documents to send to prospective buyers, some of whom have registered their interest in parts of the Manchester-based lender. Resurgent Acacia doubles dividend: Acacia Mining set out its stall to be a pan-African gold producer as it more than doubled its full-year dividend and returned to profit. The Independent Taylor review on self-employment cannot recommend tax changes: The independent review headed by Matthew Taylor into the rights of self-employed and gig-economy workers has terms of reference from the Government that prevent it from recommending that the Treasury close loopholes in the tax system. The pound could fall another 16% as Brexit unfolds, says Deustche Bank: Sterling has endured a veritable tumble since the U.K. voted to quit the EU in June. But and it is nowhere near done yet, according to Deutsche Bank. More people are looking for love after Donald Trump’s win: U.S. President Donald Trump’s election victory led to more people longing for love, according to the Chief Executive of online dating site eHarmony. Surge in insecure work costs U.K. £4 billion in lost taxes: An explosion in the number of people in insecure employment is costing the Government £4 billion a year, according to a new report published on Tuesday. 18 major car firms urge Trump to cut fuel efficiency target: Eighteen major car companies have written to Donald Trump urging him to overturn a fuel efficiency target set by the Obama administration. Google is losing employees because it paid them too much money: For the past year, Google’s car project has been a talent sieve, thanks to leadership changes, strategy doubts, new startup dreams and rivals luring self-driving technology experts. Another force pushing people out? Money. A lot of it. High street urges Chancellor Philip Hammond to end ‘unfair tax system that gives advantage to online retailers’: Business leaders are calling on Chancellor Philip Hammond to tackle anomalies in the tax system that see high street shops pay higher rates on small premises than online giants do for vast warehouses. The Daily Telegraph Trump rally pushes Goldman Sachs to record high as Buffett shares smash through $250,000 mark: Goldman Sachs shares closed at a record high last night as expectations of higher interest rates and optimism about Donald Trump’s pledge to reverse costly regulation lifted bank stocks. Greek economy suffers surprise contraction at the end of 2016 as Eurogroup Chief insists no ‘acute crisis’: The Greek economy suffered an unexpected contraction in the final three months of last year, highlighting the challenges facing the country as it faces further reform demands to unlock bail-out cash. Ethical policy obstacle to Co-op Bank sale: Co-operative Bank’s core ethical mandate is expected to pose a major obstacle to a sale of the troubled lender to a rival firm, according to City sources. Dealer Pendragon sets sights on doubling share of used car market: Car dealer Pendragon aims to more than double its share of the used vehicle market over the next five years - but the news got a frosty reception from the market, sending the shares into reverse. Pensions firm Xafinity goes public in attempt to shake up the industry: Pensions consultancy Xafinity has announced its intention to float on the London Stock Exchange as it bids to “disrupt the pensions world”. Tidjane Thiam to cut thousands more jobs at Credit Suisse: Tidjane Thiam, the Chief Executive of Credit Suisse, is preparing to swing the axe at the bank once again and cut thousands more jobs after Switzerland’s second-biggest lender slumped to a worse-than-expected £1.9 billion quarterly loss. The Questor Column: Debt makes this recruitment firm high-risk - but it could be about to turn a corner: A failed acquisition push, thin profit margins and a less-than-pristine balance sheet explain an ugly five-year share price chart at the recruitment and consulting specialist Parity. But a big management shake-up, a potential disposal and the first signs of improved trading could signal better times ahead for the Aim-listed firm. Net debts of £6.5 million and a pension deficit of £1.6 million sit with shareholders’ equity of just £5.9 million, so the balance sheet needs some work and interest cover was skinny in 2015, thanks to the pension costs as much as repayments on the debt. However, the Chairman, Lord Freedman, the Chief Executive, Alan Rommel, and the finance Director, Mike Aspinall, have started to tackle Parity’s problems since their arrival in 2015. Given the risks, however, a 20% stop-loss could be useful here. Questor says ‘Speculative Buy’. Update: CLS Holdings: All eyes are on the full-year results from the property developer and manager CLS Holdings on March 8 after an announcement that it will tart to return cash to shareholders via dividends rather than twice-yearly share buybacks. The first payment will cover the second half of 2016. The total buybacks paid in 2015 came to £19.1 million and the first-half figure was increased by 10%. The same rate of increase in the second half would make for a total return of £21 million. That would be the base for 2017’s dividend and represents a starting yield of 3%, a further attraction for a stock that trades on a hefty discount to its net asset value of £22.82 per share. Commercial property could well suffer some lumps and bumps but CLS is well placed to weather them and income hunters can let the future dividend reliably compound. Questor says ‘Buy’. The Guardian Senators grill Janet Yellen on Republican plans to neuter Dodd-Frank Act: Dueling senators turned the Federal Reserve chairwoman’s first testimony before Congress since the election of Donald Trump into a row over Republican plans to defang Dodd-Frank, the financial regulation brought in after the Great Recession. Blow to City as London offices face £1.4 billion rise in business rates bill: A sharp rise in business rates for offices in the City of London is threatening to undermine the Square Mile’s drive to remain a key financial centre in Europe after Brexit. Wine lovers face triple whammy Brexit price rise, says U.K. trade body: Champagne drinkers in Britain face higher prices in the next year as the impact of the Brexit vote on the pound takes its toll, the drinks industry has warned. Viagogo accused of sitting on refunds after overcharging for tickets: Dozens of people who bought tickets for gigs by artists including Ed Sheeran through Viagogo claim the website is withholding thousands of pounds in refunds, after a “glitch” saw them overcharged. Greece defies creditors over more cuts as economy shrinks unexpectedly: The standoff between Greece and its creditors has escalated, with the embattled Athens government vowing it will not give in to demands for further cuts as data showed the country’s economy unexpectedly contracting. Daily Mail Mitchells & Butlers tumbles 2.2% as pub and restaurant shares lose their fizz on inflation fears: Mitchells & Butlers tumbled as Canaccord Genuity cut its ‘Buy’ rating on the stock. The stockbroker has moved the restaurant and pub chain to a ‘Hold’ amid fears it looks vulnerable to increasing competition and rising costs in the sector. Next Chairman John Barton leaves in shake-up following dismal Christmas sales: Fashion retailer Next will usher in a new Chairman this summer after long-standing Boss John Barton announced his retirement. Fed Chief favours an early rate rise warning a delay could be disastrous for the economy: The head of the powerful Federal Reserve said waiting too long to raise interest rates in the United States could be disastrous for the economy. U.K.’s nuclear power plans thrown into disarray as crisis at Toshiba deepens: Britain’s nuclear power plans were thrown into chaos last night as problems escalated at Japanese company Toshiba. The corporate giant owns a 60% stake in the planned NuGen power plant in Cumbria that is supposed to eventually supply up to 6million homes as a key part of the Government’s energy strategy. British families shrug off pound’s slide and hit the slopes with winter holiday revenues up 21% on 2016: British families have been undeterred by the fall in the pound since the Brexit vote and are booking ski trips as well as holidays to hotspots. Holidaymakers have lifted first-quarter U.K. bookings at travel giant TUI significantly. HSBC appoints first Chief exec of its new U.K. ring-fenced bank: Banking giant HSBC has appointed the first Chief Executive of its new U.K. ring-fenced bank. Ian Stuart, 53, head of commercial banking for HSBC in the U.K. and Europe, will switch to lead the bank’s British retail and wealth management division. Daily Express Pound falls against euro and dollar as inflation falls below expectations: The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after lower than expected inflation reading dampened hopes of an interest rate hike. Eurozone economy grows just 0.4% in Q4 - worse than U.K. after Brexit vote: Europe’s economy missed expectations to grow by just 0.4% - worse than initially thought - in the final months of last year, figures showed. Dollar hits three-week high as U.S. set to raise interest rates again: The dollar jumped to its highest level in three weeks after the chair of the U.S. Federal Reserve said interest rates are likely to rise sooner rather than later. Inflation jumps to two-year high of 1.8% amid higher petrol prices: The cost of living in Britain jumped to its highest level in more than two years in January, official data showed. Germany growth slows: Merkel facing dire economy news as EU uncertainty over Trump grows: Germany’s economy grew at a disappointingly slow pace in the final three months last year - and at a far lower rate than Britain - data showed. Toshiba Chairman resigns as company shares dive after delaying financial results: Toshiba Chairman Shigenori Shiga has resigned after the company delayed the release of financial results expected to include billions of dollars in losses tied to its ailing U.S. nuclear power unit. The Scottish Herald Retail sales tumble as grocery reverses: The value of Scottish retail sales in January was down sharply on a year earlier, as consumers reined in spending after a modest loosening of the purse strings in December, the latest industry figures reveal. Firms face ‘danger’ of having to pass on cost rises: Scottish Chambers of Commerce has highlighted the “danger” for businesses that they will be forced to pass on higher costs to customers at a difficult time, after official figures showed a further rise in U.K. consumer price inflation. Entrepreneur wins following in care home sector for labels developed for sons’ sports kit: An entrepreneur who started producing labels for children’s clothing to keep track of her sons’ rugby kit is eyeing rapid growth after generating strong interest in the care home and luxury yachting markets. Dumfriesshire firm has made a quick impact on the road building sector: A young Scottish firm which has developed a way of making roads out of plastic has set out to raise £590,000 development funding from investors on the Seedrs crowdfunding platform. Gillespie Macandrew creates head of family job: Edinburgh firm Gillespie Macandrew has appointed Jennifer Maciver to the newly created role of head of family law. Cairn Energy closing in on bumper deal in North Sea: Cairn Energy is reported to be a frontrunner to buy a portfolio of North Sea assets that could be worth as much as $2 billion (£1.6 billion). Superfast data deal signed: The Fortis datacentre in North Lanarkshire, the largest in Scotland, will be capable of sending data to Glasgow and Edinburgh in less than one millisecond after connecting to a gigabit capable pure fibre network in a deal with Commsworld. The datacentre, just off the M8, harnesses Scotland’s cool climate to deliver high levels of power efficiency and is powered entirely by renewable energy sources. The Scotsman Peugeot owner PSA in talks to buy Vauxhall from GM: The owner of Peugeot said it could buy Vauxhall and Opel from General Motors (GM) in a deal that would transform Europe’s car market. CalMac hits new heights as Boss remains at helm: Caledonian MacBrayne (CalMac) has carried more than five million passengers in a year for the first time in two decades following the introduction of cheaper fares. Office market in rude health despite lack of supply: Demand for office space in the Central Belt remains high, while the Aberdeen market shows some signs of recovery, a new industry snapshot indicates. Life sciences firm Collagen Solutions to raise £12 million: Biomaterials business Collagen Solutions is expected to reach profitability in 2019 after revealing plans to raise up to £12 million. City A.M. Anthem hits back at Cigna’s $15 billion lawsuit: Health insurer Anthem has hit back at Cigna after it said it was terminating a merger between the two companies and wants $15 billion (£12 billion) in fees and damages. Trian takes $3.5 billion stake in P&G: Trian Fund Management has disclosed that it bought a $3.5 billion stake in Procter & Gamble, maker of Gillette razors and Crest toothpaste. Now German businesses are calling for post-Brexit partnership with U.K.: Firms in Germany want to maintain strong ties with the U.K. once it departs the EU, the managing Director of one of the country’s major industry groups has said. Workers at this City stalwart have been banned from drinking during the day: Looks like it’s going to be dry January all year long for the boozers at Lloyd’s of London. City workers at the historic institution have been banned from drinking during the day because alcohol has caused so may disciplinary cases, according to the Evening Standard. Parkdean and NewDay deals helped European private equity stage late comeback in 2016: European private equity activity began to recover in the last quarter of 2016 after a difficult first nine months to the year, according to a report published. . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any  research has been produced by an independent third party provider.  Further details can be provided on request.  Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report.  However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report.  This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete.  The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice.  Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell.  The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report.  Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions.  Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down.  Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance.   Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio.  Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss.   No investment advice The Company is a publisher and is not registered with or authorised by the Financial Services Authority (FSA). You understand and agree that no content published on the Site constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, or investment strategy is suitable or advisable for any specific person. You further understand that none of the information providers or their affiliates will advise you personally concerning the nature, potential, advisability, value or suitability of any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, investment strategy, or other matter. You understand that the Site may contain opinions from time to time with regard to securities mentioned in other products, including company related products, and that those opinions may be different from those obtained by using another product related to the Company. You understand and agree that contributors may write about securities in which they or their firms have a position, and that they may trade such securities for their own account. In cases where the position is held at the time of publication and such position is known to the Company, appropriate disclosure is made. However, you understand and agree that at the time of any transaction that you make, one or more contributors may have a position in the securities written about. You understand that price and other data is supplied by sources believed to be reliable, that the calculations herein are made using such data, and that neither such data nor such calculations are guaranteed by these sources, the Company, the information providers or any other person or entity, and may not be complete or accurate. From time to time, reference may be made in our marketing materials to prior articles and opinions we have published. These references may be selective, may reference only a portion of an article or recommendation, and are likely not to be current. As markets change continuously, previously published information and data may not be current and should not be relied upon.   RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Newspaper Briefing http://www.guardianstockbrokers.com Newspaper Briefing informs you of what is happening in the news before the market opens. We believe our Newspaper Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Newspaper Briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
null
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO India launches 88 earth imaging satellites from Planet Labs India launches 88 earth imaging satellites from Planet Labs A total of 104 satellites were launched by the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle John Ribeiro (IDG News Service) 15 February, 2017 18:54 - - - - print email Comments India’s Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV-C37) has launched into space 88 satellites from earth imaging company Planet Labs, giving the startup the ability to "image all of Earth's landmass every day.” Planet Labs earlier this month entered into an agreement to acquire Google’s Terra Bella business, including the SkySat constellation of satellites, and said that Google upon closing, will enter into a multi-year contract to purchase Earth-imaging data from Planet. The startup expects its data to be useful for a variety of applications such as measuring agricultural yields, monitoring natural resources, or aiding first responders after natural disasters. The launch of the PSLV-37 on Wednesday morning local time was a record for India’s space program as it carried 104 satellites into orbit, the largest number so far on a single launch.  Launched from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre at Sriharikota in south India, the PSLV-C37 launched its primary payload, the 714 kilograms Cartosat-2 series satellite for earth observation, and 103 co-passenger satellites that weighed about 663 kg at lift-off into a 505 kilometer polar Sun Synchronous Orbit. A Sun Synchronous Orbit ensures that a satellite passes over a section of the planet's surface at the same local time each day. Planet Lab’s Co-Founder and Chief Strategy Officer Robbie Schingler said that as a result of the PSLV launch, the company now has 144 satellites in orbit. Besides miniaturizing its Dove satellites and learning to build them at scale, the company has “constructed the world’s second largest private network of ground stations; custom built an automated mission control system; created a massive data pipeline able to process the vast amount of imagery we collect; and developed a software platform that lets customers, researchers, governments and NGOs access imagery quickly,” Schingler wrote in a post soon after the launch. The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) said Wednesday that besides the Cartosat-2 series satellite, the PSLV-37 carried 101 co-passenger satellites, consisting of smaller nano-satellites, including one each from Kazakhstan, Israel, the Netherlands, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates and 96 from the U.S., besides two nano-satellites from ISRO. The ISRO nano-satellites are modular units weighing less than 10 kg and with payloads of up to 5 kg. They are designed to travel into orbit as co-passenger satellites to accompany larger satellites on PSLV. Besides satellites from Planet, the PSLV also launched eight satellites from remote tracking company Spire. 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about BellaDoveGoogleSpireSunSwitzerland Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Three Ways to Get Started with Hadoop CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies SECURITY, DURABILITY AND USABILITY TARGET HP’S FLAGSHIP CONVERTIBLE AT BUSINESS USERS EMC Isilon Scale-Out Data Lake Foundation Latest Jobs Digital Communications Manager NSW Group Director Information Services WA Senior Business Analyst - HRIS QLD Network Specialist - IPAM Telco VIC Project Manager - Adelaide based NSW Life/400 Resource - Permanent NSW Technical Support Representative NSW Project Scheduler VIC Technical and Client focussed Product Analyst QLD IT Procurement Officer NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​Humans playing big role in data breaches: report Updated: GHD boosts global business network, links 50 new remote sites ​Will ransomware attackers target critical infrastructure next? CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow CSO US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking What happens if your thermostat is hacked? Researchers name the top 7 security threats A.I. faces hype, skepticism at RSA cybersecurity show Bruce Schneier: Public-service technologists are needed to tame the IoT Yahoo warns users of account breaches related to recent attacks Computerworld South Australia aims to cut costs with CSC deal Regulated roaming ‘unambiguously bad’ for regional Australia, Telstra CEO says Digital and data drive earnings at Origin Energy Telstra registers profit drop in first half Microsoft quietly prolongs life of original Windows 10 ARN CSC wins landmark South Australian Government IT outsourcing deal New partners join Federal Govt's cloud services panel Digital growth drives $70M revenue for RXP Services “Intense” competition impacts Telstra’s financials Melbourne IT forks out for $67M Outware acquisition Techworld US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking 5G progress at Ericsson could help enterprises work worldwide A.I. faces hype, skepticism at RSA cybersecurity show Bruce Schneier: Public-service technologists are needed to tame the IoT Microsoft quietly prolongs life of original Windows 10 CMO CMO's top 8 martech stories for the week - 16 February 2017 Toyota gets a new CMO following Brad Cramb's departure Telstra sees dip in NPS, financial results How digital transformation opened a new customer segment for Kennards Hire Tourism Australia CMO: Data is about gaining efficiency in marketing Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Navigation gHacks Technology News The independent technology news blog Home Header Menu Home Windows Software Firefox Chrome Google Android Email Deals Best of Support Us Return to Content How to force Flash updates in Chrome By Martin Brinkmann on February 15, 2017 in Google Chrome - Last Update:February 15, 2017 8 The following guide walks you through the steps of checking the installed Flash version in Google Chrome, and forcing it to update if an outdated version is used by the browser. All versions of the Google Chrome web browser ship with Adobe Flash installed natively in the browser. While Chrome does not support classic NPAPI plugins anymore, Chrome is still supporting PPAPI plugins of which Flash is one. This is good usually for users who require Adobe Flash. The main reason why that is the case is that users don't have to worry about the installed version of Adobe Flash too much, as Google takes care of the updating. How to force Flash updates in Chrome While this works fine most of the time, usually before or at the time Adobe releases updates for Flash, it may happen that Google is late to the party when it comes to pushing the updated version of Flash to Chrome installations. This has the effect that Chrome users run an outdated version of Flash, and that should be cause for concern as that goes along with a truckload of vulnerabilities usually. Downloading and installing the latest Flash Player from Adobe won't help in this case, as Chrome relies on the PPAPI version of Flash and ignores the NPAPI version that is installed from Adobe's site. Adobe offers Flash PPAPI versions for download, and that is one option that you have to update Flash in Chrome and Chromium. But, there is another option, one that is more comfortable than having to visit Adobe's website, downloading the new Flash installer from it, and running it on devices that you want to update. We talked about Chrome's chrome://components/ page back in 2012 for the first time, and hinted at the possibility of using it to check for updates. Basically, what you want to do is the following to check for, download, and install Flash updates in Chrome: Load the internal chrome://components/ page by pasting it in the address bar and hitting the Enter-key (or typing it). Locate Adobe Flash Player on the page. You can check the version right then and there, or hit the "check for update" button underneath it right away. This runs an update check. If Google has released an update, but not yet delivered it to your device, it will be downloaded and installed. It is certainly a possibility that Google has not yet made available the update for Chrome's Flash plugin. The check for updates fails in this case, and your only option is to head over to the Adobe website to perform the manual update instead. (via Computerworld) Tip: you may disable Flash in Chrome entirely as well if you don't need it. Closing Words Google is usually pretty fast when it comes to Flash updates in Chrome. But if you notice that Adobe released an update for Flash, and Google did not yet push it to your device, you may use the method to try forcing the update. (thanks Ilev, via Computerworld) Now You: Do you use Flash at all anymore? Summary Article Name How to force Flash updates in Chrome Description The following guide walks you through the steps of checking the installed Flash version in Google Chrome, and forcing it to update if an outdated version is used by the browser. Author Martin Brinkmann Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo Please share this article About Martin Brinkmann Martin Brinkmann is a journalist from Germany who founded Ghacks Technology News Back in 2005. He is passionate about all things tech and knows the Internet and computers like the back of his hand.You can follow Martin on Facebook, Twitter or Google+ View all posts by Martin Brinkmann → You are here: Home > Google Chrome > How to force Flash updates in Chrome Picard 1.4 music tagger is out Local CDN for Chrome Responses to How to force Flash updates in Chrome ms February 15, 2017 at 11:11 am # Only for a certain browser game or two, and a streaming site that haven't moved towards HTML5. Its going the way of the dodo bird! Reply Netguy101 February 15, 2017 at 11:46 am # You forget to mention that the Adobe flash version is updated only for that user account. So, someone would have to go through all user accounts and update flash via that Chrome://components address. Also, I hope there is a way to automate this, so that Adobe flash is constantly checked for updates at the browsers' startup. Reply Sylvio Haas February 15, 2017 at 1:36 pm # Hello, Martin No method brought an update for Adobe Flash. 1. I downloaded and installed the update from Adobe's site but nothing happened, the version is the same I had before. 2. Google Components page. There it stated "Component not updated" and when I clicked on Check for Updates the result was the same: "Component not updated". Does this mean that I cannot force an update and have to wait until Chrome decides to update? Thank you. Reply Martin Brinkmann February 15, 2017 at 3:24 pm # Sylvio, it appears that way. Do you block connections to Google by chance in Chrome? Reply Anonymous February 15, 2017 at 4:05 pm # I believe the flash portion in the chrome://components link is missing in version 57+, same with chrome://plugins. Moved to chrome://settings/content for management. Reply Martin Brinkmann February 15, 2017 at 4:10 pm # I still see Adobe Flash Player listed under Components in Chrome 58. Reply Anonymous February 15, 2017 at 6:42 pm # Thanks, I will try again, this version 58.0.3013.0 (64-bit) has it missing ilev February 15, 2017 at 5:19 pm # I have updated version of Flash in my Chrome Version 57.0.2987.37 beta (64-bit) and Flash is listed under /components. Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Your Name Your E-mail (will not be published) Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Subscribe / Connect   Ghacks Technology Newsletter   Ghacks Daily Newsletter Advertisement Advertisement Recent Updates Free CD Burning Software Firefox privacy and security preferences Firefox 51.0.3 for Android Pale Moon 27.1.0 Thunderbird 45.7.1 released Windows 10 Privacy Software The best Chrome extensions The best Firefox addons Use a RAM disk for SSDs Firefox 51.0.1 Random Software Review Windows Clipboard Software Topics Apple Development Facebook Games Ghacks Hardware Internet Internet Explorer Linux Microsoft Mobile Computing Music And Video Networks Opera Security Tutorials Partner Sites Advertisement About Ghacks Ghacks is a technology news blog that was founded in 2005 by Martin Brinkmann. It has since then become one of the most popular tech news sites on the Internet with five authors and regular contributions from freelance writers. Information About Contact Disclaimer Rss Feeds Privacy Policy We Use Authors Martin Brinkmann Alan Buckingham Kevin Dearing © 2017 gHacks Technology News. All Rights Reserved. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.OkRead more
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 February 2017 by Military News intice® Named Google Premier Partner Intice has officially qualified to receive the Google Premier Partner status. The Premier Partner status is the highest designation Google presents to Digital Agencies and is only provided to companies that provide the highest level of customer satisfaction and quality results for it’s clients. Tampa, FL, February 15, 2017 –– Intice is excited to announce that they have officially qualified to receive the Google Premier Partner status. The Partner badge shows that Google recognizes Intice as an AdWords certified partner. Additionally, Google only awards leading companies that meet additional certification and performance requirements the Premier Partner badge. Qualifying for Premier Partner status is a collective effort as a team and is the highest designation Google presents to Digital Agencies. It is only provided to companies that provide the highest level of customer satisfaction and quality results for it’s clients. “Premier Partners have completed extensive technical training and met a rigorous set of criteria to qualify for Premier status. Their strong expertise working with customers building on the Google Platform will help to ensure that no aspect of your next big project is left to chance.” – Google Intice’s focus is the dealer, helping them be more successful and effective when it comes to their digital marketing strategy, including; Search, Display, Video and Lead Conversion, shaping the online purchase journey and the internal sales process. “In Digital Marketing, more has changed in the last 12 months than the preceding 12 Years and for dealers that continue to increase their digital marketing investments, they deserve to be utilizing the very best that Google has to offer,” said CEO, David Farmer. “We do the work necessary to stay on top of every change that Google makes, so to become experts in every aspect of the Google AdWords Platform. Everyday we continue to work hard to help dealers be as effective as they can to sell and service more cars. Being presented with the Premier Partner status is validation that our work has not gone unnoticed.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, service, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Polish American String Band Selects 2018 Theme Next PostNext Hospitality Entrepreneurs Showcase Profits with Wise Business Plans Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts La Essl Collection se transfiere a ALBERTINA La collection Essl transférée au musée ALBERTINA Le Nouvel Espace de Guian fait paraître le plan de 2017 mettant l’accent sur les entreprises de mégadonnées Le Nouvel Espace de Guian fait paraître le plan de 2017 mettant l’accent sur les entreprises de mégadonnées Essl Collection Transferred to the ALBERTINA Proudly powered by WordPress
Follow بالعربيه Log In Search this site: Country Specific News Algeria Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Jordan KSA Kuwait Lebanon Libya Morocco Oman Palestine Qatar Sudan Syria Tunisia UAE Yemen HOME NEWS BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS WEATHER EDITOR'S CHOICE THE LOOP Home » Business » Goods And Services » Samsung And Google Introduce The Next Generation Chromebook Designed For Google Play: The Samsung Chromebook Plus And Chromebook Pro ALSO IN BUSINESS 1 - 5 OF 15 Saudi's Sakani housing program to distribute 120,000 homes Oman spearheads GCC anti-dumping study Egypt aims for end of government gas imports by 2018 Lebanon: Proposal to raise taxes met with opposition Dana Gas wins $121M in latest international arbitration case against KRG Jordan: Discussions underway to bring more European charter flights to Aqaba Bahrain: Retail, hospitality and luxury sectors see continued growth UK courts Saudi spenders with new tourism office in Riyadh Egypt pledges to repay international oil debts UAE's 5G deployment by 2020 to impact every sector: Qualcomm Qatar's Uber drivers strike over cheaper fares Cosplay fans head to Jeddah for Saudi's first Comic Con UAE's Mars 2117 Project: Will the red planet's first human settlement be Emirati? Saudi travel and tourism to be worth $81B by 2026 Cheap oil prices are the impetus for change in GCC economies: UBF Samsung and Google Introduce the Next Generation Chromebook Designed for Google Play: The Samsung Chromebook Plus and Chromebook Pro Samsung and Google Introduce the Next Generation Chromebook Designed for Google Play: The Samsung Chromebook Plus and Chromebook Pro 2.5 5 Published February 15th, 2017 - 09:07 GMT Press Release Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit Follow > Click here to add Alanna Cotton as an alert Click here to remove the Alanna Cotton alert Disable alert for Alanna Cotton, Click here to add Best Buy as an alert Click here to remove the Best Buy alert Disable alert for Best Buy, Click here to add Google as an alert Click here to remove the Google alert Disable alert for Google, Click here to add Intel as an alert Click here to remove the Intel alert Disable alert for Intel, Click here to add Quad as an alert Click here to remove the Quad alert Disable alert for Quad, Click here to add Samsung Electronics America Inc. as an alert Click here to remove the Samsung Electronics America Inc. alert Disable alert for Samsung Electronics Americ ... Samsung Electronics America, Inc. announced the Samsung Chromebook Plus and Chromebook Pro, the latest generation of its Chromebooks that pairs the power and productivity of a laptop with the flexibility and versatility of a tablet. Samsung and Google partnered to design this next generation Chromebook, which is born at the intersection of hardware and software innovation. The Samsung Chromebook Plus and Chromebook Pro are designed for Google Play so you can use all the apps you love in addition to movies, books and music. The new Samsung Chromebooks also offer a 360-degree rotating touchscreen, quad HD screen, built-in digitized pen and new lightweight metal design. “Since launching our first Chromebook over five years ago, we have continued to improve the product, developing a computer that not only fits into consumers’ lifestyles, but makes their lives easier, more mobile and more productive,” said Alanna Cotton, vice president of product marketing at Samsung Electronics America. “With the Chromebook Plus and Pro, we’re partnering with Google to pair a sleek design with supreme flexibility, encouraging users to experience more with Google Play and Android apps, while continuing to provide simplicity, top-rated security and shareability inherent in Chromebooks.”   Flexibility The Chromebook Plus and Pro are designed to be flexible – allowing the user to transform the Chromebook on demand. It is built with a 360-degree rotating touchscreen performing both as a notebook, and an ultra-mobile premium tablet. For the first time in the Chromebook lineup the Chromebook Plus and Pro come with a built-in pen, which is embedded on the side of the device for secure storage and easy access. The pen takes convenience to another level with tablet-like benefits, such as the ability to effortlessly take notes and capture on-screen content. The pen is ready to use out of the box with pre-installed Google Keep for notetaking and Samsung ArtCanvas for drawing. The newly developed pen has a 0.7mm pen tip and pressure sensitivity for precise screen capturing. With a sleek, lightweight design, the Chromebook Plus and Pro is a computer people will be proud to own. The high-quality hardware is slim, designed to fit right into consumers’ bags, so it’s easy to carry wherever the day takes them. Additionally, an integrated full-size keyboard and trackpad allows users to write and play from anywhere. Experience More The new Chromebook isn’t just a laptop, or tablet – it’s a connection to a world of experience including apps, games and media, all through the Google Play Store. Delivering a stunning, immersive Quad HD 2400x1600 resolution display made of durable Gorilla Glass 3, with a 3:2 aspect ratio– users can game, work or binge-watch on Samsung’s best Chromebook screen. The Chromebook Plus and Pro have upgraded its ports, and now includes two USB-C ports for enhanced connectivity and 4k video streaming, producing high quality video and gaming from the Chromebook on connected 4k displays. Cutting-edge Software, Enhanced Productivity The Chromebook Plus and Pro are for the user that wants to do more, create more and get more done all while staying connected. The new Chromebooks deliver a powerful multitasking multi-window experience allowing users to browse on Chrome, work in Google Drive and chat easily with friends on Google Hangouts. The Chromebook Plus and Chromebook Pro also allows users the ability to access apps, work on documents or listen to a playlist while offline. Additionally, traditional Chromebook features like built-in anti-virus and automatic updates remain. The new Chromebooks have 4GB of RAM and 32GB of storage* and feature batteries that last up to 8 hours**, as well as an enhanced battery life extender to lengthen productivity time. Samsung Chromebook Plus will feature an ARM processor starting at $449 and will be available at major retailers, including Best Buy, in February. The Chromebook Pro will be powered by an Intel® Core™ m3 processor, designed for fast, responsive performance and will be available later this Spring. Both devices will come with the Google Play Store (Beta) pre-installed. Join Albawaba Business Follow Albawaba Business Advertisement Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit EDITOR’S CHOICE 1 - 4 OF 12 Hair today, gone tomorrow: UAE footballers’ hairstyles deemed ‘unethical’ Moscow decries iconic photo showing ambassador’s assassination after winning top photo prize This Indonesian designer used all hijabi models for her glittering NYFW show What a heartbreaker: Sheikh Mohammed charms the women of UAE with Valentine’s Day message Puppy rescued from well in Istanbul - by high school robotics team! Turkish film ‘Kedi’ highlights lives of Istanbul’s streetwise felines Yemen’s own catnip ‘Qat’ becoming a huge burden on already starving land Support your Granny Squad! Turkish grandmas to receive salary for babysitting Saudi Arabia finally allows women to exercise (but only if its fun-free!) Blessing in disguise? Hezbollah 'very optimistic' about 'idiot' President Trump Beat the traffic with Dubai’s flying cars! Hijabi woman from Abu Dhabi wows sports fans with hockey skills Top Headlines Mind your language: These are the most overused words on LinkedIn in Saudi Arabia Drop the remote control, 'iflix Arabia' launches internet TV in MENA Palestinians denounce White House comments on two-state solution Not our president(s): Jewish protesters demonstrate against Netanyahu and Trump Oman spearheads GCC anti-dumping study RECENT ARTICLES Saudi's Sakani housing program to distribute 120,000 homes Mind your language: These are the most overused words on LinkedIn in Saudi Arabia Oman spearheads GCC anti-dumping study Egypt aims for end of government gas imports by 2018 Not getting those job offers? Take a closer look at your core competencies FEATURED STORIES So cool it's hot: Saudi Arabia's $3.2B HVACR market driven by construction boom Oman sees steady upswing in fishing industry Breathe easier with LG Saudi Arabia’s new indoor ventilation system Careem offers discounts to riders headed to the gym! Widespread apple crop failure raises agricultural concerns in Lebanon RELATED ARTICLES Samsung announces Chromebook 2 series featuring faster performance, increased productivity and stylish design Acer Debuts Industry’s first Chromebook with 15.6-inch display Samsung Electronics recognized for design and technology innovation at the 2017 Consumer Electronics Show Google vs Apple: How does the Pixel SL stack up against the iPhone 7 Plus? MOST POPULAR Jordan signs deal to receive 100,000 tons of wheat from US in food aid AURAK and Du sign MoU to collaborate on 5G and IoT development Tiger Woods tours His golf course design at DAMAC Properties’ AKOYA Oxygen AUC signs a cooperation protocol with the National Council for Women Lebanon's Innovation Factory: A new space for designers and entrepreneurs Add a new comment Reply to - X Write your comment... Post as anonymous Background information Samsung Electronics Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. is a global leader in semiconductor, telecommunication, digital media and digital convergence technologies with 2011 consolidated sales of US$143.1 billion. Employing approximately 206,000 people in 197 offices across 72 countries, the company operates two separate organizations to coordinate its nine independent business units: Digital Media & Communications, comprising Visual Display, Mobile Communications, Telecommunication Systems, Digital Appliances, IT Solutions, and Digital Imaging; and Device Solutions, consisting of Memory, System LSI and LED. Recognized for its industry-leading performance across a range of economic, environmental and social criteria, Samsung Electronics was named the world’s most sustainable technology company in the 2011 Dow Jones Sustainability Index. Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. is a global leader in semiconductor, telecommunication, digital media and digital convergence technologies with 2011 consolidated sales of US$143.1 billion. Employing approximately 206,000 people in 197 offices across 72 countries, the company operates two separate organizations to coordinate its nine independent business units: Digital Media & Communications, comprising Visual Display, Mobile Communications, Telecommunication Systems, Digital Appliances, IT Solutions, and Digital Imaging; and Device Solutions, consisting of Memory, System LSI and LED. Recognized for its industry-leading performance across a range of economic, environmental and social criteria, Samsung Electronics was named the world’s most sustainable technology company in the 2011 Dow Jones Sustainability Index. Contact Information: Samsung Gulf Electronics Concorde Tower 18th Floor Dubai Internet City PO Box 500047 Dubai, United Arab Emirates http://www.samsung.com PR agency Trans-Arabian Creative Communications Trans-Arabian Creative Communications (TRACCS) was founded in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia in December 1997 to provide world class public relations services to the Kingdom's business community and to multinational enterprises operating in the country. More... Trans-Arabian Creative Communications (TRACCS) was founded in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia in December 1997 to provide world class public relations services to the Kingdom's business community and to multinational enterprises operating in the country. Today TRACCS has become one of the largest public relations networks in the Middle East and North Africa with over 200 dedicated professionals providing a diverse and sophisticated service offering from 14 offices in 13 countries. Less... Contact Information: TRACCS Dubai Office 222, Building 9 Dubai Media City, PO Box 72583 Dubai, United Arab Emirates Tel:  +971 (0) 4 367 2530 Fax:  +971 (0) 4 367 2531 majdi@traccs.net http://www.traccs.net PR contact Maha Al Rawashdeh maha@traccs.net Related Videos Dubai Shopping Festival (DSF) Arabian Oud TVC From Around The Web Most Popular Most Discussed Contact the Editor Evacuation of illegal outpost turns violent, injuring eight Israeli police Trial opens for Jordanian journalist held in UAE over ‘insulting’ Facebook post Jordan signs deal to receive 100,000 tons of wheat from US in food aid Newlyweds Hassan Raddad & Amy Samir Ghanem 'live separately and barely see each other' US prevents Palestinian diplomat from accessing UN envoy to Libya post   More Stories » User login Log In Log in to Al Bawaba in order to manage your various website activities Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Login with Live   © 2000 - 2017 Al Bawaba (www.albawaba.com) About Us Advertising Content Contact Us PR Services RSS Terms of Use
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 10 Best Racing Games for Android Cory Gunther11/07/2016 With millions of apps and hundreds of games available on the Google Play Store, it can be hard to find good quality games. For those that have the need for speed, here we’ll be sharing 10 of our favorite racing games on Android. These are the best available in 2016. Playing games on our Android smartphones and tablets is becoming increasingly more popular thanks to a huge selection. Not to mention big HD displays and powerful processors inside devices like the Galaxy S7 or Google Pixel. Racing games are extremely popular but it can be hard to find the good ones. Read: 10 Best First Person Shooter Games for Android Whether you’re looking for ultra realistic racing, casual arcade fun, or want to be flying through water with turbo boosts and more, we have it all covered. Here we highlight some of the better looking games available. These are fun, free, or at least worth spending your hard earned money on. Over the past year or two Android games have improved by leaps and bounds, and are getting better with each release. Not to mention Android 7.0 Nougat and its new Vulcan gaming API promises to deliver a whole new level of quality. The games detailed below will keep you busy for hours, and on the edge of your seat. We’re starting with Asphalt 8: Airborne, as it’s still my favorite all-around game on Android. Well, unless you consider Clash of Clans. Then take a peek at the slideshow below for nine other great games that made our list. As we said above, there are hundreds and hundreds of games available from the Google Play Store. And while some are decent, many of them are poor copies of others and not worth the time it’ll take to download. So instead of wasting time and data, or your money, check out this list of some of the most popular racing games available on Android right now. Many are from 2015, but more are coming soon. Asphalt 8: Airborne   1 / 10 Our first pick and still my favorite racing game to date comes from Gameloft, who has now released over eight versions of their flagship racing game for Android. Asphalt 8: Airborne does away with all the simulator realism and goes for high speeds, octane boosters, and flying down realistic streets with natural lighting, shadows, and reflections all while trying to get the most air as possible going over jumps and taking shortcuts. All of this is done while having some of the best graphics on a mobile device. Asphalt 8 delivers realistic crashes and extensive vehicle damage, it has both arcade and multiplayer modes, and the career mode will have you build up a reputation, and earn additional cars for the garage. This has been my favorite game since its release, and Asphalt 7 is still a close second. It's my go-to mobile game to show off how far mobile gaming has come, and will continue to be one of my favorites that is on every tablet or smartphone I own. There is no Asphalt 9 yet, but instead you can try Asphalt Overdrive, which is more of an endless racer. It isn't quite as fun, but still worth consideration. We're hoping for an Asphalt 9 in 2017. Those with an older device that can't play Asphalt 8, download Asphalt Nitro. It's made for budget devices. Another good option is a game called City Racer. Download from Google Play Asphalt Xtreme was just released in November, and is the same racing game we all love, taken to the dirt. It's Asphalt Off-Road essentially, and loads of fun. Not to mention some of the best graphics around. Download it now.    1 / 10 28 Responses 06/10/2015 mousavian Reply thanks 12/08/2016 ateeq Reply new car racing game https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fast.car.racing.real.speed 08/06/2015 Fahad Ullah Khan Reply Nice ! Please Do also check One of Best Moto Racing game “Moto Racer WL” https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.whitelight.motoracer 08/29/2015 james Reply city racer is one of the best android games ive played over the past 6months..asphalt 8 was my top game but accidentally deleted it and when i try to re-install it all i get is an error code.. ive asked for help and know it isn’t a hardware or sdcard fault as both are new and hold 8gig each..any help would be appreciated as i would like to have this game again.. my device is a huwai kestrel. 08/29/2015 sumon Reply Asphalt 8 just awesome game. I think smartphone user’s much enjoy to playing Asphalt 8 so hurry download and enhance your racing life. 12/11/2015 GameZ2Play Reply https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0fAykIju2Q 02/10/2016 Luciano Reply Please check also the under-rated new game Galaxy Kart: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=it.beppi.spacerings, so much fun. 03/16/2016 James Hilton Reply I think you just shares the whole best list of Android Games. Asphalt 8 is my all time favorite game Thanks for sharing, really helpful. I will definitely try some of the games. 03/18/2016 kushaljainofficial Reply Asphalt 8 Airborne is also one of my favorite game and i really like this information you shared, i found that some games given on this site are also similar in Top Games List http://www.top10androidgame.com 04/20/2016 simon Reply There is also a new game has been releaced Car Racing https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.danikson.car2016&hl=uk and I heard they are going to update game so we can share high score. 05/13/2016 Ravindranath Fokeerah Reply Those who cant play asphalt 8 play asphalt nitro its as good as best 05/14/2016 rochdi jalal Reply Very cool collection.. chaeck out this one of the best android offline games 2016 updeted https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sejRO1a2cHA it is very fun 05/19/2016 rba tec Reply nice and informative article on andriod games .its give us information how modern technology developed . 06/30/2016 capturinggod games Reply Gravity has just released their newest online mobile game called Gramfantasia. I’m just gonna leave this short gameplay video of the game here http://www.facebook.com/gramfantasia/videos/1606691486324393/ 07/05/2016 kurkosdr Reply This list is silly… Most of the games listed are microtransaction tarpits of the worst kind, which doesn’t usually correlate with “best” or even fun. The fact that high-quality games like Need For Speed Most Wanted, Rush Rally, Bangers Unlimited 2 and Colin Mc Rae were left out just for being paid, boggles the mind (especially considering the price is 1/20th of the price you need to pay to actually finish a microtransaction tarpit game) 09/13/2016 Seema Sankadecha Reply Here is another new list of Best Android Racing Games of 2016 http://www.thegreatapps.com/blog/top-ten-best-racing-games-for-android-2016-free-download-here 10/06/2016 Sillvan Reply Hii Corey you have shared a really good information, and it’s hard to find good games to play cause many people regret after installing them and get bored of it. I did find pretty nice games here on my way to download some of them. Thanks again. 10/17/2016 liviaemily_6 Reply I don’t know if I’m a driver or a pilot when I play this game. One word…unrealistic. 10/17/2016 Sweta Reply Do check this channel based on racing game https://youtu.be/09elX2O4mTI. And android app 10/26/2016 Johnny Gamer Reply My favourite free motorbikes racing game for this year is Top Superbikes: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.oscarbaro.TopSuperbikesRacing I really recommend it!! 11/30/2016 whatever Reply I still go for real racing 3 though… Its so realistic 11/30/2016 Nbt Reply Awesome Games list for 2016.. Check some more at>> http://nextbigtech.org/best-3d-games-android/ 12/06/2016 Shalie de Souza Reply Thanks for best list of Racing Games apps for Android. I haven’t used these apps that you have shared. Currently I’m using Real Racing 3 which is pretty cool , It has nice features such as 17 real-world locations , detailed car damage, fully functioning rear view mirrors, and dynamic reflections for truly HD racing. I’m happy with it but would definitely try these ones as well. Regards julyrapid.com/android-app-development/ 12/14/2016 best profit Reply Thanks for every other wonderful article. The place else may anybody get that type of info in such an ideal means of writing? I’ve a presentation subsequent week, and I am at the look for such information. 12/16/2016 Raphael Reply Ugh all these people leaving links to their crappy “racing games” which I bet have worse graphics then flappy Bird. Anyway real racing 3 and riptide gp renegade are my favourite racing games. 01/21/2017 TechTalk Reply https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9WpjVPhpLDQ 01/27/2017 sandeep kumar Reply Asphalt is the best racing game 02/15/2017 Charles Tatman Reply I play the Asphalt and it’s the best racing game on android according to me. I just love it Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 3 Reasons Not to Install Galaxy S7 Nougat & 5 Reasons You Should 02/07/2017 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.2.1 & 6 Reasons You Should 02/01/2017
menu Sections Thursday, February 16, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION technology / Internet share this Google to ban all torrent sites soon While torrent lovers insist they will not be affected, deliberations in the U.K. might just have widespread impact INQUIRER.net / 05:00 PM February 15, 2017 Image: Screen grab from Google The United States Federal government has continued to crack down on several prominent video-sharing sites (commonly known as torrents), and it looks like Google and other search engines may soon join the fray. With online piracy on the rise in recent years, Google will reportedly prohibit the appearance of torrent sites on its result pages. According to Torrent Freak, Google officials, along with other industry leaders like Yahoo and Bing, have already teamed up and discussed plans to come up with a self-regulation code which could combat such content. ADVERTISEMENT The report stated that in the United Kingdom, the proposed scheme is already being backed up by the Parliament and may be nearing the completion and implementation phase, as “it’s been hoped that the parties will sit down and reach a voluntary agreement.” “While there are still elements of detail to be settled, the group has now agreed on the key content of the code and I expect an agreement to be reached very soon,” Parliament representative Baroness Peta Jane Buscombe was quoted as saying in the report. The English politician also lauded the tech companies’ efforts, as well as their willingness to address the ever-growing piracy issues which have reached global scale. “The search engines involved in this work have been very cooperative, making changes to their algorithms and processes, but also working bilaterally with creative industry representatives to explore the options for new interventions, and how existing processes might be streamlined,” she said. Despite the seemingly daunting task of completely banning all torrent sites, Buscombe already has a date in mind for its implementation. “All parties have also agreed that the code should take effect, and the targets in it be reached, by June 1 this year,” the Baroness said, adding that it will most likely take effect on the United Kingdom’s search engines first. Khristian Ibarrola/JB play_circle_filled New wave of robots set to deliver the goods February 05, 2017 play_circle_filled Nintendo reboots with new Switch game console January 15, 2017 play_circle_filled Avatar-style South Korean manned robot takes first baby steps January 04, 2017 play_circle_filled 'Heart-in-a-box' device helps save lives January 04, 2017 TAGS: ban, Baroness Peta Jane Buscombe, Google, Piracy, SEO, torrent websites, UK Parliament For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING newsinfo Senate won’t allow arrest of De Lima February 14, 2017 entertainment Erich Gonzales to speak up on ‘money issues’ with Matsunagas February 13, 2017 newsinfo SC affirms forfeiture of Marcos jewelry collection February 13, 2017 entertainment Daniel Matsunaga’s sis Vanessa to Erich: Address money issue February 13, 2017 newsinfo Plunderer ‘kills’ more people than a murderer – Lacson February 13, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this Khristian Ibarrola The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved

Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 February 2017 by Military News intice® Named Google Premier Partner Tampa, FL, February 15, 2017 –(PR.com)– Intice is excited to announce that they have officially qualified to receive the Google Premier Partner status. The Partner badge shows that Google recognizes Intice as an AdWords certified partner. Additionally, Google only awards leading companies that meet additional certification and performance requirements the Premier Partner badge. Qualifying for Premier Partner status is a collective effort as a team and is the highest designation Google presents to Digital Agencies. It is only provided to companies that provide the highest level of customer satisfaction and quality results for it’s clients. “Premier Partners have completed extensive technical training and met a rigorous set of criteria to qualify for Premier status. Their strong expertise working with customers building on the Google Platform will help to ensure that no aspect of your next big project is left to chance.” – Google Intice’s focus is the dealer, helping them be more successful and effective when it comes to their digital marketing strategy, including; Search, Display, Video and Lead Conversion, shaping the online purchase journey and the internal sales process. “In Digital Marketing, more has changed in the last 12 months than the preceding 12 Years and for dealers that continue to increase their digital marketing investments, they deserve to be utilizing the very best that Google has to offer,” said CEO, David Farmer. “We do the work necessary to stay on top of every change that Google makes, so to become experts in every aspect of the Google AdWords Platform. Everyday we continue to work hard to help dealers be as effective as they can to sell and service more cars. Being presented with the Premier Partner status is validation that our work has not gone unnoticed.” Contact Information: intice Marissa Marazzi 855-747-7770 Contact via Email intice.com Read the full story here: http://www.pr.com/press-release/705522 Press Release Distributed by PR.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, service, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Introducing CambodianPrivateTours.com: Best Cambodia Tours Designed to Inspire Next PostNext PRSA Boston Presents on Establishing Community in Today’s Global Marketplace Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts La Essl Collection se transfiere a ALBERTINA La collection Essl transférée au musée ALBERTINA Le Nouvel Espace de Guian fait paraître le plan de 2017 mettant l’accent sur les entreprises de mégadonnées Le Nouvel Espace de Guian fait paraître le plan de 2017 mettant l’accent sur les entreprises de mégadonnées Essl Collection Transferred to the ALBERTINA Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy Keanu Reeves wanted John Wick to suffer Business Standard Google pushes HTTPS for web security IANS  |  Seoul  February 15, 2017 Last Updated at 13:12 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTQCJi ALSO READ North Korea hacks South Korea's cyber command South Korea announces symbolic, new sanctions on N Korea South Korea announces sanctions against North Korea South Korea and Japan need to review ties with Pakistan following North Korea's 5th Nuclear Test New type of cyberattacks to rise in South Korea: Report A HTTPS-based website is a safer way to protect users from possible security attacks, the security director at Google has said, emphasising that major South Korean search engines do not support this system. "Top websites in (South) Korea that don't support HTTPS are Naver and Daum. It's not just a problem for (South) Korea but a challenge for the world and the developers," said Parisa Tabriz. Tabriz heads the team who protects Google Chrome and its billions of users from criminal hackers, Yonhap news agency reported. Google began adding security warnings for websites that do not use strong encryptions beginning in 2017, putting a clear "Not secure" warning next to online websites that use unencrypted HTTP connections rather than encrypted HTTPS connections. Tabriz said HTTP websites, which account for nearly half of the world's websites, are vulnerable to attacks that Google calls in security terms, "man in the middle." "Encryption will give the security we need. HTTPS does not solve all security problems, but it provides a foundation for this," she said. As to some complaints that Google's HTTPS policy may be expensive and time-consuming, the security expert said switching to HTTPS is not easy but necessary. "It is just a misconception that there is cost. It was true 10 years ago, but cost is no longer true for today," the Iranian-American hacker who protects Google said. "Without the HTTPS, there is no privacy. We also published a transparency report," she said, adding that HTTPS websites have steadily increased during the past one year with Google's effort. As for general security, she advised Internet uses not to reuse or use the same password for different websites since hackers know this, and they will attack the weakest website to obtain personal data. "Don't login on shared computers and verify your account security setting," she added. --IANS qd/na/vt (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On South Korea | News-ians | Business-economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Free Brokerage for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Google pushes HTTPS for web security A HTTPS-based website is a safer way to protect users from possible security attacks, the security director at Google has said, emphasising that major South Korean search engines do not support this system. A HTTPS-based website is a safer way to protect users from possible security attacks, the security director at Google has said, emphasising that major South Korean search engines do not support this system. "Top websites in (South) Korea that don't support HTTPS are Naver and Daum. It's not just a problem for (South) Korea but a challenge for the world and the developers," said Parisa Tabriz. Tabriz heads the team who protects Google Chrome and its billions of users from criminal hackers, Yonhap news agency reported. Google began adding security warnings for websites that do not use strong encryptions beginning in 2017, putting a clear "Not secure" warning next to online websites that use unencrypted HTTP connections rather than encrypted HTTPS connections. Tabriz said HTTP websites, which account for nearly half of the world's websites, are vulnerable to attacks that Google calls in security terms, "man in the middle." "Encryption will give the security we need. HTTPS does not solve all security problems, but it provides a foundation for this," she said. As to some complaints that Google's HTTPS policy may be expensive and time-consuming, the security expert said switching to HTTPS is not easy but necessary. "It is just a misconception that there is cost. It was true 10 years ago, but cost is no longer true for today," the Iranian-American hacker who protects Google said. "Without the HTTPS, there is no privacy. We also published a transparency report," she said, adding that HTTPS websites have steadily increased during the past one year with Google's effort. As for general security, she advised Internet uses not to reuse or use the same password for different websites since hackers know this, and they will attack the weakest website to obtain personal data. "Don't login on shared computers and verify your account security setting," she added. --IANS qd/na/vt (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Google pushes HTTPS for web security A HTTPS-based website is a safer way to protect users from possible security attacks, the security director at Google has said, emphasising that major South Korean search engines do not support this system. "Top websites in (South) Korea that don't support HTTPS are Naver and Daum. It's not just a problem for (South) Korea but a challenge for the world and the developers," said Parisa Tabriz. Tabriz heads the team who protects Google Chrome and its billions of users from criminal hackers, Yonhap news agency reported. Google began adding security warnings for websites that do not use strong encryptions beginning in 2017, putting a clear "Not secure" warning next to online websites that use unencrypted HTTP connections rather than encrypted HTTPS connections. Tabriz said HTTP websites, which account for nearly half of the world's websites, are vulnerable to attacks that Google calls in security terms, "man in the middle." "Encryption will give the security we need. HTTPS does not solve all security problems, but it provides a foundation for this," she said. As to some complaints that Google's HTTPS policy may be expensive and time-consuming, the security expert said switching to HTTPS is not easy but necessary. "It is just a misconception that there is cost. It was true 10 years ago, but cost is no longer true for today," the Iranian-American hacker who protects Google said. "Without the HTTPS, there is no privacy. We also published a transparency report," she said, adding that HTTPS websites have steadily increased during the past one year with Google's effort. As for general security, she advised Internet uses not to reuse or use the same password for different websites since hackers know this, and they will attack the weakest website to obtain personal data. "Don't login on shared computers and verify your account security setting," she added. --IANS qd/na/vt (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Middle-east Arab News Opinion | Asharq Al-awsat 5 of the Most Anticipated Tablets in 2017 - ASHARQ AL-AWSAT English English edition of Asharq Al-Awsat - the world’s premier pan-Arab daily. News, Politics, Middle-East, Saudi Arabia, Oponion, and Lots more... ENGLISH EDITION OF ASHARQ AL-AWSAT فارسي FA عربی AR اردو UR Middle East Middle East Saudi Arabia to Inaugurate Longest Rail by End of February U.N.: South Sudan War Reaches ‘Catastrophic Proportions’ UAE Foreign Ministry Strategy Includes Establishment of Export-Import Bank Guterres Calls for more Action to ‘Match Generosity’ of Syria Neighboring Countries Life Sentence for Emirati Found Guilty of Joining Terrorist Group Qatari FM: Talks with Tillerson Focused on Countering Terrorism World World White House Downplays ‘Flynn’s Scandal’ by Criticizing Intelligence, Media US Defense Secretary James Mattis Threatens to Reduce NATO Commitment U.S. Senate Approves Assigning Mnuchin Treasury Secretary Belgian Fighter Sentenced to Jail for Murder in Syria U.S. Stores Stop Promoting Ivanka Trump’s Products Trump Blames Flynn’s Resignation on ‘Illegal Leaks’ Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia Saudi Cabinet Values U.S. Recognition of Kingdom’s Efforts to Counter Terrorism Saudi-Turkish Summit in Riyadh Today Saudi Leadership Sends Cable of Condolences on Kabul Bombing Victims Saudi Arabia to Partake in ‘Aman 17’ Naval Exercise Al-Awamiyah Riots..Five Years Later: The State Prevails Tatarstan President: Russia, Islamic Countries to Meet in Saudi Arabia | Opinion Opinion ‘Reform’ Isn’t the Answer for Everything The Case for Cluelessness Tolerating Each Other and Accepting the Map Do Trump’s Threats Serve Iran? Assad Living his Alternative Reality Turkey and the Risks of Syria’s Decisiveness Features Features Report of Military Balance: ISIS Threatens Europe, Iran’s Missiles Raise Global Concern As ISIS Loses Territory, it Seeks to Survive Online European Fundamentalism…’Metaphysics of the Current Scene’ ISIS Uses Women, Children as Human Shields Should Western Powers Ban The Muslim Brotherhood As A Terrorist Group? Jordan’s Security Interests in Southern Syria Lifestyle Book Reviews A Rainbow That Makes the Heart Leap Aleppo: A City That Refuses to Die The Crossing Between the Ayatollah and the Marquis Fashion ‘Net-a-Porter’ Cooperates with Five International Designers to Serve Arab Woman The New Markets Enjoy Decent Fashion Designs Fashion, Politics to Dedicate 2017 to Women Out of Fashion: How Men Could Fall off the Catwalk Sports Bayern’s Manuel Neuer: ‘I’ve Seen Arsenal Play Quite Often. I’m Prepared’ Manchester City’s Pep Guardiola must Use his Head over Joe Hart English Football’s Overseas Arrivals Who Began with a Gabriel Jesus-Style Bang Claudio Ranieri’s Persistence Fails to Recognise Leicester System Failure Entertainment The Best New Podcasts of 2016 Arab Film Institute (AFI) Launched during DIFF 2016 Inside a Fake News Sausage Factory: ‘This Is All About Income’ American Rock Sensation Bob Dylan Awarded Nobel Prize in Literature Technology 5 of the Most Anticipated Tablets in 2017 Asharq Al-Awsat1 day agoFebruary 15, 2017 107 Apple iPad ProREUTERS/Stephen Lam Saudi Arabia to Inaugurate Longest Rail by End of February - U.N.: South Sudan War Reaches 'Catastrophic Proportions' - EU Report Forecasts Turkish Growth at 2.8% in 2017 - UAE Foreign Ministry Strategy Includes Establishment of Export-Import Bank - Guterres Calls for more Action to ‘Match Generosity’ of Syria Neighboring Countries - Life Sentence for Emirati Found Guilty of Joining Terrorist Group - Report of Military Balance: ISIS Threatens Europe, Iran’s Missiles Raise Global Concern - Qatari FM: Talks with Tillerson Focused on Countering Terrorism - Rouhani in Oman, Kuwait to Ease Tension - Trump Pledges to Move U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem London – Traditional tablets are still the top choice for casual use and entertainment, and here are five tablets that fans are hoping will get a refresh in 2017. Anticipated designs: iPad Air 3: Apple typically reveals its new products in the fall, however, the company surprised everyone and revealed the iPad Pro 9.7-inch last spring. The NERO Magazine stated that Apple may reveal the iPad 16 GB Air3, with thinner screen and water-resistant design for USD600. However, sources told that Apple plans to reveal three types of tablets with different sizes this spring. NeuroGadget also reported that, to compete with the Microsoft Surface, the iPad Air 3 is expected to ship with the Apple Pencil. Galaxy Tab S3 took a strong swing at Apple iPad Air2 by offering a similar design and the same level of performance. Google Chrome OS: Google recently announced that all Chromebooks released in 2017 will be compatible with Android apps. During an interview with Verge Magazine, Google’s Rajen Sheth, director of product for Android and Chrome said that the company is working on making Chrome OS more touch-friendly. . Advanced Samples ASUS ZenPad 3S, 10 LTE is an update to last year’s Asus ZenPad 3S 10, featuring a Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 processor, LTE capabilities, 4GB of RAM and 32GB of storage. ASUS has developed the performance of its tablets and claimed that the new model gets 16 hours of battery life. ASUS ZenPad 3s 10 LTE does not only provide a great performance, it also boasts a thin-lightweight design. While it’s been announced, the device isn’t available outside Malaysia yet, but it’s expected to sell for around $400 once it hits the U.S. Tablet Amazon Fire: if all you want is a device to play a few mobile games or watch movies the Amazon Fire family not only includes affordable tablets, but a range of devices that offer different levels of performance. The last update came in September, when Amazon released Fire Tablet HD8, with high storage capacities and durable service battery. Asharq Al-Awsat Asharq Al-Awsat is the world’s premier pan-Arab daily newspaper, printed simultaneously each day on four continents in 14 cities. Launched in London in 1978, Asharq Al-Awsat has established itself as the decisive publication on pan-Arab and international affairs, offering its readers in-depth analysis and exclusive editorials, as well as the most comprehensive coverage of the entire Arab world. More Posts - Twitter - Facebook - Google Plus - YouTube Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Related AndroidAppleGoogleSmart DevicesTablets Previous ArticleSaudi-British Projects Set to GrowNext ArticleJordan, Lebanon Call for Sustaining Ceasefire in Syria What’s Trending Amaq – 24/7 News Agency Run by ISIS 33584 Saudi Sources: the Ultimate Solution in Yemen will Put an End to the Militias 25023 Crown Prince Patronizes Deluge 6 Exercise 21744 Air Strikes Target al Qaeda in Yemen, Troops Capture Aden District 20137 10,000 More Syrian Refugees to Be Taken in by Canada 19617 Join our social media 264kFans 126kFollowers 216Followers Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awsat Newsletter Email address PRINT SUBSCRIPTIONS DISTRIBUTION ADVERTISING TERMS & CONDITIONS PRIVACY STATEMENT ABOUT US SUBMISSIONS © Copyright 2016 Asharq Al Awsat - Sub Division of SRPC - Site Last updated February 16, 2017 9:40 am Middle East Opinion Saudi Arabia Features World Lifestyle This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Click to continue Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awast English Newsletter Email address
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   intice Press Release Receive press releases from intice: By Email PDF Version RSS Feeds: intice® Named Google Premier Partner Intice has officially qualified to receive the Google Premier Partner status. The Premier Partner status is the highest designation Google presents to Digital Agencies and is only provided to companies that provide the highest level of customer satisfaction and quality results for it's clients. Tampa, FL, February 15, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Intice is excited to announce that they have officially qualified to receive the Google Premier Partner status. The Partner badge shows that Google recognizes Intice as an AdWords certified partner. Additionally, Google only awards leading companies that meet additional certification and performance requirements the Premier Partner badge. Qualifying for Premier Partner status is a collective effort as a team and is the highest designation Google presents to Digital Agencies. It is only provided to companies that provide the highest level of customer satisfaction and quality results for it's clients. "Premier Partners have completed extensive technical training and met a rigorous set of criteria to qualify for Premier status. Their strong expertise working with customers building on the Google Platform will help to ensure that no aspect of your next big project is left to chance." - Google Intice's focus is the dealer, helping them be more successful and effective when it comes to their digital marketing strategy, including; Search, Display, Video and Lead Conversion, shaping the online purchase journey and the internal sales process. "In Digital Marketing, more has changed in the last 12 months than the preceding 12 Years and for dealers that continue to increase their digital marketing investments, they deserve to be utilizing the very best that Google has to offer," said CEO, David Farmer. "We do the work necessary to stay on top of every change that Google makes, so to become experts in every aspect of the Google AdWords Platform. Everyday we continue to work hard to help dealers be as effective as they can to sell and service more cars. Being presented with the Premier Partner status is validation that our work has not gone unnoticed." Contact Information intice Marissa Marazzi 855-747-7770 Contact intice.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from intice Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
News Election 2017 Business Counties Sports Blogs & Opinion Life and Style News Politics Africa World Latest News Senate in bid to revive Sh1bn oversight fund Burkina Faso's ex-leader to be tried in March Heritage Insurance accounts frozen Facebook introduces a new job hunting feature Election 2017 Latest Election 2017 NATION AGENDA: Former allies lock horns in epic election duel NATION AGENDA: Commission to get varsity education back on track NATION AGENDA: The government should give priority to public safety NATION AGENDA: System shifts focus to quality learning; we must Business Corporates Enterprise Technology Seeds of Gold Latest Business Investors get relief as advance capital gains tax stopped Heritage Insurance accounts frozen in Sh100m pay row Smartphone maker Huawei catching up on Samsung, Apple Counties Coast Eastern Mount Kenya Northern North Rift South Rift Nyanza-Kisii Western Latest Counties Mt Kenya counties seek Sh770m to fight drought Mbugua tells off Joho over Naivasha dry port project You can’t touch me, Kaimenyi tells Njuri Ncheke faction Suspected bandits kill teacher in Baringo Sports Football Athletics Rugby Golf Others TalkUp Latest Sports Draymond Green slams Knicks owner over Oakley spat Bolt, Biles win 2016 Laureus Awards LeBron leads Cavaliers into break with win over Pacers Benzema makes Real Madrid click - Zidane Blogs & Opinion Blogs Commentaries Editorial Cartoons Latest Blogs & Opinion WANDERA: City cathedral’s centenary and a legacy of struggle for KAMAU, TIENDREBEOGO: Genetically modified cotton is risky WEDA: Why Nasa agenda is just about power Life and Style Art & Culture Family Health Showbiz Travel Women & Style Magazines Latest Life and Style ADHD a 'brain disorder', not just bad behaviour: study Vitamin D can protect against colds, flu: study Bite-mimicking malaria vaccine shows promise: studies Accommodation made easy = Home Life and Style Showbiz YouTube star PewDiePie dumped over anti-Semitic videos Wednesday February 15 2017 email print This file photo taken on October 28, 2015 shows PewDiePie at Barnes & Noble Union Square in New York. Disney has cut ties with YouTube's most watched blogger PewDiePie for posting several videos containing anti-Semitic remarks and Nazi references, the Wall Street Journal said February 14, 2017. PHOTO | JOHN LAMPARSKI |  AFP In Summary "Scare PewDiePie" was program that YouTube ordered for its online subscription service. In December, PewDiePie accused YouTube of trying to "kill" his channel and has threatened to shut it down, a move that turned out to be a publicity stunt. Advertisement By AFP More by this Author LOS ANGELES YouTube's most watched blogger PewDiePie will lose his preferred status on the Google-owned video service after posting several videos containing anti-Semitic remarks and Nazi references, the tech firm said Tuesday. YouTube said it was cancelling a popular program from the 27-year-old Swede, whose real name is Felix Kjellberg, the same day Disney said it was cutting its ties with the social media star. PewDiePie — known for posting humorous clips to his more than 53 million followers on YouTube — will be sanctioned for violating the platform's guidelines on hate speech, Google said Tuesday. "We've decided to cancel the release of 'Scare PewDiePie Season 2' and we're removing the PewDiePie channel from Google Preferred," a statement from the US tech giant said. "Scare PewDiePie" was program that YouTube ordered for its online subscription service. Google Preferred is a program that allows advertisers to direct their messages to the key 18- to 34-year-old demographic, with an implicit guarantee that the participation won't hurt their brand. The moves won't keep PewDiePie off YouTube but will likely limit his audience and could sharply curtail his revenue from advertising. Separately Disney indicated it was ending its business relationship with the Swedish media star. "Although Felix has created a following by being provocative and irreverent, he clearly went too far in this case and the resulting videos are inappropriate," according to a statement to AFP by Disney's Maker Studios. PewDiePie, who had editorial independence under the terms of the arrangement with Disney, reportedly paid two Indian men five dollars to hold the banner reading "Death to all Jews" while they laugh and dance in the January 11 video. "I was trying to show how crazy the modern world is, specifically some of the services available online," Kjellberg said in a Tumblr blog post on February 12. "I picked something that seemed absurd to me — that people on Fiverr would say anything for 5 dollars," referring to a website that helps freelancers receive part-time work. The Wall Street Journal reported PewDiePie had posted nine videos that display anti-Semitic jokes and Nazi references since August. One of them shows a man dressed as Jesus Christ, saying "Hitler did absolutely nothing wrong." "I think it's important to say something and I want to make one thing clear: I am in no way supporting any kind of hateful attitudes," the YouTube star said in the blog post. Kjellberg is a top earner on YouTube, making roughly $14.5 million (13.6 million euros) last year, according to reported estimates from social media data firm NeoReach. That amount includes splitting ad revenue with YouTube, as well as sponsorships and appearance fees. In December, PewDiePie accused YouTube of trying to "kill" his channel and has threatened to shut it down, a move that turned out to be a publicity stunt. email print In the headlines Election Budget to fulfil pledges, woo voters - VIDEO Infrastructure gets lion’s share as laptops, energy, security, education, rail, agriculture well Burkina Faso's ex-leader to be tried in March Blaise Compaore lost power after 27 years following a popular uprising in October 2014. Doctors in Zimbabwe strike for better pay Radio journalists shot dead mid-broadcast Trump dodges questions as Russia scandal deepens Boy, 2, killed in shooting streamed live on Facebook Patients abandoned in private hospital go-slow - VIDEO Doctors: We won't yield in seeking higher pay - VIDEO Latest: Life and Style Health, Science and Environment ADHD a 'brain disorder', not just bad behaviour: study   Health, Science and Environment Vitamin D can protect against colds, flu: study   Health, Science and Environment Bite-mimicking malaria vaccine shows promise: studies   DN2 Accommodation made easy   DN2 World Bank ranks Dar real estate ahead of Nairobi’s   DN2 Portland Cement looking to to sell idle land to raise cash   DN2 Real estate depressed as investors hold back   LATEST FROM NAIROBI NEWS LATEST NTV VIDEOS Kenyans to pay Ksh 188b more for Ksh 2.62 trillion budget Aga Khan graduation: Sixty students graduate in the field of medicine Private institutions shut in support of doctors’ strike #HealthCrisisKE Seychellois nationals charged with narcotics possession Kenyan tea in Russia: Country reaches out to the far north for new markets Watch More Videos Contact Us FAQ E-papers About Us Business Daily Daily Monitor Nairobi News NTV The Citizen The EastAfrican
Log in or Sign up Submit Post Advertise Search titles only Posted by Member: Separate names with a comma. Newer Than: Search this thread only Search this forum only Display results as threads Useful Searches Recent Posts More... Menu Home News Hub Article Hub Video Hub Competition Hub1 Competition Hub Quick Links Competition Index Rules, Terms & Conditions Market Hub Member's Hub Menu Home > Article Hub > Nigeria Gadgets & Tech Articles > Google Pixel Phone: The Iphone Killer? Discussion in 'Nigeria Gadgets & Tech Articles' started by Samguine, Feb 11, 2017 at 9:59 AM. Views count: 1391 Tags: google pixel ipone phone nd gadet pixel pixel phones Samguine Social Member Curators With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers decided to wait and see what Google had to offer. It turns out that Google updated the Android operating system and added features that are similar to the iPhone, which is something customers have wanted. But Google did more than just add features to compete with the iPhone, Google took everything that was good about the Android and made it better. Now it looks like Apple may, once again, have competition in the smartphone industry that is too much to handle. Apple's Iron Fist The iPhone has great features like allowing families to share applications and offering a high quality camera in a phone format. But Apple has, from day one of the iPhone, had an iron fist about allowing users to do whatever they want with their phones. Apple constantly forces users to use its iCloud service for storing photos and videos, and it is impossible to do anything on the iPhone without first getting Apple's approval by entering your password. Android users who switched to iPhones found the constant need to enter their password annoying, and they were also turned off by the inability to personalize an iPhone without paying a lot of money. Almost every iPhone app costs something, and the selection of apps for the iPhone is small compared to the Android system. The Versatility of the Pixel Google has put family app sharing on the Pixel, but it still needs work. The Galaxy line was plagued with technical issues that eventually saw the popularity of the line disappear. Google has repaired those errors, and added more versatility to the Android OS. The Pixel allows you to store your data on any cloud platform you want, and the Pixel also has several more options for allowing users to customize their phones. Even something as simple as changing a ringtone on the iPhone requires a four-step operation. It is much simpler to make changes on the Pixel than it could ever be on the iPhone. With the iPhone, you cannot add any app that is not sold on the Apple app store. With the Pixel, you can download and use any app you want from any source. The Pixel, as with other Android devices, does not require a password to execute every function, and the Pixel has dramatically streamlined the OS upgrade process. The iPhone Killer? The Pixel is a quality smartphone that offers versatility and freedom to the user. The iPhone still maintains tight control over what a user can download, how the user's phone looks and how the user's phone operates. After just one day with the Pixel, any iPhone user will realize just how little freedom they have when they use an iPhone. Is the Pixel the iPhone killer? The tech media is already heralding the arrival of the Pixel as the next step in smartphone technology. Apple's desire to maximize profits on its iPhones has created a situation where users are forced to choose from a limited amount of options, and the iPhone forces users to stay solely within the Apple universe. The versatility and user friendly nature of the Pixel are definitely going to give the iPhone a run for its money. --- This article appears as part of the Nigerian Bulletin Weekly (NB Weekly) Click here to Download your free copy now   Last edited by a moderator: Feb 12, 2017 at 1:32 PM Samguine, Feb 11, 2017 at 9:59 AM #1 You may like Comments curator Administrator Curators I really, really, really want one but not during this recession!   curator, Feb 12, 2017 at 2:38 PM #2 ese Administrator How much is it?   ese, Feb 12, 2017 at 7:26 PM #3 RemmyAlex Social Member Curators curator said: ↑ I really, really, really want one but not during this recession! Click to expand... Recession is just a word - Kemi Adeosun 2016 Besides, your salary is in Naira - (Asiwaju Bola Tinubu) and the phone price is in Naira. All things being equal, you can still afford the gadget. It has awesome features.   RemmyAlex, Feb 12, 2017 at 8:21 PM #4 Samguine Social Member Curators ese said: ↑ How much is it? Click to expand... $650 for the 32GB $750 for the 128GB   Samguine, Feb 13, 2017 at 8:19 AM #5 Samguine Social Member Curators The battery capacity is a drawback   Samguine, Feb 15, 2017 at 8:41 AM #6 [You must log in or sign up to reply here.] Show Ignored Content Log in with Facebook Your name or email address: Do you already have an account? No, create an account now. Yes, my password is: Forgot your password? Stay logged in Today's Exchange Rate Currency Interbank Rate Market rate USD 305 510 GBP 378 625 EUR 324 535 Competitions Nigeria Quiz: Nigeria's Top Daily News Snapshot - 14-02-2017 (Day 254) Samguine Nigeria Quiz: Top 10 Crime Areas In Lagos (Day 253) Samguine Sponsored Posts What To Do If Your Partner Has A Terminal Illness Samguine Feb 9, 2017 0 comments Lily Hospital: Introduction To Affordable and Successful Fertility Services In Nigeria Samguine Feb 8, 2017 0 comments Wole Olu Signatures: Celebrate Valentine In Style Samguine Feb 8, 2017 0 comments Gionee M6 Phone: The New Way To A Man's Heart Samguine Feb 8, 2017 2 comments Unveiling The Gionee M6 Mirror: A Phone Bigger Than Your Needs Samguine Jan 31, 2017 0 comments Sponsor Nigerian Bulletin Featured Article Google Pixel Phone: The Iphone Killer? With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci... Samguine Feb 15, 2017 at 8:41 AM 5 comments Featured Video [Video] Nigeria 15-02-2017: Trump-Buhari Phone Call and Today's Other News Highlights This video highlights the top news updates in Nigeria as we saw it on Nigerian Bulletin on Wednesday, 15 February, 2017 ------ [SIZE=4] [URL='https://www.nigerianbulletin.com/threads/shiite-members-visit-ndigbo-community-leader-photos.233157/'... Oluogunjobi Feb 15, 2017 at 4:29 PM 0 comments Trending posts NB Daily Recharge: Comments From NB Competition Winners Samguine Feb 15, 2017 at 10:55 PM 76 comments Buhari Has Shortchanged Ndigbo, I Regret My Role In 2015 Elections - Okorocha RemmyAlex Feb 15, 2017 at 11:49 AM 0 comments Nigeria's Power Sector Attracts $1Bn Investment, After Trump-Buhari Call RemmyAlex Feb 15, 2017 at 2:35 PM 0 comments Saraki, Dogara Head To London To See President Buhari RemmyAlex Feb 15, 2017 at 3:06 PM 0 comments Osinbajo Showers Praises on Wike, Gives Him Nickname RemmyAlex Feb 15, 2017 at 4:25 PM 0 comments Latest Comments But Osibanjo is acting president with full powers!!! Full executive powers without legislative power. We now have - Federal Republic Of Abuja House, London by RemmyAlex, Feb 16, 2017 at 10:45 AM Trump just wants to sell military hardware to Nigeria by curator, Feb 16, 2017 at 9:01 AM I pray God will have mercy on you by chyfirst, Feb 16, 2017 at 8:02 AM Ghen Ghen ...Nokia 3310 vs Iphone 6 - Where is @Samguine? Lol. Iphones any time, any day. by Samguine, Feb 16, 2017 at 7:29 AM Prices of drugs skyrocket in Nigeria is the 8th news but its not there in the option by Adisa Habeeb, Feb 16, 2017 at 6:23 AM Company About Privacy Use Terms Advertise Contact Sitemap News Hub Politics News Business News Metro News World News Entertainment News Sports News Article Hub Jobs & Careers Money & Finance Cars & Technology Travel Health & Living Life Line Sponsored Posts Video Hub General Life & Living Social Fun Music & Movies Business Subscribe Log in Register Email Newsletter Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Menu Home News Hub Article Hub Video Hub Competition Hub1 Competition Hub Quick Links Competition Index Rules, Terms & Conditions Market Hub Member's Hub Menu NigerianBulletin.com is one of Nigeria's leading on-line destinations for the latest Nigerian trending news and updates, helpful articles and a community sharing the best, latest information on Nigeria and things that concern Nigerians. Some of the topics we cover include Nigerian political news, metro, sports, business and entertainment. In addition we provide articles on careers, health, technology, travel and money. These articles are designed to help Nigerians make informed decisions in their every day personal and professional lives. Terms and Rules Privacy Policy
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Budget 2017 SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Google pushes HTTPS for web security Google pushes HTTPS for web security Source : Last Updated: Wed, Feb 15, 2017 13:20 hrs Tweet Mail Print Seoul, Feb 15 (IANS) A HTTPS-based website is a safer way to protect users from possible security attacks, the security director at Google has said, emphasing that major South Korean search engines do not support this system. "Top websites in (South) Korea that don't support HTTPS are Naver and Daum. It's not just a problem for (South) Korea but a challenge for the world and the developers," said Parisa Tabriz. Tabriz heads the team who protects Google Chrome and its billions of users from criminal hackers, Yonhap news agency reported. Google began adding security warnings for websites that do not use strong encryptions beginning in 2017, putting a clear "Not secure" warning next to online websites that use unencrypted HTTP connections rather than encrypted HTTPS connections. Tabriz said HTTP websites, which account for nearly half of the world's websites, are vulnerable to attacks that Google calls in security terms, "man in the middle." "Encryption will give the security we need. HTTPS does not solve all security problems, but it provides a foundation for this," she said. As to some complaints that Google's HTTPS policy may be expensive and time-consuming, the security expert said switching to HTTPS is not easy but necessary. "It is just a misconception that there is cost. It was true 10 years ago, but cost is no longer true for today," the Iranian-American hacker who protects Google said. "Without the HTTPS, there is no privacy. We also published a transparency report," she said, adding that HTTPS websites have steadily increased during the past one year with Google's effort. As for general security, she advised Internet uses not to reuse or use the same password for different websites since hackers know this, and they will attack the weakest website to obtain personal data. "Don't login on shared computers and verify your account security setting," she added. --IANS qd/na/vt SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features AIADMK's shoe politics 'Lioness' Sasikala's fate 'Lioness' Sasikala's fate Floor test for Sasikala When PM Modi ridiculed Manmohan Singh and Rahul Gandhi About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 15 February 2017 | MYT 3:00 PM Without big YouTube star, Google faces setback in content plans by mark bergenandlucas shaw Oops he did it again: YouTube determined that some of Kjellberg’s videos violated its standards for advertiser-friendly content, so the company dropped Kjellberg from Google Preferred and cancelled the second season of his show for YouTube Red. — AFP In December, Felix Kjellberg threatened to take his star power off YouTube.  Turns out, it was a ruse. The Swede behind the PewDiePie character admitted in a video that he was trying to boost his YouTube fan numbers to more than 50 million. Irreverence like this has turned him into the biggest celebrity on YouTube and helped the Google site become the world’s largest online video service.  Until, late on Feb 13, it became a liability. Google said it was removing PewDiePie’s channel from its premium advertising service and cancelling his YouTube series after he published videos with anti-Semitic messages.  The controversy is a setback for YouTube’s strategy of promoting premium content that attracts top advertising rates, and its newer attempt to get viewers to pay for original TV shows and movies. Kjellberg’s series “Scare PewDiePie” was one of the shows on this subscription service, known as YouTube Red.  YouTube’s programming strategy is devoted to the young, aspiring filmmakers, video bloggers and sketch comedians that first used the site. Unlike Netflix Inc and Amazon.com Inc, which have spent billions of dollars on programming from professionals already working in the Hollywood system, YouTube has funded original shows from PewDiePie, Joey Graceffa and Rhett & Link.  These stars help YouTube stand out from the crowd, but are harder to control. They built large followings speaking their minds without the filter of a producer or the restraints of a traditional media company.  Dropped by maker  The antics of YouTube stars are subject to greater scrutiny since large media companies gobbled up many of YouTube’s biggest channels. PewDiePie’s freewheeling style didn’t sit well at Walt Disney Co, whose Maker Studios cut ties with Kjellberg earlier on Feb 13 in response to the videos. The Wall Street Journal first reported on Disney’s move.  YouTube determined that some of Kjellberg’s videos violated its standards for advertiser-friendly content.  However, YouTube decided that the videos didn’t cross its threshold for hate speech, which specifies that content must be intended to incite violence.  So the company dropped Kjellberg from Google Preferred, its white-glove service for brand-safe ads, and cancelled the second season of his show for YouTube Red. It didn’t remove Kjellberg’s videos from its site, nor restrict him from the regular system that drives most YouTube ads. A YouTube spokeswoman declined to comment further on the decision.  'One Creator’  For Google, the public rebuke of YouTube’s biggest star won’t materially affect advertising sales. YouTube sells most of its ad in bulk, not around particular channels. And PewDiePie, though popular, accounts for a tiny fraction of overall viewership on a video site where thousands of channels have millions of subscribers.  ”It’s one creator,” said Richard Greenfield, an analyst at BTIG LLC. “YouTube is far, far stronger than any one creator.”  Still, the move may put other YouTube creators on notice.   While removing the offending videos from premium ad deals was warranted, YouTube may risk pushing away creators if its standards look too stringent, said Jill Sherman, senior vice president at advertising agency DigitasLBi.  “The second it feels policed or overly mandated, it starts to feel like prime-time television,” she said. “And that’s exactly what YouTube doesn’t want.”  Google doesn’t disclose YouTube revenue, but has said repeatedly that it is, along with mobile ads, a primary driver of growth. During the fourth quarter, Ruth Porat, chief financial officer of Google parent Alphabet Inc, said YouTube was seeing “tremendous growth.”   She wouldn’t share how many paid subscribers YouTube Red has. “We’re pleased with the early success,” Porat said. “It’s still early days. It takes a while to build a subscription business here.” — Bloomberg Related Stories You May Be Interested Toshiba to delay chip business sale to next year: Kyodo China’s Huawei, Philippine telco join forces in 5G deal Jaguar fuels in-car innovation with its latest app Toshiba shares tumble as bigger stake in chip unit likely up for sale Facebook shutters hundreds of Oculus VR demo stations at Best Buy stores Apple struggles to make big deals, hampering strategy shifts Others Also Read Brilliant Bayern fire on all cylinders to out-gun Arsenal Made to match an active lifestyle Jakarta election: Can we leave religion, race out of runoff? advertisement Latest News Carpool and save with GrabShare Ukraine says Russian state hackers using new viruses for attacks Canada’s Shopify reports bigger loss as expenses soar Pokémon Go: The universe expands Tired of screen addicts, Vienna café says phone juice costs extra Most Viewed in Tech Pokémon Go: The universe expands Nokia 3310 on the comeback trail: report Tired of screen addicts, Vienna café says phone juice costs extra Canada’s Shopify reports bigger loss as expenses soar Carpool and save with GrabShare Stand up to cancer Huawei said to plan its own voice assistant for smartphones Lenovo’s profit misses estimates after PC rivals erode lead Ukraine says Russian state hackers using new viruses for attacks Smartphone maker Huawei catching up on Samsung, Apple: study Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Business Like Follow Follow Google's self-driving car engineers made so much money that they quit 4.5k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? ohn Krafcik, CEO of Waymo, debuts a customized Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid that will be used for Google's autonomous vehicle program at the 2017 North American International Auto Show. Image: bill pugliano/Getty Images By Emma Hinchliffe2017-02-14 16:33:28 UTC The engineers building self-driving cars for Google had an unusual problem. They made so much money that they quit.  Google paid its staffers on Waymo, its self-driving car division, such huge salaries and bonuses that they had enough money to give up stable jobs at the tech company, Bloomberg reported.  The "unusual compensation system" was based on the success of Waymo, not Google itself. Employees' bonuses and equity were multiplied by as much as 16 in one case, Bloomberg said, putting employees' compensation in the multi-millions.  SEE ALSO: Google's Waymo self-driving platform shows big improvements The system rewarded engineers for Waymo's success — even though Waymo has yet to produce an actual self-driving car. The division, however, did reach key milestones that prompted the multiplied bonuses.  The "f—- you money," as employees called it, was too much even for Google. Employees left to start Otto, the self-driving trucking company acquired by Uber, and Argo AI, which just got a $1 billion investment from Ford.  Newer employees won't have the same problem at Waymo. They're being paid on a more normal system, where their bonuses won't get multiplied by 16.  BONUS: This robot is all legs and can deliver your groceries Topics: Business, Google, self-driving cars, waymo About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Identity disorder: Does GDS need Verify more than we do? Cloud industry body sets up new data protection code Reg tours submarine cable survey ship 'Geo Resolution' Revealed: Web servers used by disk-nuking Shamoon cyberweapon Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Data centre locations Reg tours submarine cable survey ship 'Geo Resolution' Xen Project wants permission to reveal fewer vulnerabilities Global IPv4 address drought: Seriously, we're done now. We're done Talk of tech innovation is bullsh*t. Shut up and get the work done – says Linus Torvalds IBM hooks up with Hortonworks to Hadoop Big Blue products Oracle hatches 'incubator' OpenJDK APIs idea Two words, Mozilla: SPEED! NOW! Quit fiddling and get serious Revealed: Web servers used by disk-nuking Shamoon cyberweapon Crypto-curious? Wickr's opened its kimono for code review ITU ponders whether blockchain belongs in its security standards As Microsoft touts Windows Insider for biz, let's take a look at W10's broken 2FA logins Cloud industry body sets up new data protection code World to spend US$2.4 TRILLION on tech in 2017 Brought to you by UK.gov: 'Most ambitious programme of change of any government anywhere in the world' Wow, what an incredible 12 months: 2017's data center year in review GitLab invokes the startup defence to explain data loss woes With nearly 1m users on its books, DigitalOcean touts load balancers Continuous Lifecycle London: More workshops, more speakers Why software engineers should ditch Silicon Valley for Austin Policy The Channel Identity disorder: Does GDS need Verify more than we do? Cisco shrinks: Revenue, profit and margin all dipped in Q2 2017 Hold the phone! Crap customer service cost telcos £2.9 BEEEELLION in 2016 Hutchison's 3UK and Google push 3.5 GHz on both sides of the pond Vinyl, filofaxes – why not us too, pleads Nokia Apple joins one wireless power group, the other one responds with so-happy forced grin Voila! Bazinga! Amazon turns Alexa into an annoying 'cool' aunt Crack in black: Matte iPhones losing paint at alarming rate, gripe fans SPB Geek's Guide Baby supernova spotted, just three hours old and a real cutie Get it while it's hot: NASA's Space Poo contest winners wipe up $30k Finally, a use for your mobile phone: Snapping ALIEN signal blurts GRAPHENE: £120m down, UK.gov finds it's still a long way from commercial potential Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Watch how Google's starving DeepMind AI turns hostile, attacks other bots to survive You know IoT security is bad when libertarians call for strict regulation Microsoft offers drone lovers a simulator What have you learned about machine learning and AI? Verity Stob Kings College London bods recruit members for penis ring study Get orf the air over moi land Irish farmer roars at drones All of Blighty's attack submarines are out of action – report You want WHO?! Reg readers vote Tom Baker for Doctor 13. Of course More like this Google Malware Rsa Android Security Google claims ‘massive’ Stagefright Android bug had 'sod all effect' And hackers didn't have much luck either with other flaws in the mobe OS Senior Googler ... Adrian Ludwig at this year's RSA conference 15 Feb 2017 at 07:27, Iain Thomson RSA USA Despite shrill wailings by computer security experts over vulnerabilities in Android, Google claims very, very few of people have ever suffered at the hands of its bugs. Speaking at the RSA security conference in San Francisco on Tuesday, Adrian Ludwig, director of Android security, said the Stagefright hole – which prompted the Chocolate Factory to start emitting low-level security patches on a monthly basis – did put 95 per cent of Android devices at risk of attack. However, there have been no “confirmed” cases of infections via the bug, Ludwig claimed. It was a similar story for the MasterKey vulnerability that was spotted in 2013, he said. In that case, 99 per cent of Android devices were vulnerable, but exploits abusing the security blunder peaked at less than eight infections per million users, it was claimed. And there were no exploits for the hole before details of the flaw were made public. He also cited the 2014 FakeID flaw, disclosed at Black Hat that year. This affected 82 per cent of Android users but exploits peaked at one infection per million users after the details were released, and none before that, we're told. Ludwig said he was sure of his figures, due to malware-detection routines, dubbed Verify Apps, in Google Play services, which is installed on more than 1.4 billion Android handhelds. Verify Apps reports back to Google when a software nasty is spotted on the device, allowing the web giant to tot up infection tallies. So, basically, Ludwig's claims and figures cover devices with Google Play services installed – Chinese and Amazon Android-based gadgets don't include this software and thus aren't part of the Googler's numbers. It also fitted a pattern he had noticed, that there isn't really any complex malware out there in the wild infecting Android devices. Software nasties tend to be sleazy apps, installed by punters, that do unpleasant things in the background, rather than malicious code that silently infects devices via webpages, text messages, and so on. “Most of the abuse we get isn’t interesting from a security perspective,” he said. “We see spamming ads for fake antivirus stuff but it’s really basic social engineering. Even if malware is installed it seldom involved privilege escalation, it primarily just downloads other apps.” The same thing seems to be happening in Apple's iOS world, too, he said. One reason could be that mobile operating systems are fairly well locked down, and present a restrictive environment to applications, benefiting from lessons learned from the PC industry. Basically, mobile OSes are too much of a PITA to develop exploits for. They have hardened kernels, app marketplaces patrolled or vetted by full-time staff, and mechanisms such as ASLR and strict sandboxing that hackers struggle to defeat. With more than a billion Android users out there, Ludwig's happy that Android's various security slip-ups seem to be getting headed off at the pass. ® Tips and corrections 27 Comments More from The Register Silence is golden: How Google hunts Android malware in the wild When mobes and gadgets stop verifying app installations, you're gonna have a bad time 20 Comments Google gets smooth early Android releases. OEMs are struggling Fiery Samsung's feeling drained 35 Comments Google melts 78 Android security holes, two of which were critical Chinese hackers thanked for help finding flaws 32 Comments Google hardwires its Android app store into new Chromebooks A big leap forward, you say? Tell that to the anti-trust authorities 76 Comments Google loses Android friends with Pixel exclusivity Maybe it doesn't need friends? But it should worry about fragmenting Android further 65 Comments Google knifes Eclipse Android Developer Tools Android Studio 2.2 beckons, because what choice is there? 15 Comments Whitepapers Nimble Storage Vision Drives to Leadership Position in Gartner Magic Quadrant Pioneering the use of predictive analytics and machine learning capabilities across the infrastructure stack. GDPR: Centralise Unstructured Data Governance across On-Premises and Cloud CIOs are also struggling to balance their desire for consolidation and centralised management with the need to meet the GDPR deadline and solve the immediate operational challenges. The business value of Red Hat CloudForms Red Hat CloudForms offers customers a unified vendor-agnostic platform for automating self-service provisioning and workload life-cycle management across hybrid multivendor virtualised, private cloud, public cloud, and container-based environments Customer Communication Management in the Cloud In 2016, the world of customer communications management (CCM), one of the core operational areas for enterprises in the financial sector. Most read Bruce Schneier: The US government is coming for YOUR code, techies Talk of tech innovation is bullsh*t. Shut up and get the work done – says Linus Torvalds Inside Confide, the chat app 'secretly used by Trump aides': OpenPGP, OpenSSL, and more GoDaddy CEO says US is 'tech illiterate' (so, yeah, don't shut off that cheap H-1B supply) Two words, Mozilla: SPEED! NOW! Quit fiddling and get serious Spotlight The Register's guide to protecting your data when visiting the US Despite the spiel, we're still some decades from true anti-malware AI Honeypots: Free psy-ops weapons that can protect your network before defences fail Cyber-spying, leaking to meddle in foreign politics is the New Normal Security hardened, pah! Expert doubts Kaymera's mighty Google's Pixel How to secure MongoDB – because it isn't by default and thousands of DBs are being hacked Because I'm bad, I'm bad, Shamoon: PC wiper tried to shut down Saudi snapshot defences Top cop: Strap Wi-Fi jammers to teen web crims as punishment Sponsored links All-Flash Arrays - A flash of brilliance or just a flash in the pan? Have your say in our reader survey Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Mint50 mutual fundsElection news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Leisure Last Modified: Thu, Feb 16 2017. 09 31 AM IST Preloaded apps are slowing down new Android smartphones Chances are, you just bought a new Android smartphone which already has many preloaded apps that you may not use. Here is how to get rid of the clutter Subscribe to our newsletter. Abhijit Ahaskar User can uninstall them by long pressing the app icon and dragging it to the top of the home page in UIs with no app drawer such as Xiaomi’s MIUI, Huawei’s Emotion UI or Oppo’s Colour OS. Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint. Google allows phone makers to make cosmetic changes to the Android user interface (UI) so they can differentiate their phones from that of their rivals. These changes give proprietary UIs a distinct character, but in many cases it also increases the clutter as phone makers tend to install apps and then sell you the phone. In most cases, you may not need any of those apps, yet they run in the background eating up system resources and hurting battery life. Irrespective of how powerful your new phone might be on paper, a lot of that potential is being wasted by this unnecessity. If you have recently bought a phone with a custom UI, but do not require all the apps that come with it, you can put them away in many ways. Get rid of it permanently If a phone has an Amazon Kindle app, for example, the user gets free ebooks worth a certain amount. If it is a Yupp TV app, then the user gets free access to premium video content for a fixed period of time. But many of us don’t need these limited time goodies. The good news is that you can uninstall many of these apps if you don’t require them. User can uninstall them by long pressing the app icon and dragging it to the top of the home page in UIs with no app drawer such as Xiaomi’s MIUI, Huawei’s Emotion UI or Oppo’s Colour OS. In case of HTC’s Sense UI, Samsung’s TouchWiz, or Google’s Pixel Launcher, one can use the same drag and drop process in the app drawer. In case you want to clear all the app data before hitting the uninstall button, go to Settings->Apps->tap on the app-> Clear Data. This frees up saved files in the phone. The temporary solution Unfortunately, not all third party apps can be uninstalled with the same ease. Many phonemakers treat these apps as permanent fixtures on the phone on account of some deal with the app developers. For example, in Micromax smartphones you can’t uninstall the Gaana app and in Samsung phone’s one can’t remove SwiftKey permanently. In this case, one can block the app in phone’s Settings->Apps->Block apps and finally disable them. This will not put away the apps completely, but will prevent them from running background processes or downloading updates. This will prevent wastage of mobile data and battery. The other way around At times blocking an app may affect with the working of other apps. While this may not apply for a third party app, disabling a Google app can make other Google apps unstable due to the close link between them. This is where the option to hide apps can come in handy. With this the app will continue to occupy space on the phone, but user can’t see it anymore in the app drawer or home screen. However, this feature is not available in all Android smartphones. HTC, LG, Asus and InFocus are some of the leading phone makers which offer the option to users. Abhijit Ahaskar Topics: App Clutter How To Android Smartphone Google Samsung More From Livemint READ MORE Himalaya enters pet nutrition segment with ‘healthytreats’ Game Review: PES 2017 is more fun than FIFA Mobile Time for India to build future around cognitive computing, says IBM president First Published: Wed, Feb 15 2017. 12 03 PM IST Editor's Picks Flipkart outsells Amazon in December, January on bumper smartphone sales 100 days of demonetisation: A Mint reading list Founder tantrums at Infosys: Is the ordeal over? Latest News Himalaya enters pet nutrition segment with ‘healthytreats’ Game Review: PES 2017 is more fun than FIFA Mobile Time for India to build future around cognitive computing, says IBM president India, Indonesia top destinations for Chinese investors seeking high yields Mangalore Refinery to shut 60,000 bpd crude unit for 25 days in April-May Mint On Sunday Free play is serious business Despatch from the Garden City: When Bengaluru celebrates its oldest residents Rolling rotis in Amritsar’s Golden Temple Letter from... A diet chart The 26 best date spots around the world Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo MWC 2017 News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo MWC 2017 News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery 5 Apps to Get Almost Any Content on Your Apple TV David Nield | Gawker MediaFeb 14, 2017, 07.08 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit appleImage Credit Continue reading Image: Gizmodo You've got your shiny new Apple TV hooked up to a big display... so how do you get all the videos you own up there on screen? Easy enough for your iTunes movies, not so straightforward if your content's on a Windows laptop or an Android tablet. Here's how to get almost anything streamed to your Apple TV. We won't take you step-by-step through getting iTunes content up on your Apple TV as you can no doubt figure it out yourself-try the built-in TV shows or Movies apps if you're stuck. In fact, getting anything from another Apple device is super straightforward because your Apple TV acts as a big AirPlay receiver. If you're not using Apple hardware or buying from Apple's store then the key is to pick the right app. With limited access to the tvOS file system (thanks, Apple), third-party apps are the key to getting your content up on the big screen, and these are the best ones for the job. YouTube Image: Screenshot We'll start with an easy one: YouTube. If you just can't figure out any other way to get your videos to an Apple TV, upload them to YouTube and watch them that way (you can keep clips private to your own account if you don't want them seen by the whole world). There's more though-the YouTube app for Apple TV gives you access to any TV show or movie you've bought through Google Play Movies & TV. There's no official Google Movies & TV app for Apple TV, but you can find all your purchased content in the YouTube app: go to My YouTube using the top menu then scroll down to Purchases to find your shows and films. Alternatively use the Google Play Movies & TV app on an iPhone or iPad and AirPlay your purchased content over that way. Plex Image: Screenshot We're huge fans of Plex and once again the app can work wonders when it comes to getting your music, movies, photos and everything else from a non-Apple device to an Apple TV. Sign up for a free or premium account, build a library of content on your machine (it works for Mac, Windows, and Linux), and the Plex app will stream it to your Apple TV for free-as long as you leave the computer on. Alternatively pay up for a Plex Pass and you can store all your shows and movies in the cloud rather than on a local machine. The Plex app for Apple TV is slick and straightforward and works a lot like your personal Netflix. Anything you've added on the server side at the other end will show up and can be streamed straight to your Apple box. AllCast Image: Screenshot If you fork out for the premium version of AllCast on your Android device then you can beam pretty much anything from your Google-powered phone or tablet to an AirPlay device-in this case the Apple TV. Besides videos you can get your music and your photos up on the big screen (there's no Google Photos app for Apple TV as yet), and if you want to test the waters first then try the free version of the app , which comes with a five-minute playback limit. The best part of AllCast versus other options is that there are no technical menus to wade through and you can be up and running in minutes. You don't need anything installed on your Apple TV either. It just pops up as an option when you launch the AllCast Android app. Once the connection is made you can beam over anything stored locally on your device as well as content from linked services like Google Drive or Dropbox. AirParrot 2 Image: Screenshot If you're interested in getting content from a Windows computer on an Apple TV without dealing with a server installation as you would with Plex, then AirParrot 2 is definitely worth a look-it'll set you back $12.99, but there's a free trial available if you want to see if it suits you first. Again there's little in the way of setup. Once it's running on Windows, choose the local Apple TV as a receiver, then choose a media file from disk, and it's streamed straight to the Apple device. You can adjust quality settings in the program preferences but we didn't notice any glitches in our testing. The application can also do a straight mirror of your screen, so an exact copy of your Windows display shows up on the Apple TV. There's a version for macOS as well, plus an extension you can use on Chrome OS. Meanwhile the accompanying iOS app lets you use your iPhone as a remote control for whatever you're watching on your TV. VLC Media Player Image: Screenshot VLC Media Player for the Apple TV-like the versions for every other platform-does a great job of playing audio and video content in pretty much any format in existence. It supports a whole host of network protocols, including Windows shares, UPnP and FTP, so wherever your movies and TV shows happen to be stored, chances are that VLC can get at them. It also works with Plex if you need it to. As with the desktop clients, there's support for multiple audio tracks and subtitles, and you can also stream any video link you can get ahold of the URL for. VLC is the most finnicky of the bunch as it takes a little bit of technical know-how to get videos up and running on it, but it's not particularly difficult to do, there's plenty of documentation on VLC's site to get you started, and once your files are in place then using VLC is a breeze. You can also use a connected web interface on an iOS device or a desktop browser and just drag and drop the files you want to play. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: AppleStreamingHow toApple TV Follow Gizmodo onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to GizmodoWrite for Us Next Story This Plane Fucks More from this author How to Secure Your Home From Corporate Snoopers 5 Reasons You Might Ditch Google Docs For Dropbox Paper Related stories VLC Is Bringing Its Video Magic to the Apple TV Apple TV Could Finally Unlock Its Full Potential This Year NYT: The Apple TV Remote Is Getting a Touch Pad Apple TV Finally Gets Good With Major tvOS Update 5 Apple TV Apps That Are Actually Great on a Big Screen 8 Years Later, Apple TV Finally Gets Its Own App Store MWC 2017 Here’s what we know about the upcoming Moto G5 Apollo 2 will sport MediaTek X30 with 8GB of RAM, launching at MWC 2017 Sony Pikachu running Android Nougat spotted on Geekbench MWC 2017: Huawei P10 teased, launching February 26 Editor's Pick Why Progressive Web Apps could be a threat to mobile apps ... Planning to cut the cord this summer? 10 reasons why you shouldn't bother ... Opera browser to be infused with artificial intelligence ... Hot Right Now The Nokia 3310 Was a Frickin' Tank The Next Pseudoscience Health Craze Is All About Genetics Lost Essay Reveals Winston Churchill Was Almost Certain Aliens Exist Lightning Earbuds With a Built-in Charging Making Avoiding Wireless Slightly Easier Border Agent Demands NASA Scientist Unlock Phone Before Entering the Country Report: Sad Yahoo Deal Somehow Gets Even Sadder The Arctic Is in Such Bad Shape That Scientists Propose Refreezing It Ourselves Here's Why Today's Decision Over Who Invented CRISPR Matters An Obscure Fault in Southern California is More Dangerous Than We Thought How to Secure Your Home From Corporate Snoopers Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Trending on social Sony's new camera sensor will decimate every smartphone camera out there ... This is Nokia’s plan for its grand comeback at MWC 2017 This is Nokia’s plan for its grand comeback at MWC 2017 ... Coolpad Cool 1 Dual: The imperfect performer ... Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop LYF Flame F8 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black) ₹ 4999BUY8MP + 5MP Camera YU Yunicorn - 32GB (Gold Rush) ₹ 10990BUY4GB RAM, 32GB ROM Micromax Bolt Q381 - 8GB (Black) ₹ 3429BUY5" Screen, 5MP Cam This Plane Fucks Dejected Senators Demand 'Basic' Answers After Yahoo Ghosts Congress An Alien Hunter on the Risks and Rewards of Landing on Europa Is Donald Trump Becoming Pepe The Frog? 5 Reasons You Might Ditch Google Docs For Dropbox Paper People Are Writing Love Letters on Twitter to the Ill-Fated Affordable Care Act Monkeys Learn to Pass a Classic Test For Self-Awareness Scientists Need Your Help Discovering the Next Exoplanet What We Know About Unionization Efforts at Tesla's Fremont Plant 15 Apps to Get Almost Any Content on Your Apple TV 2This Plane Fucks 3Dejected Senators Demand 'Basic' Answers After Yahoo Ghosts Congress 4An Alien Hunter on the Risks and Rewards of Landing on Europa 5Is Donald Trump Becoming Pepe The Frog? 65 Reasons You Might Ditch Google Docs For Dropbox Paper 7People Are Writing Love Letters on Twitter to the Ill-Fated Affordable Care Act 8Monkeys Learn to Pass a Classic Test For Self-Awareness 9Scientists Need Your Help Discovering the Next Exoplanet 10What We Know About Unionization Efforts at Tesla's Fremont Plant About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
null
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) Adam Mills02/13/2017 As we push into 2017 some Samsung Galaxy smartphone and tablet owners are still waiting for their Android Marshmallow update. Others are hoping for bug fix updates that solve their Android Marshmallow problems. Advertisement Samsung’s Android Nougat update is finally rolling out but the company continues to fire off a barrage of Galaxy Android Marshmallow updates for devices in regions around the world. Tons of Galaxy smartphone and tablet owners are now running Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow but some people are still waiting for their update to arrive. If you’re lucky, you might be getting your taste of Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow soon. And if you’re real lucky, you might get a bug fix update for your Android Marshmallow problems. Today we want to take a look at everything we know about the Samsung Android Marshmallow roll out as we push into the new year. You can expect the Marshmallow roll out to continue even as Samsung rolls out Nougat to Galaxy smartphones and tablets.  Advertisement This roundup walks you through the important details about the Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow release and the updates themselves. It includes information about the Galaxy S6 update, the Galaxy Note 5 update, the Galaxy Note 4 update, the Samsung Galaxy S7, and more. We’ll continue to update this as we, and others, receive more information. Keep an eye out for new details. Samsung Galaxy S6 Marshmallow Update The Samsung Galaxy S6 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is rolling out for the Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge and Galaxy S6 Edge Plus models all over the world. Marshmallow updates have also started rolling out in India, the United Kingdom, Austria, Russia, Iraq and the Netherlands. More recently, updates have landed for models in Afghanistan, Croatia, Germany, Czech Republic, Nigeria, Pakistan, Philippines, Nepal, Italy, Macedonia, Spain, and a whole lot more more. Advertisement Sprint rolled out Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow to the Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge several months ago. The carrier’s also now rolling out an update for the Galaxy S6 Edge Plus. The Sprint bound Galaxy S6 Marshmallow updates are huge, over 1GB in size, and it delivers a long list of enhancements, features, and bug fixes. Sprint’s since been joined by Verizon and T-Mobile. Advertisement Verizon rolled out its Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge, and Galaxy S6 Edge Plus Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow updates several months ago and it’s now pushing out new versions of the Marshmallow update that deliver bug fixes and other changes. From the change log: Fewer dropped Wi-Fi voice calls Video calls using a cellular network will start with a pop-up reminder that you’ll be using data Ensures you can only make HD Voice Calls when connected to the 4G LTE network Improvements to HD Voice Call volume You can now register for Voice over Wi-Fi calling when roaming Verizon recently rolled out a bug fix update for the Galaxy S6 Plus as well. T-Mobile’s also started rolling out its Samsung Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge Plus, and Galaxy S6 Edge Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow updates. These updates will roll out Over-the-Air to users for several days and bring enhancements and fixes to the former flagships. U.S. Cellular’s website now shows Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow updates for the Samsung Galaxy S6, Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and Galaxy S6 Edge Plus. Each listing comes with a link to download via Samsung Kies. Advertisement AT&T’s updated its software support page with details about its Galaxy S6 Marshmallow upgrade. The change log includes: Android OS 6.0 Marshmallow Adds Video Calling Removes Keeper, AT&T Live, FB Messenger Adds Amazon to full preload Moves AT&T Mail and YP Mobile to a Virtual Preload The AT&T Galaxy S6 Edge Plus Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is available (with new enhancements) as is the AT&T Galaxy S6 Active Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update. The Galaxy S6 Active Marshmallow update started pushing out in early July. Telus and Bell users in Canada are also reporting a Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Plus Marshmallow roll out. The update is massive, 1.2GB in size, and it brings Android 6.0.1 and a number of enhancements to the larger Edge model. Fellow Canadian carriers VideoTron and Eastlink are rolling out Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow updates as well. Telus in Canada was one of the first North American carriers to confirm specific dates for the Samsung Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge and it’s rolling out the Galaxy S6 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update to users. In Australia, Vodafone started rolling out a Galaxy S6 Edge Plus Marshmallow update last year. The company is also now rolling out Marshmallow updates to its versions of the Samsung Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge. Fellow Australian carrier Telstra is rolling out Galaxy S6 Plus, Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge Marshmallow updates. Australian carrier Optus has also deployed its Android Marshmallow updates to the Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge and Galaxy S6 Edge Plus. Elsewhere in North America, Canadian carrier Rogers has deployed Marshmallow to its Galaxy S6 Edge Plus, Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge. The Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge Marshmallow updates arrived after a long delay. Marshmallow Features Thanks to the roll outs and the Galaxy S6 Marshmallow roll out, we know what the Marshmallow update brings to the flagship devices. As expected, Marshmallow brings changes to the update’s interface. The update replaces blue with white and it changes the look of several app icons. The update also features the popular Google Now on Tap feature that allows you to quickly bring up information on whatever you’re looking at simply by holding down the home button. It’s one of our favorite Marshmallow features. The video above outlines the key features. Samsung is rolling out Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow, the most up-to-date version of Marshmallow, and the final version from Google. The Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update brings a number of key changes to the Samsung Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge including: Additional quick settings toggles for Private Mode in the status bar. New emoji characters (Android 6.0.1 brought more than 200 to Nexus users). Improved visibility of notification panel icons. If a fingerprint isn’t recognized, users will only get vibration feedback. A new ‘Install overnight’ option that will install an update at night between 2 to 5 AM. Samsung has detailed the changes coming to the Galaxy S6 Edge’s panel, some of which can be seen in galleries above. Galaxy S5 Marshmallow Update The Samsung Galaxy S5 Android 6.o.1 Marshmallow update continues to make progress as we push into the year. The Samsung Galaxy S5 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is pushing out to users in Korea. More specifically, it’s rolling out to unlocked variants on KT, LG Uplus and the carrier SK Telecom in South Korea. It’s also rolling out in Trinidad & Tobago, in Sri Lanka for the SM-G900F, in Germany, the Netherlands, and Italy for the SM-G900F, in India for the SM-G900I, in Canada for Telus, in Canada for Rogers, and owners of the Exynos model in India. The Marshmallow update has landed for the other version of the Galaxy S5 and SM-G900H users in India should keep an eye out for an OTA. It started pushing to users last year. In the United States, it’s pushing out for Galaxy S5 and Galaxy S5 Sport users on Sprint. Here is the change log Sprint provided to customers: Google and Samsung Security Updates Bug Fixes T-Mobile confirmed its Galaxy S5 Marshmallow update several months ago and the upgrade is now available to users. T-Mobile Galaxy S5 owners can download the update over Wi-Fi or manually update with Samsung Smart Switch for PC. Verizon is also rolling out the Samsung Galaxy S5 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update to its users. So is U.S. Cellular. So is AT&T after a lengthy delay. As for other Galaxy S5 variants, the Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is currently rolling out to the Galaxy S5 Plus model in Germany. The Android 6.0.1 update is for the unbranded model Galaxy S5 Plus (SM-G901F). The Galaxy S5 Plus Marshmallow update is also rolling out in the Netherlands. The update is also pushing out to the Samsung Galaxy S5 LTE-A in South Korea and the Samsung Galaxy S5 Neo in Europe. Samsung’s Galaxy S5 Neo update is rolling out to the Vodafone model in the Netherlands. The update is unsurprisingly based on Android 6.0.1. The Galaxy S5 Neo Android 6.0.1 update is also now pushing out for carriers in Canada. In Australia, Vodafone says that it’s in the process of testing a Samsung Galaxy S5 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update. Telstra started deploying the update last year. Those of you with a Samsung Galaxy S5 mini will be happy to know that Samsung’s planning to deliver a Marshmallow update to the smaller version of the Galaxy S5. The Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Android Marshmallow update just appeared at the Wi-Fi Alliance, a sign that its release is getting closer. It also looks like the instruction manual is now available, another sign that we’re getting close. The Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Marshmallow update is finally starting to roll out in the United States. AT&T recently released the upgrade and it brings a familiar set of features and enhancements to the rugged version of the Galaxy S5. From its website: Android OS 6.0 (Marshmallow) Wi-Fi Calling Video Calling Android device security enhancements Features As for the Galaxy S5 Marshmallow update, it comes with most of Marshmallow’s features with bug fixes, improvements to the device’s speed, and improvements to stability. The video above gives you a good look at what to expect from your Galaxy S5 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update. Those of you with a carrier-branded model can expect some unique “enhancements” and fixes so you’ll want to dig into the change log when your update arrives. Galaxy Note 5 Marshmallow Update The Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is now being deployed to devices around the world. It’s rolling out in a number of other countries including India with the Middle East an apparent focus for Samsung right now. It’s also rolling out in Algeria, Brazil, Afghanistan, Nigeria, Malaysia, Pakistan, New Zealand, South Korea, and Australia (Optus) to name a few. U.S. and Canadian carriers are also in the mix. The Verizon Galaxy Note 5 Marshmallow update is available and it brings new features and enhancements to its version of the flagship smartphone. The carrier is also rolling out a smaller bug fixer that alleviates three problems with Marshmallow: Trouble connecting to the internet Frequent data disconnection Problems while loading files or web pages Sprint is also rolling out the Galaxy Note 5 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update to users taking the flagship phone up from Android 5.1.1 Lollipop. As expected, the change log is similar to the other Galaxy Note 5 Marshmallow updates that’ve rolled out elsewhere in the U.S. and around the world. Like the others, it comes with a number of enhancements, features and fixes. Elsewhere in North America, U.S. Cellular’s confirmed a Galaxy Note 5 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow roll out via its website. Like its Galaxy S6 updates, the listing contains a link to download via Samsung’s Kies app for PC. T-Mobile is also rolling out Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow to the Galaxy Note 5. The update should be available to all users right now. The AT&T Galaxy Note 5 Marshmallow update is also rolling out to users around the country. Samsung recently updated its version of the Galaxy Note 5 Marshmallow update with several improvements including Wi-Fi calling and Advanced Messaging. The update also delivers new security patches. As for Canada, the Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update has landed for users on Bell and Telus. It’s also rolling out to customers on Rogers. In Australia, popular carrier Vodafone is pushing out a Galaxy Note 5 Android 6.0.1 update. So is fellow Australian carrier Telstra. Features Thanks to the public roll out, we know what’s on board the Galaxy Note 5 Marshmallow update. The video below shows off the Galaxy Note 5’s Marshmallow software and it runs down many of the important changes. For more on the Marshmallow leak, take a look at this full rundown from XDA-Developers. It reviews the update’s early performance. For a set of photos, take a look at these Galaxy Note 5 Marshmallow photos. Verizon’s run down of the Marshmallow update will also give you a feel for the changes. In addition to these positive changes, it’s worth nothing that the Galaxy Note 5 Android 6.0.1 update is plagued with issues including battery drain, issues with Gear VR and other smaller bugs. These issues have extended to the Verizon Galaxy Note 5 Android 6.o.1 update. Verizon users are already starting to complain about battery drain, Wi-Fi problems and more. We expect complaints to pick up as the roll out picks up speed. It’s not clear how these problems will impact the overall speed of the roll out (it doesn’t appear to have slowed it down yet) but Galaxy Note 5 users will want to be cautious when Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow arrives. Galaxy Note 4 Marshmallow Update The Samsung Galaxy Note 4 and the Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Marshmallow updates are rolling out right now. Sprint is pushing out its version of the Galaxy Note 4 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update right now. The U.S. Cellular Galaxy Note 4 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update appears to be rolling out as well. U.S. Cellular’s website confirms the release of its Galaxy Note 4 Android 6.0.1 update. The update mirrors the other Galaxy Note 4 updates in the United States. Verizon is also rolling out its version of the Galaxy Note 4 Android 6.0.1 update. According to Big Red, the update “has been tested to optimize device performance, resolve known issues and apply the latest security patches.” The Verizon Galaxy Note Edge Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is also rolling out bringing new features, security patches and bug fixes to the curved version of the Galaxy Note 4. After a long wait, AT&T is also rolling out its Galaxy Note 4 and Galaxy Note Edge Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow updates. Both updates feature: Android Marshmallow Operating System Video Calling Advanced Messaging Wi-Fi Calling And finally, T-Mobile is rolling out both the Galaxy Note 4 and Galaxy Note Edge Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow updates to its user base. The carrier’s updates bring new features but they also bring bug fixes and enhancements that should help to stabilize the software on board. In Canada, Rogers confirms it’s finally rolling out its version of the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Android 6.0.1 update. As for the rest of the world, the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is rolling out in Europe for the SM-N910C in Poland, users in Croatia, Germany, Korea, Austria, Italy, and its available for Galaxy Note 4 users in Uzbekistan (SM-N910H). Samsung is rolling out a new Android 6.0.1 build to the aging former flagship in India. Marshmallow is also now pushing out for Galaxy Note 4 models in Australia. Those with the Galaxy Note 4 there should check to see if an OTA is available. As for the Galaxy Note Edge Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update, it’s pushing out in England. It also looks like it’s starting to roll out to the unlocked version of the Galaxy Note Edge in other parts of Europe and to models in Canada. It’s moving like a slug compared to Samsung’s Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow roll out for the Galaxy Note 4 but we expect it to pick up speed in the weeks ahead. Features Thanks to these roll outs, we know what the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update looks like. The Galaxy Note 4 update comes with the new Air Command menu that’s found on the Galaxy S6 and Galaxy Note 5. There are also some new icons for applications. Similar to the Samsung Galaxy S6’s update. It also comes with the Samsung Galaxy Note 5 feature that allows you to take notes when the screen is off. Others In addition to updates for these popular devices, Samsung is rolling out a number of other Marshmallow updates around the world. Samsung is now pushing the Android 6.0.1 update to the Galaxy A9, a 6-inch smartphone that’s available in limited markets. The Galaxy A9 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is available for the SM-A9000 model in China. The company’s also deployed the first Galaxy A7 and Galaxy A5 Marshmallow updates. The Android 6.0.1 software is rolling out to Galaxy A7 and Galaxy A5 models in Russia. The A7 update is also pushing out in Europe. The Galaxy A5 Marshmallow update is also pushing out to Canadian users. Telus recently confirmed the start of the roll out. Look for both of these updates to pick up speed in the weeks ahead. The update is also rolling out to Samsung’s budget line of devices. The Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update has made its way over to the Galaxy J5 in India and Europe. Like Samsung’s other Marshmallow upgrades, it brings some huge changes to the device. Samsung’s Galaxy Tab S2 Android 6.0.1 update has started to roll out. The upgrade rolling out right now in Germany for the 9-inch model. It brings well-known Marshmallow features and it also brings a multi-user mode. This mode allows you to create separate accounts for family members and friends. A few more notes: The Galaxy Tab S2 9-inch Marshmallow update is also pushing for the 4G model in the Netherlands. The Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is now rolling out for the 8-inch Galaxy Tab S2 in the United Kingdom. The update is similar to the upgrade for the larger version. Samsung’s Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is also rolling out to the Galaxy Tab S2 on Rogers in Canada and Verizon in the United States. The Galaxy Tab S2 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update has also landed for the Wi-Fi only versions of the 8-inch and 9-inch models in the U.S. The AT&T Galaxy Tab S2 Marshmallow update is rolling out right now. T-Mobile is also rolling out a Galaxy Tab S2 Marshmallow update in the United States. The update should be available OTA right now. Verizon is also now rolling out a Galaxy Tab E 8.0 Marshmallow update. It’s similar to the other Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow updates for Big Red and those who own this relatively new tablet are encouraged to check for the update right now. Android Marshmallow is also rolling out the Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4. The update is currently available for the Wi-Fi model in Europe. As for the rest of Samsung’s tablet line, the Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is also rolling out for the first time to the Galaxy Tab A. The update is pushing out in France to the 9.7-inch Wi-Fi only variant. It’s also pushing out in Australia to the 8-inch Wi-Fi model. The update is a little over 1GB in size and it brings enhancements and new features to the slate. Look for both versions of the Galaxy Tab A Android Marshmallow update to pick up the pace in the weeks ahead. U.S. Cellular’s also started rolling out the Samsung Galaxy S 10.5 Android Marshmallow update after a long wait. Samsung Galaxy S7 Marshmallow Update As expected, the new Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge both run the company’s Android 6.0.1 software. The two devices run a unique version of the operating system. You can get a feel for their version of Marshmallow software in the hands-on video above. It’s worth noting that the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge do not support Android 6.0’s Adoptable Storage feature, a concern given the fact that it only comes with 32GB of internal storage space in the United States. It’s also worth noting that the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge come with some additional emoji characters. A full outline of those characters can be found right here. In 2016, Samsung rolled out an “urgent” software update for the Galaxy S7 Edge. T-Mobile also pushed out bug fix updates to the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge. More recently, Samsung and its carrier partners have been rolling out updates with a Wi-Fi Calling update on board. The update’s landed for the AT&T Galaxy S7 and AT&T Galaxy S7 Edge and it checks in at 600MB in size making it a substantial release for the two flagship devices. Rogers in Canada has put out the same update for its Galaxy S7 models. It’s also important to know that the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow updates are now available online. These will be useful if you need to go back to stock software at any point during your time with the Galaxy S7. Samsung February Security Update Google is rolling out February security updates to its Nexus devices and Samsung is following suit with February security updates of its own. The February security patch is rolling out slowly but it’s now available in several regions including the United States. T-Mobile recently rolled out Samsung’s February security update to the Galaxy S4 and the Galaxy Tab 3. Other devices like the Galaxy J5 and Galaxy A8 have also received Samsung’s version of the February security update. You can read the specific patch notes on the company’s website. It delivers key patches from Samsung and Google. Android Nougat Update As we’ve noted, the Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow roll out has been joined by Samsung’s new Android 7.0 Nougat update. The company’s official Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge Android Nougat roll outs have begun though the release is limited to select models in select regions around the world. We expect that to change in the near future. Samsung’s promised several Nougat updates in the first half of 2017 and we expect all of these upgrades to deliver new features, tweaks and fixes for lingering Marshmallow issues. Devices like the Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge, and Galaxy Note 5 should be next in line for Samsung’s version of Android Nougat. For more information on the Android Marshmallow’s successor, take a look at our Samsung Galaxy Android Nougat roundup and our Android Nougat walkthrough. Samsung’s Android Nougat update will bump devices from Android 6.0.1 to Android 7.0. It’s not clear when or if Samsung will bump its devices to Android 7.1.1, the most up-t0-date version of Nougat. If you own a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge, we’ve put together a guide that will take you through the most important things to know about your update. 10 Things to Do Before Installing Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Get Familiar with Android 6.0.1 & Marshmallow   1 / 10 Let's start with something very important.  One of the first things you'll want to do is get familiar with the changes coming with your version of Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. Each update is going to be a little bit different (carriers can't help themselves) but there some core elements to each.  There are a number of resources around the web but we'll provide you with some great starting points right here.  We've taken a deep dive into the differences between Lollipop and Marshmallow and you'll want to check the basics out so that you're comfortable with the changes.  Android 6.0.1, the version of Marshmallow rolling out to Galaxy devices, is a little different than Android 6.0. You can get familiar with some of Android 6.0.1's basics right here. And then we get to the device level. That is to say that the Galaxy S6 Marshmallow update is a little different than the Galaxy Note 5 Marshmallow update. We've outlined some of those differences and you can find them at the links provided.  Things will be different at the carrier level as well and you'll want to look into those changes as well. Unfortunately, those changes will arrive whenever Samsung and your carrier decide to push out Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow for your device. We'll provide you with the Verizon Galaxy Note 5 Marshmallow release notes as an example.  If you haven't been following along, now is a great time to look into the new features and enhancements so that you're as proficient as possible after you download and install Marshmallow on your Galaxy phone or tablet.    1 / 10 357 Responses 01/06/2016 Ben Reply i dont see any difference in this version and what I am currently running on my S^ which I just got a few days ago. The hype and the hype over a few stupid changes is crazy. You guys in the media have to stop making things bigger than what they are, When a MAJOR change occurs, then hype and push it. Marshmallow is not a big deal. 01/12/2016 mnet Reply Marshmallow is hug Ben. It is huge because of the features you will get to control app permissions. The “wild west” days of Android apps with their crazy permissions is coming to an end. If you have not discovered all the features of 6.0 yet its because you have not looked into what is really there but instead troll the web. 01/26/2016 Emma William Reply Samsung starts rolling out January security update for its flagship smartphones including Galaxy S5 04/03/2016 Elijah Abeyta Reply You’re mistaken. This update is about the marshmallow 6.0.1 and you must be talking about marshmallow 6.0 04/18/2016 William Ernst Reply The update sucks if you have an S5, as it has eliminated the feature that lets you transfer applications to the SD card 05/19/2016 Jamario Souza Reply The worst thing after this update is that I simply lost LTE connection. Only acces 3G. With Android 5 I could manage Network Band and select my prefered band, but now I have no access to it. In March it updated to Android 6.0, this month it updated to 6.0.1 and the shit continues. I cannot unlock phone using fingerprint after rebooting phone. It seems to me that Android M has taken a step backwards with my device. SM-G900K 07/05/2016 David Reply great 11/01/2016 Dalibor Salanski Cezar I get paid over $87 per hour working from home with 2 kids at home. I never thought I’d be able to do it but my best friend earns over 10k a month doing this and she convinced me to try. The potential with this is endless. Here’s what I’ve been doing>> USA Jobs Resort 04/14/2016 Robert Reply I disagree. I’ve had my S6 for several months on Lollipop, finally got the update to Marshmallow from Verizon a couple weeks ago and I’m really enjoying it. My S6 has much better battery life and it performs much better in benchmarks and normal use. It’s smoother (not as laggy), apps load faster, messaging is more streamlined (no more waiting to take and send pics through text), and total control of app permissions (finally). Marshmallow is a major update and I couldn’t be happier with it. It’s just a shame it took so long to actually get it. 06/21/2016 laurarussell532 Reply I found a great site that focuses on stay at home mom’s complete guide to gaining a serious amount of money in very little time. While being able to earn an passive income staying home with your kids. If you are someone who needs more money and has some spare time, this site is perfect for you. Take a look at… follow this link…..★★★◕◡◕◕◡◕◕◡◕ ❥❥❥❥❥❥❥ Spacial~Work AtHome. 01/06/2016 Chuck Reply I’m giving to the end of my contract for Google to jump on manufacturer’s about pushing their updates in a timely fashion. If it’s not resolved within the two year update I’m moving to iOS. I rather deal with a company that updates regular and is more restrictive about what you can have than a company that takes months and months to update their devices. 01/11/2016 Taha Reply Chuck. Buying a nexus gives you instant apple style hardware and software updates. Cheers 01/12/2016 mnet Reply I agree with you to a point. But you have to ask yourself are you looking for updates for the sake of just getting something “new”? Most updates are minor, granted 6.0 is no minor update. Just wondering 04/05/2016 Ava James Reply Telus starts rolling out Android Marshmallow for the Galaxy S6 edge+ The changelog also mentions features like Quick Connect, improved fingerprint security, an advanced power saving mode, and a new vibration pattern. 01/12/2016 Michaelafraser Reply 1=18my best friend’s sister-in-law makes $84 /hr on the laptop . She has been fired from work for five months but last month her pay check was $21612 just working on the laptop for a few hours. why not try here…. See More 03/06/2016 John Doe Reply We don’t give a shit about you friend or anything else you post. 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Uh oh! SPAM N SCAM R US. 01/12/2016 sgtguthrie Reply I don’t know why I even took the click bait. The article, like all of them here, reads as if it was written by a 6th grader. 01/25/2016 Nameless Opiner Reply This is the exact same article from months ago; you just tacked on a recent date… 01/28/2016 Ava James Reply How about multi tasking ? Is it improved? Or still the apps getting reload when you open from multi tasking window? Also i want to share a good news for folks that T-Mobile has started offering a great deal for its customers ( old or new ), Buy one flagship phone, get another one at half price. This offer is only for The 32GB Samsung Galaxy S6, The 32GB Samsung Galaxy S6 edge, The 32GB Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+, The 32GB Samsung Galaxy Note 5 01/29/2016 Jabir Reply My note 4’s model number is sm-n910c so i cant update this to Marshmallow.please help me.how can i uptade my phone to Marshmallow . 01/30/2016 Johan E. Bengtsson Reply I have a notification now “There is an update that is going to be installed” (in Swedish), but no information what software is going to be updated nor any indication that it is from Samsung. I s that the January security update? In any case, I have managed to remove some of the Samsung bloatware (I wish I could ger rid of the awful TouchWiz panels too), so I am not risking getting all that crap back by accepting any non essential upgrades. 02/01/2016 Bishal Khan Reply I am using s6edge plus I think that samsung should give Marshalltow on it please 03/03/2016 Nick Stanizewski Reply Seriously? Your phone came out in September of last year. Try dealing with the frustrations of having a note 4 on verizon. Hahahahahaha your comment really did make me laugh. Crying you don’t have marshmallow. I went as far as going out and buying a tablet so I didn’t have to deal with that garbage phone as much. Have fun with samsung. I’m going to stock android, close to it, or at the worst LG unless they start playing the samsung when are you getting your update game also. 03/18/2016 Kim Griffiths Reply I finally got Marshmallow yesterday (17 March 2016) on my Edge +. I think that it’s going to be another couple of months before I see it on my Note 4. But some great additions I didn’t expect…they’ve added scrolling screenshot functionality & the Edge is, at last amazing with half screen functionality and loads upon loads of Edge improvements. Battery life seems far better. I haven’t really dug in to fund everything yet, but so far as great improvement. (United Kingdom, Three network) 02/02/2016 Don DeGregori (@dondedoes) Reply My MOTO G (2015) wants to eat marshmallows! Please hurry before they get stale. 08/24/2016 Caroline Eadie Reply If u bought ur moto g3 and just use 3 as ur network pull sim u will get mm update I got it last year bought right from Amazon 3 sim only contract 02/05/2016 Jason Toone Reply Looks like i got the update today s6 edge in uk 02/05/2016 Johncjones Reply 11123=24my best friend’s half-sister makes $87 /hr on the laptop . She has been out of a job for eight months but last month her check was $16467 just working on the laptop for a few hours. find more info…. See More 02/26/2016 Caelin Reply Stop spamming 04/11/2016 Krammit D Forg Reply sUCK MY baLLS 02/07/2016 mustaffa Reply Samsung you suck and whats the point of making phones that are made for marshmallow which is not available as of yet.i own a s6 and i am forced to sell it either to buy a nexus or lg device. 02/19/2016 ZAC Reply I got s6 and about to sell it since Samsung doesn’t work on the updates. I’ve used s3 s5 note4 and s6 but I’m giving up coz of their company systems. Lots new phones, no updates.galaxy s, a, j, note, Grand, mega, active, edge, zoom……what else seriously? 02/09/2016 AL Reply Mustagfa I agree, I came back to Samsung now I’ll be going back to LG 02/19/2016 ZAC Reply This is stupid waiting until the mid April… so much gap between s.korea and Canada. Don’t understand why they need 3 months to release it in English versions. And Android N will be announced in only after few months. Work Samsung you’re so lazy! 02/19/2016 troy Reply Samsung you take too long to release updates full of excuses s6 edge i be waiting 6 months update seriously consider different phone manufacturer next time disappointed 02/24/2016 Elmar Reply Will Samsung use the android marshmallow fingerprint API feature or keep using it’s own fingerprint SDK (the one used currently in S6/Edge)? 02/26/2016 Ramesh Reply I dont think so they wil ever use marshmallow api for finger print 02/25/2016 J Reply Note 4 (Canada) here, when I upgrade I’m done with Samsung! Had the S3, Note 10.1 (2012) and now Note 4 and always the same with lack of updates or extremely slow to update. Samsung needs to stop making dozens of devices with then dozens of variants of the same device! This is why they can’t update in a timely manner. If Google and Apple can make their device line up simple then so can Samsung! If Apple and Google can bypass carriers for updates and send them direct to users then so can Samsung. Until Samsung smartens up, they have lost me as a customer! Next phone will either be a Google Nexus device or (I hate to say and even think it but) iOS. I left Apple for Android but Google hates sd cards, all other manufacturers are slow to update. It’s ridiculous! Also the fact Samsung is removing the “adoptable storage” feature from their Android 6.0.1 updates is ridiculous! It’s a Google feature and Samsung and LG should have no right to remove/disable it. Give us the choice FFS! F U SAMDUNG! 02/25/2016 Too Squat Reply Note 4 owner…I think this is my last Samsung. I bought it because of the pen. Used to be an HTC buyer, they converted me to Android. But Samsung, we buy your flagship…and as soon as you’re ready to release the next flagship you stop updating this one! Enough is enough. HE Elite x3 is my next phone. Continuum has come of age. 02/26/2016 Tiffany Lipsett Reply My next phone will either be a SONY or HTC I was really disappointed with the Galaxy S6 biggest waste of $900 ever 02/26/2016 elma Reply omg wtf 900$??? youre crazy. and then you get sober and you blame the world…who buys a phone for 900$?! and an S6 at that… should got a note 5 or s6 edge+ or something (iphone 6s or 6 although thats apple so its not a great choice.) 03/27/2016 Jake kennedy Reply He might be in another country. Im in australia and our 900 dollars is your 500 dollars i also got my s6 for 900. 02/26/2016 Danielle Reply Tired of being told we going to get update and nothing. Cell phone company like government all promise no action. 02/26/2016 PAT Reply I’m in Beirut Lebanon i received the 6.0.1 update on my Galaxy note 5 SM-N920C the notifications panel is expendable and turned from light green to white the color of the folders changed too, i have google on the home button to search on all screens. In general the phone is more responsive specially the fingerprint scanner until now the phone is faster, on the browser there’s the new secret mode. 02/26/2016 EugEnE Reply What about the GALAXY ALPHA?? i think it deserves to have 6.0 too… 02/26/2016 shahzaib Reply Samsung why do u hate note 4 why 02/26/2016 Jeremiah Reply Hey Adam Mills, I realize writing an article is your job but seriously, write something relevant. This is like reading the same thing over and over and over again. 4 months into Marshmellow and barely any devices have recieved it. Pathetic. Carriers suck with the added bloatware but it shouldn’t be this damn complicated. The real reason for the wait, S7 and S7 Edge. Gotta make sure as many people buy the latest and greatest before taking care of their actual customers first. Yes, its a business but wow…get the ball rolling Samsung or you’ll be losing about 100 people I know who’d love to try Apple. I love Android but sooooooooooo slow. 02/27/2016 Abhishek Reply Thanks for this Information. 02/27/2016 David Reply When will marshmallow update be on the s6 verizon? 02/28/2016 Mike Venturini Jr. Reply David, When you buy a S7. Verizon is the slowest about updating there phones. Ill get updated when note 6 comes out. 02/28/2016 Mike Reply Come on Verizon, get M to the Note 5! 02/29/2016 Azad Singh Reply I have Samsung gelexy On5, When update marshmallow plz confirm me…. Sir….. 02/29/2016 ThisGuyEntitledMuch Reply wow 02/29/2016 Charles Reply To the coders, thanks and all that… I’m sure that you busted a gut over this thing. but, Marshmallow doesn’t appear to be worth the risk of bricking your phone. You got Lollipop working ok.. You even dumped out a security patch. It works… It works well… The phone works as advertised. 6.0 and/or 6.0.1 for all the fanfare and hooplah… just doesn’t seem like it’s worth the risk. Maybe after 6.0.1 gets debugged… and/or maybe a 6.0.2 rolls out – or, maybe after the security fixes for it hit the bricks… It’ll be mature to a point where it’ll install and do what it’s supposed to do without doing any harm…. That could be a year away. Hell, there is even super hype blurting out over Android N… – and, they haven’t delivered 6.0.1… Why not talk about O and P while you’re at it…. There are still a lot of un-used letters in the alphabet. There is little or no talk about a USA release… thank god. It has to start out in S. Korea… and work its way west thru Bangladesh and Botswana. Sure, fine… brick pygmy phones if you have to. Don’t release the >1Gb bloat code here – until it works… It doesn’t even have to deliver the BS hype… just don’t brick my phone. and, If at all possible – don’t gut any useful functionality – that I had in Lollipop… We all know BS when we hear it. We know it won’t do all that you say it will do…. In short.. Do no harm… Don’t release an OS that is worse than the one we got. 02/29/2016 Bharath Reply Any chance of Touchwiz update on note 4? 03/01/2016 Young_Android_Runner Reply 29Feb2016 > Marshmallow isn’t here yet but we’re already hearing about a potential successor to the Marshmallow update Huh? Marshmallow isn’t here???? 03/03/2016 Mix Tech (@MixTech04) Reply Samsung Galaxy S5 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow Beta https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0t_ow9y2b0 03/05/2016 ead Reply Hi I am from 03/05/2016 steve Reply I couldn’t care less if I get android 6 because all I use the crap s5 for is texting and calls. Can still do that on an old Nokia. Apart from cosmetics android hasn’t changed much at all. All manufacturers , not just Samsung care about money / profit You really think they give a crap if they lose a few customers because they are crying about not getting the newest updates ??? 03/07/2016 Blaž Veber Reply Will Galaxy S4 I9505 get this update? 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply IMO I’m thinking you’re 1 generation too old to get Marshmallow. I may be wrong, but if I were you I’d not expect it. 04/09/2016 Derrick Reply Does anyone know when galaxy s5 SM-G900A ATT will get marshmallow update 03/07/2016 John Dunn Reply I am still wondering when I can expect Marshmallow for my Galaxy Ta2 10.1! Facebook is always freezing and not responding well when it is working! Also, videos play very poorly, spooling every five seconds or so! I have added the extra 32 g memory and still has not helped!!!!! My LG5 has marshmallow with 32 g and the difference is night and day!!!!! 03/08/2016 Audreyjrisner Reply Now look…! ,m­­­­­­­­­y b­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t f­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­d’s h­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­l­­­­­­­­­f-s­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­r m­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­k­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­s $87 /h­­­­­­­­­r o­­­­­­­­­n t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­p­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­p . S­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e h­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s b­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­n o­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­t o­­­­­­­­­f a j­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­b f­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r e­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­g­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­t m­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­s b­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­t l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t m­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­h h­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­r c­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­c­­­­­­­­­k w­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s $16467 j­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t w­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­k­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­g o­­­­­­­­­n t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­p­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­p f­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r a f­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­w h­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­s. find more info… See More 03/12/2016 steven hernanez Reply Stop spaming please we all know it’s spam no one will fall for it. 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply SCAM ALERT! 03/12/2016 Francis (@maroonedfrancis) Reply Finally getting a software update. More than 1gb Samsung galaxy s6 edge plus from the Philippines here :) 03/12/2016 outlooker Reply Marshmallow update received today in uk but lol the user manual is now in italian. Why? 03/15/2016 Kent Reply Install interrupted?! WTF?! Multiple times….I’m done with Android. Back to iPhone and IS. 03/16/2016 Doris Reply This is bullshit! Galaxy s6 got marshmallow and galaxy note 5 not even a damn clue! Big disappointment!!! 03/17/2016 Shubhashish Reply Got the Marshmallow 6.0.1 update on my Galaxy S6 in India finally today. The phone has gotten smoother but there isn’t any change in battery performance, at least nothing yet. A couple of features have disappeared. Like, now I cannot define the pattern of vibration when a phone rings. Bummer. I liked that. Second, while waking up the phone, the screen-light come on really slowly. Third, the Settings aren’t all same like Galaxy S7. There is no triple-press home button for one-hand use feature. Fourth, Galaxy Labs is absent. Oh well, can’t think of more at the moment. There are many more, though. Disappointing, Samsung. At least the same software update should give similar experience. 03/17/2016 Maffyp Reply 6.0 downloaded over the air on edge plus unlocked uk 03/18/2016 Sadik Reply Updated my LG G4 to 6.0 ..now I have issue with my battery life..I am sure it was better before upgrade…Anyone have the same issue? 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Haven’t had that but do this. Clear all cache and see if it helps. It may be in settings or you may have to enter device recovery by turning it off then holding either the up or down volume while also holding power while it starts. Google search for your correct way of entering recovery. Then when you do get there, use volume keys as directionals to select clearing system cache. OK that by the power key. Then select reboot and OK it by the power key. It may help you. 03/18/2016 MARIAH HAWKINS Reply Having syncing problems with multiple apps with new marshmallow update. 03/19/2016 mercy Reply Updated to marshmallow yesterday…wtf my phone crush almost all the time..n the battery life still shit 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Clear system cache and reboot. 03/19/2016 Joe Kahn Reply Note…Tmobile has updated the S6, S6E and S5 to the “Testing” phase. 03/19/2016 Ben Reply Still haven’t got marshmallow update, :( (S6 edge AT&T US) anyone know when it will come out?……… 03/19/2016 Larry Lumpkin Reply T mobile will launch marshmallow update for the galaxy S6 edge plus on the 25th.. Well that date was based on my imei number I was told when I talked to them so it may be different for other people.but according to their website marshmallow update for the galaxy S6 and the s6 edge is in testing mode.. Should roll out by the end of this month.. 03/20/2016 daniel cambria (@njdan30) Reply tits on a bull are more useful and informative then these space filling copy and paste aticles 03/21/2016 Bob Reply Terrible writing. You don’t have to repeat the phrase “Marshmallow update” in every paragraph. The first eight paragraphs could have been condensed into about three sentences. 03/21/2016 Raza Reply When the android 6.0 updates roll out for galaxy j500h 03/21/2016 Chris Reply Got the update, but none if the new emojis. Not happy. 03/21/2016 unknown Reply when will t mobile roll out marshmallow for S6 03/22/2016 KB_PL Reply Still ‘NO’ Update in Poland for S6 with a non contract tied handset (Direct from Samsung) Nothing coming via OTA 03/22/2016 Smores on a stick Reply Wow! The amount of people threatening to switch from one brand to another and crying because they don’t have the update yet is shocking. Children….you will have your Marshmellow after you eat all your lollipop. Relax. Wait. There is nothing wrong with your lollipop. Wha wha why do I have to wait…Johnny has marshmellow….holy crap shut up you whiny little b$/!@. seriously. 03/28/2016 Dan Reply You didn’t need to post if you already have it. If you don’t have it and don’t care, you still didn’t need to post. Let us rant and why don’t you stay quiet? Samsuck is notorious for sending out upgrades late, thanks to their crappy touchwhiz garbage. They have to make sure the newest OS is working with that and thus it takes the longest. This is my first and last samsuck device, not only because of late OS updates (and N is right around the corner), but also because of their rapid charging mode. It wears out their batteries and people have to go buy new ones after about a year. My iPhone 5 that I gave my wife, I bought at launch and it is still working flawlessly on the same battery. My samsuck nope 4 is not holding the charge it once did because of its battery issue. I won’t be buying a new battery, however, I will be buying a new phone. And if I have to sell a kidney to afford and iPhone then so be it. 03/22/2016 Mathew Bolles Reply I received my update on my US Cellular S6 two days ago. It’s working flawlessly and full of all the promised upgrades and features. 03/24/2016 Preston Reply Note 5 on Sprint is getting it now. 03/24/2016 Jack Reply Receiving marshmallow from Sprint on my s6 edge+ now! 03/24/2016 Charles Reply About the only thing you can say about the Big Marshmallow Roll Out – is that it’s worth every penny ya paid for it. From what I can tell…. No one involved in the process seems to know what the process is. Supposedly, it is really rolling out some where… Botswana… Bangladesh… the Punjab in India. It is rolling of obscure tele-cos… with 10s of 100s of customers… The smaller the better. No projected or predicted or implied delivery dates have been met – any where. Those that got it – and, it worked – don’t seem to have a problem with it… even if it comes with its own completely new set of anomalies. Those that got it and it bricked their devices… simply disappear into non-digital existence. There seems to be some people that may or may not have it… that just love it to death. They are others seeing it as a cure for imagined ills. Then their are a few walking wounded that actually did get it… And, it didn’t deliver as promised. Bottom Line…. So far, it’s a huge non-event… and, that may be the good news… Some devices are skipping this promised land – for the next new – not quite there – version N. Which one must assume will be as nebulous as the nearly existent Marshmallow. This would all be a horrible fate if there was a problem with Lollipop to begin with. Fortunately, Lollipop isn’t all that bad. These promised improvements are like chasing mirages in the dessert… That can be a real problem if you are dying of thirst. The problem for the Android Overlords is that they can’t get any one thirsty for the new products…. Rumors, innuendos, and power of suggestion will only get you – but, so far. Plus, if you deliver one of these half-baked products – and, it bricks millions of devices… that a hell-of-a-lot of negative advertisement to get over. So, the latest update on the update… is that it is still kind of there but not there. No carrier has a completed roll out for all their devices. No device manufacturer has a completed roll out for all their makes and models on all carriers. There isn’t even a single device that is up and running on all carriers. It’s just one very specific make, model, – possibly even a specific block of serial numbers – within a model… pops up with a roll out on – one very specific carrier – usually some where outside the US. This is touted as progress…. Where – in comparison – Apple pulls a roll out and gets 80% of their products updated in a month… Still, ya have to admit…. Marshmallow is worth every penny ya paid for it. 03/24/2016 Jeffrey Gohlke Reply US Cellular S6 updated to 6.0.1 today 3-24-16 03/24/2016 Thersathomas Reply 203=1m­­­­­­­­­y neigh­­­­­­­­­bor’s mo­­­­­­­­­m m­­­­­­­­­akes $80 /h­­­­­­­­­r o­­­­­­­­­n th­­­­­­­­­e int­­­­­­­­­ernet . S­­­­­­­­­he ha­­­­­­­­­s be­­­­­­­­­en unem­­­­­­­­­ployed f­­­­­­­­­or 7 mon­­­­­­­­­ths b­­­­­­­­­ut la­­­­­­­­­st mon­­­­­­­­­th he­­­­­­­­­r inco­­­­­­­­­me wa­­­­­­­­­s $19300 ju­­­­­­­­­st wor­­­­­­­­­king o­­­­­­­­­n th­­­­­­­­­e inte­­­­­­­­­rnet f­­­­­­­­­or a f­­­­­­­­­ew ho­­­­­­­­­urs. po­­­­­­­­­p ov­­­­­­­­­er to th­­­­­­­­­is web­­­­­­­­­site… See More 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Ah another post by Spam N Scam R Us. Bet they “pay” us via Western Union with a check with $20,000 more, then we can kindly refund them the real $20,000 so you or I get stuck repaying the bank after the check bounces like a super ball. Nnnnoooooooo thanks. Obummer steals enough already. 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply If you really wanted to SCAM a few on here, offer to sell the update to 6.0.1 for a dollar. 03/25/2016 Unknown Reply When will Galaxy A8 Sm-A800F get updates 03/25/2016 ashcomp Reply How about future announcements starting with the *oldest* included phone models first. I was beginning to feel very unhappy with my Galaxy S5, until I finally scrolled down to it. The people with the new gear *know* they’re good. 03/27/2016 James Zachary Reply My update to Marshmallow was a nightmare. I lost the ability to connect to wi-fi for the Play Store. If Wi-Fi is switched on, only the Play Store does not work. The Play Store works fine on LTE. All other Wi-Fi functions work fine. So I reset my device twice but no improvement. I see this problem happens to other phones at various times but I don’t see a good solution. 03/29/2016 Erik Reply I’ve experienced the same except the problem persists to apps like Pandora and youtube, however my browser app runs the website versions absolutely fine. If you find a solution please let me know, James! 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Any app that’s not working as before: clear the cache of each. Or, clear cache for the whole thing and reboot. 05/20/2016 Cindi Riggins Reply Samsung is terrible. This whole thing is a waste. Never will I buy a Samsung and it seems they have lost thousands of customers. They told me to do a soft reset 1st. 2nd put phone on safe mode. I did all. When in safe mode I went into play store updated apps. Went into maps and cloud. I to lost ability to connect to WiFi if on 4G. Doing this fixed it. I’m still connected to charger battery life terrible. Hope this phone makes til my contract is up. 03/27/2016 Marc Valencerina (@ELMenteVerde) Reply Getting Marshmallow 6.0.1 update now for my Galaxy S6 (Philippines) 03/28/2016 Thys Reply South Africans still waiting to find out when we are getting the upgrade. Pathetic… My next device will be an iphone. Worldwide rollouts, no favorites when picking which countries comes first and who have to wait for probably a year… Pathetic 03/28/2016 Dan Reply This is the LAST samsung device I ever buy! I am sick and tired of those developers who cannot get on the ball and get our devices updated. OS N is already coming out! And STILL no Marshmallow for my Thai version Note 4??? What is the hold up, samsung??!?!?! Get on the ball, or hire some competent developers to get that update to everyone. This is ridiculous! 03/28/2016 Stan Reply I don’t think it’s too much too ask that Verizon, who are a multi-billion dollar empire, who rushed to be the first US player to update marshallow to Samsung’s phones ensure a safe install. The update BRICKED MY PHONE by not allowing it to charge. Even using a new battery didn’t work! I Have safely updated many phones and computers a million different ways. NEVER have I ever had an update DESTROY A device, let alone an $800 phone! The super messed up part is the take NO accountability for releasing software that can damage your phone. Why do you think people are migrating in DROVES to T Mobil? Me being one…**** Verizon and hope they choke the thousands of dollars I’ve thrown their Way! CRiminal activity really…shame on Verizn. 03/28/2016 Ahmad Reply So my samsung is not working on Google ? 03/28/2016 Madatsprint Reply Got the marshmellow update on my s6 and now the wifi calling is not working properly, anyone else have that problem with sprint 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Try clearing that app’s cache. Or clear all cache and reboot. 03/29/2016 Marcus Reply I just recently updated my Sprint Galaxy Note 4 to android marshmallow 6.0.1, I also have updated another phone on my account to the Galaxy S7 edge the S7 running 6.9.1 is good so far as expected. However the update to 6.0.1 on the note 4 has a few issues so far, after the upgrade all my Bluetooth connections were wiped out and reconnecting is an issue because I have to reboot the phone and restart the headset 1 or 2 times before the phone sees the headset, I also found that one of tge greatest additions in marshmallows has been left out of the update and that is the theme engine, I mean really what sense does it make to leave out one of the best features, please put out an update that adds this feature back. Leaving out a major update at this stage of the game makes no sense at all. Guy’s get it fixed and get it right. 03/30/2016 Jay Reply Just got the 6.0.1 on my notes 5 sm – n920g 03/30/2016 Pamela Huff Reply My us cellular s6 edge plus updated to marshmallow a couple of weeks ago and I love it. Definitely some edge screen improvements but by far the most useful is having Google now right on top, no matter what page you’re on. 03/30/2016 Charles Reply As roll outs go… this is like standing in the middle of a turtle stampede. Sure, no one wants to rush anything… Why risk bricking your phone? The customers didn’t demand this. The customers aren’t really feeling the burn here… Yet, the vaguest reference of a siting in the most obscure of countries and the smallest of carriers – gets absurd pronouncements. It’ll happen when it happens. About the only good thing you can say about it – is – that it’s worth every penny you paid for it. 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Here’s my 2¢. I’m glad my Note 4 got it as it is an update, it looks OK and works. I don’t like that Sammy took away the ability to move apps to the SD card and that I’ve gotta put the password in every time I reboot the phone. Other methods like fingerprint scan won’t work till after it’s fully rebooted via entering the password. I don’t think I’ve got extra emoji or wherever the modified battery saver was. It did come with a generous supply of Sprint/TouchWiz bloat as usual, but maybe a bit lighter by a few percentage points. I’m glad I didn’t pay for it though. And the next device for me will be called Nexus. See what you get for 2¢. :-P 03/30/2016 Wilson Reply After running the new update my S6 now randomly re-starts itself and I would say roughly half the phone calls are going directly to voicemail. The phone does not ring when this happens. What can be done to correct this? – Thank you. 03/31/2016 Jennifer Stam Reply Mine is doing the same! Frustrating! It’s also heating up and the battery life is even worse! 03/30/2016 Heather Lynn Tarnovsky Reply This UPDATE IS AWFUL I UPDATED IT DID NOT RECOGNIZE MY PASSWORD OR BACKUP PIN AND MY PHONE IS OPERATING LIKE CRAP 03/31/2016 Jennifer Stam Reply I upgraded and my S6 (Sprint) is now restarting itself multiple times throughout the day. It is heating up and my battery life is worse! I hope they debug soon. This is awful! Sure, there are some fun new features but not worth it at this point! 03/31/2016 Louise Reply I updated my Samsung S6 last weekend and it’s made absolute crap of my phone. Constantly crashing and freezing. Does anybody know if they are doing a patch soon? 04/02/2016 Jennifer Stam Reply My S6 is junk now after the update too. The better come out with a patch soon! Too many issues to mention here. My phone is messed up! 03/31/2016 Charles Reply Here we are at the close of yet another month… March 31 – with Marshmallow market share resting comfortably at 2.3%… The pundits milestones fall by the wayside once again. and, They refuse to hold silence on their accolades for 6.0.1 – that barely exists… – and, where it does exist – there is no small amount of nashing of teeth. The pundits sell great snake oil…. btw… And, what’s wrong with snake oil – you might say. When was the last time you saw a squeaky snake? oh… well… There is always April – then May – then June…. Maybe some country some where with a sizable telecom – will roll this thing out and get it to work. Buyer be ware… If you got it “on” your new device – don’t panic… it’ll probably work just fine. Upgrading older devices – is always a bit of a crap shoot. If you bought older legacy hardware and update prior to loading your old apps…. that might work ok, too.. Marshmallow isn’t all that evil… It just can’t cope with all the possible combinations of footprints left over from old OS’s and legacy apps. Nothing ever has. Nothing ever will. The glacial roll out is probably a blessing – in that it is sparing you from the infinite new anomalies that you will encounter… The purported enhancements/improvements – may – or, may not – work as advertised. but, At least, you have gotten used to the quirks in your current device. Why suffer the trials and tribulations of different quirks – whilst Beta testing the lasted flavor. I guess that I long for the daze when one could stone false prophets. Back in the good ole daze, if the prophet spoke and got it wrong – they took him out to the gates of the city and stoned him… Not much of a retirement plan… But, it really cut down on people making idiot claims and speculations. 03/31/2016 Charles Reply Verizon has already inflicted/infected the Samsung Galaxy Note 5 users with Marshmallow…. Batteries dying… WiFi croaking… no access to the AppStore… BlueTooth disconnecting…. Who will be the next victim? Will they bless the 6s class? What did they ever do the Verizon… other than subscribe. The good news here – is – that as glacial as Android is with the updates, they aren’t all that essential. The updates sell features that you have never had… you are being told that you want them. Also… it’s great that it’s free… The update is worth every penny that you paid for it. So – not getting something that you don’t need and didn’t ask for – for money that you never paid… isn’t all that bad of a deal… Then Verizon steps in with its non-value added contribution. This slows the process even further. By the time Verizon is finished bloating the code, even more lettered releases appear on the horizon… N, O, P, etc. Which may displace the much exalted M – all together… and, Is that bad? You are still not paying for it. You still didn’t ask for it. You still don’t need it. So, does it ever matter, which version of the next shiny new OS that you aren’t actually getting? The hype seems totally unaffected. These are the same guys that barely got KitKat and Lolipop to stop coughing up blood… and, those two combined only pulled 37% of the market share for Samsung. Marshmallow is languishing at 2.3% – after 4 months. This is almost as much fun to watch as MicroSloth WinWoes rolling out their free WinWoes Tin…. 03/31/2016 Amy Sweet Reply Did the Marshmallow update and I can no longer lock my phone. I have received help online but it only band-aids the issue. It stays locked once then no locking. How can this be fixed? I have the 6 Edge 03/31/2016 RL3 Reply Amy- what carrier are you with? 03/31/2016 Amy Sweet Reply US Cellular 03/31/2016 Ben Reply What is going on with AT&T STILL NO UPDATE! 05/01/2016 david smith Reply Samsung has confirmed that Marshmallow will soon be out for the Galaxy S6 on the second largest mobile carrier, AT&T in the United States. CHECK out detail http://goo.gl/Gwjyq2 04/01/2016 Isaac Evans Reply Verizon S6 edge update in progress! 04/01/2016 RL3 Reply Isaac – ME TOO! And, IDK why, but I think I have decided to go look at the S7 Edge today, of all days. lol 04/01/2016 Stan Reply Good luck with those Verizon updates. (I hope your phone is under warranty) 04/01/2016 RL3 Reply Spent the past hour and a half with it, so far no brick! 04/01/2016 Alexious Reply I already got the mm update on my s6 in Malaysia 04/02/2016 Tiger Reply When will samsung galaxy a5 will get Marshmallow update. 04/02/2016 Fady Hehsam Reply I’m from egypt and the Marshmallow update hasn’t come yet for the galaxy S5 04/02/2016 Csm Reply How the hell did verizon do the note 5, skip the s6 edge plus (which is virtually identical to the note 5 hardware-wise) and give s6 and s6 edge marshmallow? And i read the posts saying negative things about the update. I had similar experiences updating my s4 from kitkat to lollipop years ago. If its not the os the phone launched with its gonna have probs aclamating to the new os. Be paitent for patches and bug fixes. 04/05/2016 Brandon Moe Reply Update has bugs they need to work out. My phone will now randomly pulse vibrate for no reason at all 04/05/2016 Alexey Proskurin Reply I aready received 6.0.1 update in Bell (Canada) 04/05/2016 Mamalama Reply Ive got a galaxy s5 in australia and my phone is 5.0 but i have the 6.0 internet app does that mean telstra is testing. 04/05/2016 Marsha Setzer Reply Got the update today. Now im having wifi issues. Even if I turn off mobile data and don’t let it toggle, Everything is taking so long that it just times out and im sitting right in front of the router. And my play store isnt working correctly either. I hate these updates 08/24/2016 Caroline Eadie Reply Samsung seems to be the only phone’s having trouble on mm I updated a Moto g3 for my 11 yr old no problem at all 04/05/2016 Sean Giles Reply I just got my OTA 6.01 update for my Sprint Galaxy Note 5 here in San Diego, CA. Just FYI 04/06/2016 Joe Price Reply Updated this morning and all of my settings are screwed up – not happy!!! 04/07/2016 Bill Wright Reply I find the color changes in the notification panel and text message center are too subdued. It’s like some kind of funky grey. What’s with that? Try reading that in a low light condition. How can I replace my former colors. 04/07/2016 Richard Mauro Ricchiuti Reply I ran the 6.0.1 update a couple of nights ago and found the gallery folder with nearly 200 edits/photos using the App Snapseed empty! Snapseed is owned by Google, thus connecting with a developer is going to be a nearly impossible. Snapseed is wonderful photo editing app and it creates its own folder for edits made in the app. Before the 6.0.1 update I had edited 194 photos. They are now all gone. :( 04/07/2016 Richard Mauro Ricchiuti Reply I ran the 6.0.1 update a couple of nights ago on my Sprint Note 5 and found the gallery folder with nearly 200 edits/photos using the App Snapseed empty! Snapseed is owned by Google, thus connecting with a developer is going to be a nearly impossible. Snapseed is wonderful photo editing app and it creates its own folder for edits made in the app. Before the 6.0.1 update I had edited 194 photos. They are now all gone. :( 04/07/2016 elyse shearer Reply i cannot open my text messages folder at all… completely blank screen. the phone is overheating, and it keeps shutting off. wth am i supposed to do with this garbage when i depend on this phone for both of my jobs. 04/07/2016 Nicole Price Reply Thank you for making me HATE my new phone! I loved it before you terrible update. I hate the new colors, or lack there of, you have for my notification bar. My text message screen now hurts my eyes to look at. I will be looking into a new phone now. 04/07/2016 Derrick Reply Still waiting for att galaxy s5 SM-G900A marshmallow update does anyone have a clue when it’s going to be here 04/07/2016 Margaret Reply See …!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 2512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Are you from that company SPAM N SCAM? I think they’re based in Nigeria and use Western Union is s means to rip off victims that get sucked in. Your post doesn’t have place here. BEWARE! 04/08/2016 jennifer Reply I just did the update for my S6 and now the talk to text function is gone. Anyone else having this issue? 04/09/2016 Jessica Reply Me too!!! 04/09/2016 Jessica Reply Okay I just found it. If you hold down the button where it used to be it now is a settings icon it will be there 04/08/2016 Scott Michael (@on3wingedang3l) Reply Just bought an lg g3. Updated months ago. Screw you samsung I’m done with your late in the game services. S3 and s5 both are horrible phones 04/29/2016 Robert denaro Denaro Reply If you are T-Mobile and AT&T’s LG G3 custoers then you would be happy to know that your device started getting Marshmallow update today. here is how to update manually http://goo.gl/f7LxnH 04/08/2016 Derrick Reply 04/08/2016 Derrick Still waiting for att galaxy s5 SM-G900A marshmallow update does anyone have a clue when it’s going to be here 04/08/2016 Liz Reply The new update is absolute crap!!!!!! Now my autocorrect replaces REAL words that I have spelled CORRECTLY with words it THINKS I meant and makes me look stupid. Someone can text and ask how I am. I reply “I’m good!” And it corrects the word good and changes it to “not” so I wind up sending “I’m not!” It’s beyond agitating!!! And if I turn it off completely, then I’m left with it correcting nothing at all. So now I’ll have to download a less idiotic keyboard to use and eastern space on my note 5 to do so. this is BS. And that’s just one of the issues. 04/13/2016 Samantha Castaneda Reply I am having the same issue. It is driving me crazy!! If you find out how to fix it, please let me know! 05/05/2016 Christina Merager Reply I’m so glad I’m not the only one. It’s absolutely driving me insane. It’s unbelievable! The fact that the word is spelled Completely correct and it just changes it??? Why?? And sometimes to just a letter! But I’ve noticed it only does it for words that you add a (?) Or (!) to the end of. Not that that helps. 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply I just wanted to put the info out that my Sammy & Sprint Note 4 had received the Marshmallow 6.0.1 near the end of March. My update was just short of 1.4 GB. It has improved my Note by making it feel smoother and more intuitive. It seems to also be a bit lighter as in not so bloated, but I’m unable to confirm that as a fact. The only area I’m disappointed, and it’s a great disservice to us owners in my opinion, I no longer can move apps to the SD card. It’s not even accessable, as in moving apps to it, unless I’m missing something. This in my opinion is a real failure by Sammy. It just confirms my previous plan to go Nexus next time around. 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Sorry for my redundancy at the end there. 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply OK so there actually IS a way to transfer files from phone memory to a mounted SD card. If anybody’s interested, I’ll post the path to get file transfers done the Marshmallow way. Standby… 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply This may help some or all who have received Marshmallow and are having issues with the apps not acting right, the Wi-Fi or etc. This is worth trying once. Learn where you do this on your particular phone as I don’t know about all is of them. I do know I did this to my Sammy Note 4 on Sprint and it helped with crashing apps after updating. Clear all cache. Then reboot. See if it helps. Hint: some devices have a setting menu for this, others you shut off the phone then get to the restore screen to clear cache. Afterwards in either, do a reboot if possible. 04/09/2016 Landon R Caviness Reply Come on AT&T… By far the slowest carrier for updates… 04/10/2016 Ehsan Reply I am overall pleased with the marshmallow update in note 5 features are great interface just goto better, the only thing annoying to me is the grey strip on the top notification panel where battery indicator time etc are located. Any one know how to get rid of it? I really like the old panel without any background color. 04/10/2016 laptop servis Reply it isnt out in my country yet… cant w8 to update.. this waiting is so bothersome!!! 04/10/2016 Samiu94 Reply Hi, I bought Note 4 from Qatar a year ago still haven’y received update for Marshmallow. Can you advise when can I expect it. 04/11/2016 EMG Reply got the update in the States for Verizon, Since I have updated several apps will crash, and Samsung Milk will stream then buffer after about 60 seconds. 04/11/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Try clearing app cache or cache of whole phone and reboot. Also attempt app updates to see if newer versions are available. 04/11/2016 WALT Reply SWIPE TO DELETE ON EMAIL IS NO LONGER AVAILABLE. EMAIL MUST BE OPENED AND DELETED FROM THE VIEWING PANE. 04/11/2016 Derrick Reply At&t is taking to long to release marshmallow on galaxy s5 getting inpatient ughhhh 05/10/2016 J Reply Yep you’re not the only one, and I’m not sure If it’s worth it with all the negative reviews. 04/11/2016 rafeba Reply Bell Canada is rolling out Marshmallow for S6 edge right now! 04/11/2016 Michael Reply Verizon GS6+ MM update downloading now and I have literally stalked the system check for updates button. 04/11/2016 Tony Reply Is it samsung or is it AT&T?.. They both seem to be the last one to deliver 04/11/2016 Derrick Reply I feel the same I’ve been waiting long time ughh 04/14/2016 Johnathan McFadden Reply It’s att trying to add all the bloat and company crap no one wants. I gave up and sold my S6 edge+ I got a Nexus 6p and I love it so far. 04/11/2016 Loretta Reply hmmm!!!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 2512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 04/11/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Apparently, one skill you don’t need is knowing how to type correctly. This just may be a scam folks. Bet they pay via Western Union where you relay cash after overpayment. Special offer if you opt into being ripped off this week is a new iScam 6S and a Bolex watch. 04/11/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply OhBTW we only have to work this many hours for SpamNScamRUs per month28.8735632184. Nice uneven working hours or month,or should I say incredibly made up garbage! Oops was I supposed to put a space between words? SarcasticDave94 sarcasm of the hour. 04/11/2016 Chout Reply Unreal…Samsung is such a joke…Rogers is even worse. Where is my Note 4 update!? 04/12/2016 Rockwailer Reply Got it yesterday for S6 in Argentina (provider Movistar). Awful colours in drop down menu…Worst of all, DOUBLE BLOCK SCREEN with pattern option…with no apparent solution unless fingerprint block is set. Swipe deleting e-mails working as usual. 04/12/2016 Angel Reply My microphone is gone on my texting.. why can’t I use my talk text thing anymore after this update? I have us cellular just barely updated.. 05/25/2016 Lorie Moore Reply I found the answer above. Hold your finger on the icon where the microphone used to be. 4 new icons will appear. The microphone is one of them. 04/12/2016 Moe4chat Reply I have received the update on my GS5 and not if I do not back out of my text, the keyboard does not disappear when the phone times out and locks. I can not access the pattern to unlock the phone. I have to turn the phone off in order to access the phone again.. This is terrible. When will it be fixed? 06/17/2016 Michael Reply Experiencing the exact same problem on Galaxy Note 4. 04/13/2016 HORRIBLE UPDATE Reply I received the update from T MOBILE on my Galaxy S6 yesterday and wish they wouldn’t have pushed it out. Is it surprising that they screwed this up too? They are now having to send customers new phones, as the update has effectively made all phones that received it an expensive paper weight! T Mobile figures out new ways to disappoint every day! Wish I would have never moved off of Verizon! 04/13/2016 Lu Reply The talk to text button is on the setting wheel when you are in the keyboard. You have to hold down the wheel until the options with the microphone pop upl. 04/13/2016 Amber Reply Ever since I updated my Galaxy S6 from Sprint I can no longer connect to wifi. It looks like it is but then no, nothing will load. At first I was using data instead, but now I’m having issues with that too. My phone has become pretty much unusable. So upset, and there’s nothing anyone can seem to do about it. 04/14/2016 Charbel Geagea Reply I live in lebanon and I’m not getting touchwiz 6.0 and marshmallow on my s6 04/15/2016 lsv87 Reply I have Galaxy S6 Edge, marshmallow is awesome for DOZE and saving battery but I have a MAJOR gripe with lockscreen security. Before, switching back and forth between fingerprint and nothing was super easy. Use fingerprints to identify, choose none, that’s it. Now it is fricken ridiculous and annoying as hell cause it asks for your backup password or code, then you select none, then it ALWAYS says cancel/delete fingerprints/keep fingerprints, even if you select keep fingerprints it asks for you to create a backup passcode TWICE which you already have!!!!!!!!!!!!! Why would they do this absolute nonsense?????????? 04/15/2016 Cindi Riggins Reply The update ruined my phone. Can’t use Maps or update apps on WiFi. Have s6 and have had 3 phones. Was told to get a iPhone because there are so many problems and not known when an update will be released to fix update. Can’t use my calendar and I am lost without it. Wont sinc on wifi or data. Took it to Best Buy to Samsung tech and they can’t figure it out. Help!!! 04/15/2016 Amber Mcd Reply Hate this update! Why cant we have an option to change from marshmallow. new color sucks , hurts my eyes and it is so bight in the dark. I also hate the lag it had put on my keyboard and the swipe feels off as well as the pauses and spaces it puts in between words. It has next messed up many of my gaming… the screen is super zoomed in and you cannot see to whole area. It has already messed up many times when I have tried to log in. Can we please have the option to choose something different than marshmallow??!@ 04/16/2016 Sarahdbrown Reply Really Wonderful new jobs…!!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 52512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 04/16/2016 Rajesh Shetty Reply multiple issues with the new update. screen write problems if u lift tbe s pen off the screen and the notification bar loss after the update. no patch out yet and surprisingly not a lot of noise about it. hope samsung fixes it soon. 04/17/2016 Tarek Reply When the android 6.0.1 updates roll out for galaxy SM-J700H 04/17/2016 pratik shrestha Reply When the android 6.0.1 updates roll out for Samsung galaxy note 5 SM-N920T 04/17/2016 kam Reply notification panel is not showing in my galaxy note 4. 04/18/2016 Lars Reply Well, it’s now the 18th. AT&T still hasn’t rolled out Marshmallow for my S6 Edge, but with all the issues that people are listing here over the past few days, I hope that’s a good thing… 04/18/2016 NOTE 5 Reply My microphone icon is gone from my keyboard on my Note 5. It is replaced with a smiley face. How do I speech to text on messages? I just installed marshmallow. 05/25/2016 Lorie Moore Reply Hold down the smiley face. New icons will appear. Microphone is one of them. 04/18/2016 NOTE 5 Reply I get a pop up message for a text message regardless of whether my phone is locked and I have notifications off on my Note 5. How do I turn it off? 04/19/2016 Tom Thompson Reply Galaxy Note 5 after Marshmallow update, crashes my Toyota Entune system during contact transfer in my 2015 Highlander, if I turn off contact transfer it works, but what’s the point to that, I still have to pick up my phone to access contacts. The whole point to hands free is to be hands free. Lots of wifi issues, and many symptoms as others have stated. Between not working in the car anymore and the tremendous keyboard lag, Marshmallow has got to he the worst version yet. I downloaded 5.1.1 from sammobile.com and reflashed to downgrade. I’m hoping Amdroid N isn’t far behind. 04/20/2016 Enajrowe Reply Ｉ ᴊᴜｓᴛ ɢᴏᴛ ᴘᴀɪᴅ 6784ＵＳＤ ᴡᴏʀᴋɪɴɢ ᴏғғ ᴍʏ ʟᴀᴘᴛᴏᴘ ᴛʜɪｓ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ａɴᴅ ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ᴛʜᴀᴛ’ｓ ᴄᴏᴏʟ, ᴍʏ ᴅɪᴠᴏʀᴄᴇᴅ ғʀɪᴇɴᴅ ʜᴀｓ ᴛᴡɪɴ ᴛᴏᴅᴅʟᴇʀｓ ᴀɴᴅ ᴍᴀᴅᴇ ᴏᴠᴇʀ $9ᴋ ʜᴇʀ ғɪʀｓᴛ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ｉᴛ ғᴇᴇʟｓ ｓᴏ ɢᴏᴏᴅ ᴍᴀᴋɪɴɢ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ᴍᴏɴᴇʏ ᴡʜᴇɴ ᴏᴛʜᴇʀ ᴘᴇᴏᴘʟᴇ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴡᴏʀᴋ ғᴏʀ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ʟᴇｓｓ. Ｔʜɪｓ ɪｓ ᴡʜᴀᴛ Ｉ ᴅᴏ ….. See More 04/20/2016 Alejandro Reply Just received my update for my Sprint Note 4 Edge. Here are the details. Size: 1474.19 MB Version: N915PVPU4DPD1/N915PSPT4DPD1/N915PVPU4DPD1 · OS upgrade – Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow · To get the best from your device, please keep your phone up to date and regularly check for software updates. ※ Fingerprints are securely protected. An alternative unlock method (pattern, PIN, or password) is required to add fingerprints. ※ Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow does not support the Decrypt device function. If your mobile device is encrypted, encryption cannot be disabled after upgrading. If you want encryption to be disabled after upgrading, it must be disabled before you upgrade your device. To disable encryption go to Settings – Lock screen and security – Other security settings, then select Decrypt device. ※ If the Samsung Gear or Gear Fit Manager app does not work normally after this upgrade, uninstall the app, then install the latest version. This will reset your Gear to factory default settings and all data on your Gear will be erased. ※ Some apps that were installed via the Lollipop OS may need to be updated after upgrading to the Marshmallow OS. Go to Galaxy Apps or Play Store to update apps. 04/21/2016 Charles Reply Marshmallow… 6.0.1 – over hyped… bloated… non-plused…. overall = not bad. For a Samsung Galaxy s6 edge+ / with Verizon, it’s not all that bad. My phone did not brick. My phone is not coughing up blood. The battery does not die… though – I’m not quite sure that the super enhanced improvement is there… The battery is doing ok.. not noticeably worse. The graphic depiction of projected duration is longer… I haven’t tried running it out to 12 hours yet… I don’t run enough BlueTooth peripherals to show a problem… It says its still there… I’m taking it at its word. The WiFi… may have had a problem – or, not…. The home WiFi didn’t skip a beat. The historical archive of pre-existing connections did ok, too… Scanning for potential – new – WiFis could be a problem – or, not… it could just work differently. I’ve had to re-register on a couple of hubs… So far, no big deal. The phone does not get mysteriously hot… or, cold… It does not randomly buzz, vibrate, reboot – or, speak in tongues. All the apps seem to have made it. The app store(s) are still there… — there is a special permission for non-PlayStore apps… Click a button and the Amazon apps, etc… are good to go. The GPS is doing ok. It appears to be doing every bit as well as the old Lollipop… It may be a schoosh faster – snappier. Schoosh…is a technical digital device term = barely noticeable. The user interface “is” slightly different… enough to annoy… I can’t see much of a wow factor in it. The “edge” feature is different… (? better ?)… It’s only better if you were a heavy user to begin with. If you had never bonded to the feature to begin with.. this probably isn’t going to get you anymore involved. So far, Marshmallow is a benevolent improvement. It has done no noticeable harm. I haven’t lost any capabilities. It may even be an improvement – overall. I can’t dodge the feeling that I am missing something… with all the fanfare, there should be some sort of wow-factor that justifies all the hype… Sometimes ya just have to take it as it is… at least, it didn’t set me back. I would recommend it – if I only knew – why? 04/21/2016 Elle Reply Thank you 04/22/2016 Lisa Miceli Reply UGH…not a fan of the update at all. Every since the update my phone has issues with Maas360 for work emails (constantly tells me it cannot connect to the mail server) and facebook randomly tells me it cannot connect either. I am on my home wifi and never had an issue prior to the update. very frustrating!!!!! 04/22/2016 Pisces_jss Reply I’m having some problems since updating my S6, facebook isn’t working well..says check your internet connections, keyboard stuck when i need to confirm on a provider’s sms etc etc. 04/24/2016 Jenniferdpearman Reply nice.,,,!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 52512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 04/24/2016 InfamousTommyT-Bone Reply GET A REAL JOB BITCH! 04/27/2016 Lovegin Reply ITS NOT AN UPDRADE. ITS A DE – GRADE This update is not good…. # I lost my call recordings. Now call recordings not possible. # in the action memo you cant write & directly save the written phone number to contacts. That option is missing. # Ikons looks rounded… Not at all good looking. NOTHING SPECIAL OR VISIBLE & OFCOURSE YOU ARE MISSING A LOT. CAN I CANCELL THIS UPDATE & GO BACK TO OLD ONE. NOW I AM NOT FEELING GOOD WITH MY NOTE 04/27/2016 Cindi Riggins Reply Update is horrible! Samsung needs to come up with a update to fix marshmallow update. Using way to much data because most won’t work on wifi. HELP 04/28/2016 Nitesh Reply When the exynos varient S5 will recove update SM G900H ? its end of april nd we didnt recived in g900h varient…. How much wait more ? 04/30/2016 laptop servis Reply This looks promising. I didnt get 6.0 update yet cuz im from serbia but i guess i soon will. :) 05/02/2016 Princess Anne Reply I also got the update for 6.0.1. Is there a user/guest mode on the update for samsung galaxy s6? Most of the features doesn’t work now. Like the notifications are gone, developer options says “it doesn’t work for this user”, multitasking app doesn’t work, home and back button is the only one the works. Please help. 05/02/2016 Charles Reply Marshmallow 6.0.1 doesn’t seem to be all that bad…. Eventually, it automatically downloaded, then the annoying window was there for about a week every time you unlocked the screen. I finally consented for it to install… (Verizon Samsung Galaxy s6 edge plus) It blinked and buzzed… blinked some more.. went dark… for awhile… lit back up… did some more blinking… buzzed…. – after a bit, it looked like it was gunna actually do sumthun… The start screen lit up and it jingled its jangle… Then there was much flashing and an occasional buzz…. Once it finished convulsing, I went for a shut down, which it did. After a few moments of calm, I started it back up again. This time it started with less fan fare… about as quickly as Lollipop… It still wanted to do some tweaking… So, for the first half hour or so – it was clunky. Whatever the upgrade is – it takes time to digest. Over the following week or so… mileage has varied. Nothing bad… = but, no wow factor either. The battery usage is some where between psychotic and bewildering. Sometimes it predicts 8 hours… sometimes 3 days. There are weird slopes in the discharge curve, which effect the battery life prognostications. It may depend on signal strength, whether or not WiFi is enabled… and/or the strength of the WiFi signal.. It may also be effected by back ground app updates and the relative signal strengths during those processes.. and, There may be god knows what going on with apps optimizations. I have not let this thing go for 3 days and attained the promised duration… Before I could get 8hr, 12hrs… maybe 16 hrs… before an auto shut down. The best to date with marshmallow – I’ve gotten down to around 30 – 40% in power savings mode in about 22 hrs…. which is an improvement. I just don’t know if I can believe it. The digital services seem to be a bit snappier, quicker. No big difference with calls, gps, bluetooth, or WiFi… The searching and notifications of “new” WiFi signals may be different – but, the devices seems to connect to the old connections – ok. Basically, It hasn’t screwed much of anything up…. I have a very undemanding regimen for the device. What I had it doing – it still does, which is all I asked for. The new “can’t live without features” – eh… just not all that into them, yet. They aren’t bad… I bought the edge plus for the bigger screen – not so much for the edge technology. There’s nothing wrong with it… just wasn’t a big deal to begin with. With all the tapping, dragging, swiping, pinching, spreading… another way of doing the same stuff just adds another layer of confusion to the process… Still, the edge stuff works… The edge bar is bigger.. If I used it, it would be helpful. I can definitely say, that it was worth every penny I paid for it. It has done no damage. No data lost. No performance lost. No functionality lost. The learning curve for the new features is negligible. This positions the device to take advantage of new features in my existing apps. So far – so good…. It may be a benefit for battery usage and charging It will probably be better on my Samsung Galaxy Tab s2… 05/02/2016 Dustin Hall Reply My S6 updated to Marshmallow this morning and I’m getting all these errors: messaging app totally not working, laggy overload for every app, not recognizing my thumbprint, battery draining exceptionally fast. Help! What do I do to fix this?! 08/24/2016 Caroline Eadie Reply After installing mm make sure to backup your photos data etc and factory reset it should sort everything as you may have residue left from lollipop 05/03/2016 Devs Reply @editors Can I suggest that someone contacts Rogers PR and find out what is going on with the delay. They are providing no details to their users and it is causing an uproar on their forums with no official notice. It would be interesting to have a site like yours investigate and get an official statement. 05/03/2016 Wearables Tech Reply I didnt get 6.0 update yet. 05/03/2016 Udon Reply I bought a Nexus 6P used…selling my Note 4. Done with Samsung…forever. 05/04/2016  Apple Store New Oleans Reply It blows me away that Samsung has convinced the world that people need to buy their garbage. I bought the Galxaxy S6 just to I could use VR Gear .Other than VR, I don’t see any practical iuse for it. Even the most basic things (like finding the IMEI were difficult) and it doesn’t seem to flow s fluid as iPnone does. No iCloud, no iTunes, no FaceTime, no seamless integration with Mac. I will say this: I love being able to add extra stprage to the Android, and though Google Maps and YouTube works great on the Android, gut not on the iPhone. It’s almost as if they crippled the Google apps on iPhone to make it seem lie iPhones sucks. Nice try Samsung, you get no resoect from e, 05/04/2016 Rabih Almokdad Reply Totaly dissappointed from samsung ,I have a note 4 device and until now there is no update to android 6, even the update of android 5 came 2-3 monthes late, plus the update of os is in the name, nothing new in the software. Samsung and android brings dissappointment and failure to convict me again to buy or to use even for free their products. 05/05/2016 khesselsees hessels Reply Anyone want to buy the s6 edge sm-925f unlocked 64gb gold with wireless charger and case ( no headphones) Excelent condition. 500 $ (You pay transportation costs) I am gonna get myself a htc 10…. sick of waiting 05/07/2016 Nitesh Reply what about s5 Smg900h ? when it wll recove marshmallow ? Exynos Varient 05/08/2016 John Reply I have the S5 and I did an update this morning now my phone is not working. It’s just blinking the home screen backdrop but no apps and it doesn’t make it to the welcome screen. This is Mothers Day and I have no phone to text or call. Thanks a million android! 05/08/2016 Tom Thompson Reply Hi there. Try powering off the phone, then boot to recovery mode (hold the home button, the volume up button, and power at the same time) when recovery mode appears, select “wipe cache partition” then reboot. Hope that helps, if not, go back to recovery and do a factory reset. 05/08/2016 Andy Tan Reply just want to know that when can get the update for malaysia ? and in malaysia , S5 will get 6.0 or 6.0.1.. thx 06/03/2016 Ed Reply You’re better off without the update. Stay with the 5.0 05/09/2016 Cesar Reply I just got my update two days ago and I have some issues. The notification panel has disappeared and when i try to edit it, it has nothing. No icons whatsoeve . Also, the pen isn’t working, I don’t get the wheel with options. I trying setting it up again, reset the phone and nothing works. Any help would be appreciate it. Thanks 05/09/2016 Cathyjcox Reply yes 05/09/2016 Cathyjcox Reply Ｉ Ａᴍ ᴍＡᴋɪɴɢ 84ＵＳＤ ᴘᴇʀ ʜᴏᴜʀ Ａɴᴅ Ａʟᴍᴏｓᴛ 16784ＵＳＤ ᴘᴇʀ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ ᴘＡʀᴛ ᴛɪᴍᴇ ᴏɴ ᴍʏ ʟᴀᴘᴛᴏᴘ ᴏɴ ᴛʜᴇ ɢᴏᴏɢʟᴇ .ᴛʜɪｓ ᴛᴏᴛʟʏ ᴄʜＡɴɢᴇ ᴍʏ ʟɪғᴇ Ａɴᴅ ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ᴛʜᴀᴛ’ｓ ᴄᴏᴏʟ,Ｉ ғᴇᴇʟｓ ｓᴏ ɢᴏᴏᴅ ᴍᴀᴋɪɴɢ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ᴍᴏɴᴇʏ Ｔʜɪｓ ɪｓ ᴡʜᴀᴛ Ｉ ᴅᴏ ….. See More 05/10/2016 Jacob Reply I updated my s5 today and I was just wondering if anyone else has had the same problem has I have….I can deal with the app covers shapes but has anyone had any problems when they want to change the notification vibration pattern for text? I like to keep my phone on silent 24/7 so I don’t bother others, so before I updated it, it had a solid long vibrate and was able to feel it to let me know I got a message but now it’s just 2 really fast buzzes that I can barely feel….it tells me I can set the vibration to the pattern I want but it’s still the 2 quick buzzes….can anyone help me or has anyone had the same problem happen to them??? 05/10/2016 Zachary Munden Reply I wanted to tell everyone that U.S. Cellular has sent out the 6.0 update! 05/11/2016 Brian Reply I wanted to pass this along to owners of the Galaxy Note 4 SM-N910AZKEATT. I am an AT&T customer and like many of you I have been awaiting the Galaxy Note 4 Marshmallow update, but I have been waiting for it for very different reasons. Some owners of the phone may be waiting for it for the same reasons as well. Here is the problem:   Since the internet released that AT&T rolled out the Galaxy Note 4 Marshmallow update overseas, Google App vendors have been upgrading their softwares for the Note in anticipation of the Marshmallow Platform Update. If you are like me and you have been paying attention, these Google Play Apps update sometime 1 to 5 times weekly. With the updates being installed, the phone begins to freeze in certain applications. The phone may allow you close out the application so you may relaunch it, but in my instance this also means removing the battery cover (waiting for a time) and restarting the device. The reason I have now been told 5 times by AT&T tech reps is that the phone has not been updated with the software needed to support the updated Apps. So basically, between 1 to 6 times daily my device freezes.   Now, when I became upset about this was when I was told to upgrade to a new device, instead of being told when the Marshmallow Update would be released. Basically, my device is acting like it has a virus but is actually working as intended but is having a problem with software in Apps versus Platform issue. This meant I was being told upgrade a perfectly good working phone when there was nothing actually wrong with it. I got to thinking about how many AT&T customers are being told this, who may not be asking the right questions and I became even angrier, as they are throwing money at the company for a problem that is easily fixed:   1.       Either they indicate the Galaxy Note 4 is not going to be upgraded in the US, which causes vendors to stop notifying your phone to upgrade Apps. 2.       Or, they upgrade the phone to Marshmallow Software in the US post haste.   Basically I am outlining a very poor customer service issue. This is either due to AT&T’s negligence, Samsung’s negligence, or Googles. When you call to speak with anyone about this, they point the finger elsewhere as the problem. Warranty sent me a refurbished device to see if it will work better for me. It is on its way. I doubt it will, because of the issues I have been having. I thought I would pass this along to encourage all with a Galaxy Note 4 to call AT&T if you have been told to upgrade your device unnecessarily.   I upgrade, normally to a new phone 1x a year. As a present to myself on my birthday. This is the first time I did not upgrade as I was not happy with the lack of expandable memory in the Note 5. So I kept the phone. So now almost 2 years later, I am having all of these problems with a perfectly good phone and due to lack of SOFTWARE SUPPORT.  I hope me explaining this issues helps address your problem if you are having the same issue yourself. I encourage you to complain. Perhaps this will induce them to release the software, or finally release that they have no intention of doing so. Which also fixes the problem. 05/16/2016 Eric Johnson Reply Very nicely said. You brought out all the problems I was having. After I read your very long message, I was really with on most points. My final thought was I’m going to have to complain and complain. So like you said, complain about these issues were having. Maybe, just maybe that will work. Let’s hope that works. 05/11/2016 Shanna Hall Reply My Galaxy S6 Says That It Is Up to date But My Phone Is Still On lollipop. I haven’t even gotten the option to get marshmallow yet. I have at&t by the way. 05/13/2016 George Reply Why does this site keep showing it’s been updated with new information and staying at the top of the search engine list. Is it because of people leaving comments? It’s pretty dumb if that’s the case. There is nothing new here to read about, it’s the same info over and over again as well as people saying they got the update or complaining that android sucks and the marshmallow update ruined their phone 05/16/2016 Mike Reply Look at the date of the post. I searched it today (the 16th of May) and it says it was updated…today. I bet if I come back tomorrow and refresh it will say it was updated on the 17th. Nice trick. 05/13/2016 Wissam458s Reply Still haven’t gotten the update marshmallow for my galaxy note 4 SM-910H 05/14/2016 Giura Adrian Reply Hello, Since I upgraded to android software Marshmallow on notes 4 and I only problems for example: – Calls are heard very bad compared to the previous software. – Mirroring the screen goes wifi internet did not. – Sound comes very slowly closing or pressing keyboard. – Sta greatly from opening after restart. – A weak signal on the phone. My advice do not yet upgraded to a Marshmallow regret. 05/14/2016 Rebeccad Casper Reply See Really nice!Ｉ ᴊᴜｓᴛ ɢᴏᴛ ᴘᴀɪᴅ 6784ＵＳＤ ᴡᴏʀᴋɪɴɢ ᴏғғ ᴍʏ ʟᴀᴘᴛᴏᴘ ᴛʜɪｓ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ａɴᴅ ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ᴛʜᴀᴛ’ｓ ᴄᴏᴏʟ, ᴍʏ ᴅɪᴠᴏʀᴄᴇᴅ ғʀɪᴇɴᴅ ʜᴀｓ ᴛᴡɪɴ ᴛᴏᴅᴅʟᴇʀｓ ᴀɴᴅ ᴍᴀᴅᴇ ᴏᴠᴇʀ $9ᴋ ʜᴇʀ ғɪʀｓᴛ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ｉᴛ ғᴇᴇʟｓ ｓᴏ ɢᴏᴏᴅ ᴍᴀᴋɪɴɢ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ᴍᴏɴᴇʏ ᴡʜᴇɴ ᴏᴛʜᴇʀ ᴘᴇᴏᴘʟᴇ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴡᴏʀᴋ ғᴏʀ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ʟᴇｓｓ. Ｔʜɪｓ ɪｓ ᴡʜᴀᴛ Ｉ ᴅᴏ ….. See More 06/30/2016 AnnGuilbert (@AnnGuilbert00) Reply See more 05/16/2016 kek Reply I have the S5 for Tmobile (USA), when is gonna be released? it has been in the “Testing phase” since march and still haven’t heard much. 05/16/2016 pradeep ghay Reply FOR MY SAMSUNG GALAXY S5 , I HAVE LOST ALL MY PHONE’S FEATURES LIKE GREYSCALE MODE , IN POWER SAVING MODE , AND INSTEAD A IRRITATING GREY BAR IN TOP IS SHOWN WHEN POWER SAVING US ACTIVATED , ITS VERY POOR MODE , NOT SAVING ANY BATTERY, 6.0.1 is WORSE THEN LOLIPOP 5.0 , samsung taking back all good features , from galaxy s5 , as it is upgrading the software , 1st smart scroll, when updated to lolipop . 2nd took back options for power saving , which were in at the time of lolipop , when now giving 6.0.1 update. 3rd took back greyscale mode in power saving when gave 6.0.1 update . 4th power saving grey bar is shown, it looks odd , and it looks as we are using a phone on for which we havent paid to samsung. 5th poor battery efficiency , in 6.0.1 , both in normal as well as power saving modes . 6th heating problems cant be fixed ever. I think kitkat was best for galaxy s5 phones, at least all the features were present in it that time . 06/03/2016 Ed Reply Not to mention the fingerprint scanner unable to work. Rebooting has become a norm for my S5. Software seems to lag. Stick to the Lollipop 5.0 if you’re using a S5. 05/17/2016 Brodie Yg Reply Feel sorry for people that own Samsung products there so old and outdated, with an OS that’s has already been ditched by Google. Google customers are already running Android 7.0 while the rest of use wait for 6.0.1 which really offers no great new features unlike N which has inline replies split screen for multi tasking, night and day modes and hundreds of new features Samsung won’t ever get. Most Samsung’s still run lollipop, while I run the new modern OS Android 7 which came via an OTA as soon as I got my lg nexus which runs pure Android not some dodgy rip off touch wiz crap. Samsung’s owners are some of the last to ever get updates even smaller brands already have marshmallow out of the box. I also get updates before any other brand for the life of the phone not for a limited time like none Google branded phones. I like to get my updates fast not years after its release. 05/17/2016 Brodie Yg Reply And I can’t believe how people think it’s hard to find an imei number in Android it’s a 5 digut dialler code *#06# it’s that simple unlike Apple were you have to go through multiple screen to get such information. 05/17/2016 TBen Reply Te reason why most people buy Samsung phones and not Nexus is because Nexus is just a piece of crap. Google should not be in the business of making smartphones, it should stick to providing and maintain the android platform. 05/17/2016 Mike Reply This update caused my Galaxy S5 to wipe and reset to factory default. Verizon support was unhelpful. Thankfully I had a lot of data backed up to the cloud and I dumped all my pictures and videos onto my PC 2 days before this happened. Be careful with this update! 05/17/2016 JRuge Reply Do you guys ever report any NEW news and information instead of re-hashing the same information with a new date? 05/19/2016 Jamario Souza Reply With my Galaxy S5 (SM-G900K) the worst thing after this update is that I simply lost LTE connection. Only acces 3G. With Android 5 I could manage Network Band and select my prefered band, but now I have no access to it. In March it updated to Android 6.0, this month it updated to 6.0.1 and the shit continues. I cannot unlock phone using fingerprint after rebooting phone. It seems to me that Android M has taken a step backwards with my device. 05/19/2016 Samba Samm Reply when is it coming to Brazil? 05/20/2016 Donna Dunn Reply I do not like the Yahoo news feed. Can I change it to MSN or any other, and how? 05/20/2016 Matt Reply Just want to confirm that the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 (SM-N910F) has received the Marshmallow update. Carrier: Vodafone UK. 05/20/2016 Marcome Yates Reply I did the AT&T update for S6 Edge and I noticed the battery drains faster since the update. Reminds me of when I updated my S4 to Lollipop and battery life sucked. I don’t want to try a factory reset. I tried that once with my S4 and it never helped. Hate my fast charger still makes the phone hot at times when charging. 05/21/2016 Mariaelawrence Reply Ｉ ᴊᴜｓᴛ ɢᴏᴛ ᴘᴀɪᴅ 6784ＵＳＤ ᴡᴏʀᴋɪɴɢ ᴏғғ ᴍʏ ʟᴀᴘᴛᴏᴘ ᴛʜɪｓ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ａɴᴅ ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ᴛʜᴀᴛ’ｓ ᴄᴏᴏʟ, ᴍʏ ᴅɪᴠᴏʀᴄᴇᴅ ғʀɪᴇɴᴅ ʜᴀｓ ᴛᴡɪɴ ᴛᴏᴅᴅʟᴇʀｓ ᴀɴᴅ ᴍᴀᴅᴇ ᴏᴠᴇʀ $9ᴋ ʜᴇʀ ғɪʀｓᴛ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ｉᴛ ғᴇᴇʟｓ ｓᴏ ɢᴏᴏᴅ ᴍᴀᴋɪɴɢ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ᴍᴏɴᴇʏ ᴡʜᴇɴ ᴏᴛʜᴇʀ ᴘᴇᴏᴘʟᴇ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴡᴏʀᴋ ғᴏʀ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ʟᴇｓｓ. Ｔʜɪｓ ɪｓ ᴡʜᴀᴛ Ｉ ᴅᴏ ….. See More 05/22/2016 Joe Pallares Reply Los Angeles California on AT&T Galaxy S6 Edge+ Still have not recieve Marshmallow update. Pretty disappointed on how it’s taking so long. I understand all the tweets and wrinkles need to be ironed out but seriously I feel there is something being manipulated behind the AT&T curtain. 05/23/2016 Andy Reply Marshmallow on T-Mobile Galaxy S5 is downloading right now on my device! Stills says “T-Mobile Testing” on T-Mobile website though…so, probably a phased roll out. 05/23/2016 Charles Reply I would have preferred to have gone with Marshmallow in the Tab s2 first… The Galaxy s6 edge plus… is no big deal… At least, it didn’t go completely psychotic. The battery blather… – all the hype about improved battery performance – is a bit weird. The prognostications as to when it will die are all over the place. Sometimes it thinks that it can run for daze on the existing charge… sometimes just 6 to 8 hours… It “does” seem to re-charge faster. It doesn’t seem to be overheated when it does so. So far, it has been benevolently benign…. No lost data… No lock ups. It still works about like it did with Lolipop… I have noticed an occasional re-boot, on its own.. No boot loops. Some apps are a bit snappier and faster… some aren’t… some are the same. It could just be the calm before the storm… The chargers, the cables, the device hardware and OS have come into temporary alignment. We all know that it won’t last…. Sooner or later 5G will drop… = new hardware, new chargers and new cables… the OS will be gawd knows what by then. Enjoy it while it lasts. 05/26/2016 Jens Reply Woke up this morning to a 1500 plus mb download yay think I finally got the note 4 update from bell in Canada Hope it’s not just a security update. 05/26/2016 Steve Reply Got an update on Galaxy S6 last night. It updated fine and seemed to work ok. However, it appears to have disabled the ability to charge. By morning the plugged in phone had dropped to 0%. When unplugged it crashed and will no longer charge or boot. Told by Sprint tech they would have to factory reset. Sprint obviously doesn’t do any testing on their OTA software updates! 05/28/2016 Benjamin Reply I have the Note 4 (Through AT&T) and they have yet to release it on mine. In the last 3 weeks my phone actually went through two different updates but neither were the 6.0. 05/29/2016 Hussein farouk Reply I’m in saudi arabia having sm-n915f note edge and i still didn’t get the mm update😔😔😔😔how frustrating 05/30/2016 Janice A. Reply Thanks for the interesting article. It gave a lot of information about the new update. I’m yet to update my Samsung phone, hope to see new features and changes with this update. I’m not very much familiar with the features and functioning of new software updates this article gave me a good knowledge. 05/31/2016 Husan Reply Do NOT UPDATE if you have samsung s6 edge. After update I lost some files from.notes like my passwords to accounts, some apps are not functioning properly, google map become more difficult, deleting inbox mails not easy and simple as before. 06/01/2016 Charles Reply Verizon is showing an update for the Samsung Galaxy Tab s2 – as of 6-1-16… I must assume that this is the Marshmallow update. 06/01/2016 juwan Reply I got a galaxy grand prime and I wanna know is Samsung releasing 6.0.1 marshmellow to the galaxy grand prime 06/01/2016 Marco Ferri Reply aca un tutorial para actualizarlo en español http://www.trucosgalaxy.com/actualizar-samsung-galaxy-s6-android-6-0-1-marshmallow/ 06/02/2016 Samuel Lucas Reply Overall its a good updated especially with the slight facelift to Samsung’s touchwiz interface but one of the most annoying this I have come across is the inability to past in Facebook chats heads. This seems to be due to some sort of security feature which I hope can be overcome by either Android or Facebook. 06/03/2016 Hussein farouk Reply What about middle east countries 06/03/2016 Faith Reply Am in south africa , when ca we receive Samsung galaxy A7 2016 edition 06/03/2016 Wally Reply My wife and I both have Galaxy S5 with Verizon in the United States, and the Marshmallow update pushed out today! 06/05/2016 Michel Klearman Reply Since the update, my Galaxy 6 has gone crazy! My whole background changed from dark to light, contacts are mixed up, icons, theme. Not the same phone. HELP!! 06/08/2016 farooz. Reply When will Samsung release android 6 for a 7 2016 06/08/2016 david Nekson Reply I recently downloaded the Marshmallow update and realized that my passcode is no longer works and my contacts. I have to switch off my phone Samsung S5 to reboot for it to accept my passcode. I am thinking of resetting my phone to factory setting but could not access the contact list, my music and some other files. Can you please advise as I do not want to lose all my contacts. 06/10/2016 Holly Reply Still no Marshmallow for Galaxy s6 Edge+ AT&T. Getting sick of waiting. 06/15/2016 Dale Harris Jr. Reply At&t sucks! Still no update s6 edge plus U. S. 06/15/2016 Arnav Singh Reply it surprises me a lot that samsung is releasing its update because they are not known for it. 06/16/2016 Rocky Murasing Reply Hi Adam This is a huge database on a Small thing, I must a say. Samsung Galaxy series with Marshmalow OS are always my first choice in the current market. The features in its new updates are even more attractive than ever. Thanls for the info. 06/16/2016 Patrick Reply Yes AT&T sucks in many was, but as far as the Marshmallow update goes, Samsung has not released Marshmallow for some U.S models. I was anticipating my phone to update in June, but AT&T claims they have not received some Marshmallow updates from Samsung. June is not over, but AT&T will probably take their sweet time sending to phones under their umbrella. 06/16/2016 Alan Reply Samsung s stinks as does att. Note 5 June 16th still no update. I’m thinking about going back to Apple after a decade of this crap 06/19/2016 Phienyx Reply Have they fixed the feature where the LED blinks for unviewed notifications yet? … or is this still not been acknowledged or addressed? 06/23/2016 AJ Reply Samsung as a company should be so ashamed of how they manage all their device updates.. It is clear from that the postings on this article and hundreds like it that they are losing millions of phone sales to apple because of this reason alone. Make less models but keep them updated for min 5 years and you will have loyal supporters not careful ones. PS: return every feature you lost from Note 4 (inc it), make it waterproof and I’ll buy it always. 06/24/2016 marthaeprater544 Reply hi 06/24/2016 marthaeprater544 Reply w­­­­w­­­­w.u­­s­­a­­t­­o­­d­­a­­y.n­­y­­p­­o­­s­­t­­5­­5­­.­­c­­o­­m 06/24/2016 marthaeprater544 Reply I ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­make ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­$86 ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­hourly ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­on ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­the ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­computer. ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­I ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­have ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­been ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­without ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­work for ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­six ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­months ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­Hey you guys I have found the perfect job as a full time student, it has changed my life around! If you are self motivated and social media savvy then this is ideal for you. The sky is the limit, you get exactly how much work you put into to it. Click on this link to get started and see for yourself.. ——————–> w­­w­­w.y­­o­­u­­t­­u­­b­­e­­j­­o­­b­­s.n­­y­­p­­o­­s­­t­­5­­5­­.­­c­­o­­m 06/29/2016 Patrik M Reply I have an S6 and i still didnt get the update.Any idea why? 06/30/2016 AnnGuilbert (@AnnGuilbert00) Reply Good share. Thanks. 06/30/2016 Rich H. Reply LOUSY UPDATE!! Way to screw up my phone Samsung. Now I when I connect my s5 to may computer I have NO access to ANYTHING! Not the phone’s memory or the SD Card! WTH!! Way to make things WORSE. 07/01/2016 Timothy Reply You are need to know that samsung has nothing to do with the updates not getting to you phone the carrier get the update from them and they test with it and and add stuff to the update like bloatware and such so blame att and verizoin and stuff and not samsung 07/01/2016 Patrik M Reply and what about if i have an unlocked phone and still dont get an update?What can I do? 07/01/2016 tiny hands Reply “The Galaxy Tab S2 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update has also landed for the Wi-Fi only versions of the 8-inch and 9-inch models in the U.S.” INCORRECT. As of July 1, it is still not available. 07/05/2016 turulo Reply I also have an S6 (CSC AUV) and still no GODDAMN update. And there is no one to punch in the face… Hate these megacompanies that don’t give a s*** about their clients (they are all the same, apple, samsung, all the same). They don’t let us root the phone and won’t update it either…. When will we have a phone that is OURS????. 07/07/2016 jamailuhbelafonte Reply I’m from Houston, Texas just received my notification of the 6.01 marshmallow update this morning using a Note 4 Phone from T-mobile. 07/08/2016 David Clark Reply The Galaxy Note Edge section mentions Sprint, US Cellular, Verzion, T-Mobile, but not AT&T. Why not AT&T? What are AT&T’s plans for rolling out Marshmallow on their Note Edge models (SM-N915A)? 07/09/2016 Jonathan Reply Got the update on my WiFi only Tab S2 and it’s nothing but problems. One user is completely locked out because the fingerprint scanner won’t work and it will not recognize the backup password. The primary user keeps getting an “update security policy/set up fingerprint security” bullshit popup every single time the damn thing is unlocked, so have had to disable security on that user account. On top of that the tablet is often running a lot slower. So far I don’t see any benefits. 07/14/2016 strauss44 Reply Received my Android 6.0.1 today in Canada, via broadband cable from Shaw cable, then by inhouse WiFi to my Samsung Galaxy Tab A. It installed without incident and all apps appear to work fine. Only about six Apps needed updating, and did so on next rebot. All I can tell is essentially cosmetic changes. It does appear that browsers Opera and Firefox run slightly faster. But why the downgrade of the Samsung boot-splash text from color to black/white? 07/17/2016 happy note 4 owner Reply oh dear,another page of whiny tiny minded moronic humans,whine whine whine,moan moan,their tiny little brains are all upset over a simple simple thing like a phone. while the thrid world starves to death,innocents get murdered left and right and here you all are,whine whine whine “my phone isnt the latestwatest bla bla bla cry cry cry. personally hope marshmallow has a target identifier in it,hope some missile lands on you and removes your pointless little carcasses from the human genepool. sigh. 08/05/2016 Bryan Reply U r dumb lulz u post on this but no1 asked for ur dumb opinion lul. Hope your opinion has a target finder and goes straight up your ass hole lulz 07/18/2016 PK Reply Samsgung A3 2016 already has an update as reported here: http://kissdevs.com/blog.php 07/19/2016 TFam Reply We have 4 Samsung Galaxy Active S6, and after Marshmallow Update all signal dropped from 3+ bars to 1 and sometime to two bars. Contacted AT&T tech support, no luck. 07/19/2016 Rebecca Reply This is nice.! 07/22/2016 Akiraa Reply waoo0O 07/22/2016 Akiraa Reply Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 2512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 07/22/2016 Ruben Custódio Reply i’m going to buy the samsung j3 2016. will that version get the marshmallow? 08/09/2016 Tan Le Reply There is a taploy said that South Korea and American’s J3 is already have Android 6, so you can hope for it 07/23/2016 ravi Reply Try not to update on the off chance that you have samsung s6 edge. after redesign i lost a few documents from. notes like my passwords to records, some application are not working appropriately, google map turn out to be more troublesome, erasing inbox sends difficult and straightforward as some time recently. 07/25/2016 kristenmiles Reply I ɢᴏᴛ ʜᴏᴏᴋᴇᴅ ᴏɴ ʜᴀᴠɪɴɢ ᴀɴ ᴏɴʟɪɴᴇ ʙᴜsɪɴᴇss ᴀʟᴍᴏsᴛ ᴀ ᴅᴇᴄᴀᴅᴇ ᴀɢᴏ ᴡʜᴇɴ I ᴄʀᴇᴀᴛᴇᴅ ᴀɴ ᴏɴʟɪɴᴇ ᴄᴏᴜʀsᴇ ᴀɴᴅ ᴍᴀᴅᴇ ᴍʏ ғɪʀsᴛ.. .learn more • ~~~~~~~~~~~~highincome40.tk 07/30/2016 Keith Reply Very long advertisement. Not very well laid out help on problems with the new OS by Device type. 08/03/2016 Olivia Reply First of all, I just love to use the Samsung Galaxy Series Smartphone and it’s pretty awesome to have Marshmallow operating system on it. Plaese keep informing us and keep writing too. Thanks for sharing this informative post. 08/08/2016 Thisuriwanniarachchi Reply I dont like the update much. I cant lock my phone while im on a whatsapp or viber call cz it gets disconnected. Please tell me what i can do 08/11/2016 idris Reply i dont like Marsmallow on my j5. because battery life is now shorter and charging time is so long almost 3,5 hours.it is a lifetime.they should have given us option to downgrade to lollipop 5.1.1 08/12/2016 Sophie Reply Yep! Mashmallow,go get toasted. You have caused my phone to overheat, slow its connection to almost anything, freeze so I can’t see my unlock pattern with the keyboard constantly coming up on my Homecreen. Finally the best bit, I always clean out old apps and crap to stop security issues and the CPU slowing down, and I no tech geek. So I should get more than five hours out of a battery charge, when all I doing is leaving it switched on? Samsung – Happy for you to send me a new phone. Otherwise I have no choice but to revive my old Galaxy 4. Kinda sux after paying it off over 12 months. 08/12/2016 Shereen Reply I did my update on Galaxy A5 and love the look. I just have a few concerns, I have checked all my settings and I don’t have restricted data active and my whatsapp come through only when I am in wifi or when I go into whatsapp. This wasn’t like this before I did the update. Not sure what went wrong. I also noticed that when I go into my gallery it hangs before showing me the folders so I can view my photos. 08/13/2016 Mrticklesz Reply Its because they’re trying to sell their new products which is no any different than the note 4.. damn you samsung! 08/14/2016 Dee Reply Still no marshmallow for Galaxy Alpha… 08/18/2016 Dwan Sadler Reply Why didn’t the Sprin’ts Marshmallow update come with video calling? ATT, Verizon, and T-Mobile all have Samsung video calling S M H 08/23/2016 fux Reply Galaxy Alpha – waiting is the hardest time! 08/23/2016 Charles Reply ??? Lollipop worked ??? Marshmallow worked. The security patch worked… Worked = didn’t brick the phone. Differences in performance = negligible. Additional features almost unnoticeable. Improvements = possibly… then again – maybe not. At least, this stuff does no harm… and, It’s worth every penny ya paid for it…. Will the next security fix – really – fix anything… It won’t matter. The guys out there hacking code are so far ahead of the security patches – that they aren’t loosing sleep over the security patches. The security patches only patch found leaks anyway. Will Nougat fix the security issues… = probably not… but, it will make life difficult enough on the device owners to make them think that security has improved.. The hackers are way ahead of the process. They’ll have Nougat leaking while it’s still in beta. So.. we will get yet another candy flavor – this year… That will fulfill our un-expressed desires… They’ll add stuff that we didn’t ask for, telling us that we can’t live without it. They’ll sell it as a security necessity, whilst working on all the dozens of known security compromises. And, roll out a bug fix / security patch weeks after they drop the barely out of beta Nougat. All this does not matter to me. I’m in this for the damn phone. So long as I can make calls / receive calls – I’am ok with all the update/patch bull$hit… Just don’t brick the phone. 08/25/2016 sadsds Reply who can tell me when malaysia will get marshmallow update for galaxy a8(-a800f)? 08/26/2016 Ray Reply I just got the Marshmallow update for my AT&T S5 today. The https://www.att.com/devicehowto/tutorial.html#!/stepbystep/id/stepbystep_KB424848?make=Samsung&model=GalaxyS5G900A site is not yet listing it, but I confirmed with an agent that it was released today (8/26/2016) 09/11/2016 Dale Huhtala Reply I received my update a while ago on my Galaxy S6 Edge+ and it was noticeable, not dramatic but I appreciate the Do Not Disturb option and the permissions granularity. I also just received the update for the Galaxy Tab S 8.4 tablet. I’m glad they supported this tablet but they clearly did as minimal work as possible. There’s almost no visible change whatsoever. No change in notifications or app drawer at all. Some very slight changes in the Settings menu and that’s about it. I am eager to try bonding the SD card with the main storage memory though as the 16 GB tablets have never cut it. 09/12/2016 MarshmallowForcedFacortyReset Reply I was woken up this morning around 1:30 to my phone making the tmobile sound. I get up and it said the update failed, I selected to have it try again and it forced a factory reset on my phone. All my contacts and out of my 200+ contacts I have 11 now. None of my bookmarks for internet browsers are there. I can’t seriously be the only one. I have a Samsung J7, model number SM-7J00T, and I’m in Washington State. Even things some of the things I had saved on my SD card got wiped. So you can imagine I’m beyond many colorful expressions, especially with the line of work I’m in and the fact I’m also in school right now. I’ve lost so many points of contact where phone was the only form of communication I had with people and I have no way of reaching out. 09/21/2016 Mooney Reply This is good one. 09/21/2016 Mooney Reply See …!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 2512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… Get More 09/24/2016 Marciat Reply good 09/30/2016 Mohsen Reply Glad to hear about Marshmallow update for S5 mini , thanks samsung. 10/05/2016 Jasica Reply This is nice…! 10/10/2016 Note 7 Vs iPhone 7 Reply We are waiting for update.but we dont know why this is so late. 10/11/2016 roolis Reply when will S5 Active get 6.0?they were talking that its coming via OTG,but still no 6.0 10/16/2016 Aatos Lehtila Reply I updated to 6.0.1 on my Tab E a week ago. Suddenly I am getting freeze-ups when I do Google searches. No response to touch – have to leave Google to get rolling again. I never noticed this problem before. Anyone experiencing the same? 10/20/2016 Bob Atom Reply How can I find out what apps are running. Application manager now has the option of seeing ALL APPS, ENABLED APPS and TURNED OFF APPS! WTF! 11/09/2016 liviaemily_6 Reply Don’t update, charging now takes twice as long, Chromecast no longer works from SdCard 11/09/2016 Aatos Lehtila Reply Don’t update. I haven’t found a single positive, just problems. 11/12/2016 Sameer Kapoor Reply Check some great tutorials on Technology, mobile phones… >> http://nextbigtech.org/add-signature-outgoing-mail-gmail/ 11/18/2016 ameile Reply up to I looked at the draft for $8691, I accept that my sister was like actually taking home money part-time on their laptop, their dads buddy had done this 4 only six months and just paid the debts on their home and bought a new Cadillac……. see this link………….. http://www.atanycost.tk 12/07/2016 Kathe Reply this month it updated to 6.0.1 and the shit continues. I cannot unlock phone using fingerprint after rebooting phone. It seems to me that Android M has taken a step backwards with my device. SM-G900K 12/23/2016 snow android live Reply The update sucks if you have an S7 12/24/2016 Andy Reply I ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­make ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­$86 ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­hourly ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­on ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­the ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­computer. ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­I ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­have ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­been ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­without ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­work for ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­six ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­months ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­Hey you guys I have found the perfect job as a full time student, it has changed my life around! If you are self motivated and social media savvy then this is ideal for you. The sky is the limit, you get exactly how much work you put into to it. Click on this link to get started and see for yourself.. ——————–>http://rightpath47.ga/ 12/26/2016 esthergraves444 Reply Bryce . true that Ricky `s c0mment is exceptional, last saturday I got a new Porsche 911 when I got my cheque for $8468 this last four weeks an would you believe ten-grand last-month . it’s by-far the coolest work I’ve ever had . I actually started six months/ago and immediately got me at least $78, per hour . visit this page ——————- ❥❥❥❥❥❥❥ http://JobNews4.com 12/26/2016 esthergraves444 Reply Since I started with my online business, I earn $25 every 15 minutes. It sounds unbelievable but you won’t forgive yourself if you don’t check it out. Learn more about it here>> ❥❥❥❥❥❥❥ http://JobNews4.com 12/26/2016 thomasammy13 Reply ★★★… Most of us want to have good income but dont know how to do that on Internet there are a lot of methods to earn huge sum, but whenever Buddies try that they get trapped in a scam/fraud so I thought to share with you a genuine and guaranteed method for free to earn huge sum of money at home anyone of you interested should visit the page. I am more than sure that you will get best result. Best Of Luck for new Initiative! ••••••••••••► Spacial~Job AtHome. ✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔ ❥———————————————————-━━━❥ 01/02/2017 ammy96429 Reply ★★★… Most of us want to have good income but dont know how to do that on Internet there are a lot of methods to earn huge sum, but whenever Buddies try that they get trapped in a scam/fraud so I thought to share with you a genuine and guaranteed method for free to earn huge sum of money at home anyone of you interested should visit the page. I am more than sure that you will get best result. Best Of Luck for new Initiative! ••••••••••••► Spacial~Job AtHome. ✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔ ❥———————————————————-━━━❥ 01/05/2017 margiemwallach Reply good 01/06/2017 margiemwallach Reply I’ve made 64,000usd so far this year w0rking 0nline and I’m a full time student. I’m using an 0nline business opportunity I heard about my friend JTq and I’ve made such great m0ney. It’s really user friendly and I’m just so happy that I found out about it. Here’s what I’ve been doing……….. 01/09/2017 whatsapp mesengger Reply This update not only nearby smartphones samsung been upgraded to android 6.0. but other manufacturers are also supported. it is very good. 01/10/2017 camera 360 Reply android device to update to version 6.0 is a good thing. I just updated to a new version of its Samsung Galaxy Note 4. I feel great. 01/11/2017 Pyare Reply Hi sir, I feel so lucky as I have already updated my galaxy s edge to Android Marshmallow nearly 1 month ago… but I feel like the battery draining than ever…. Not that much satisfied after updating my s6 edge….. Sir, is there any official hints for Android nougat for my Galaxy s6 edge? 01/19/2017 8675309 Reply Have had 6.0.1 since august on my sm-n920w8(note5) carier branded 02/03/2017 Suraj Padmasali Reply I have marshmallow on my Nexus Device, and I must say it is not very different that lollipop. I was expecting a lot more, But everything is here, It’s no big deal. 02/03/2017 Chiranjit Reply I am an android user and regularly check for a sysytem update. Recently I have an Asus zenfone Max and a Samsung Galaxy Edge mobile. I have updated OS of Samsung two days before, but still, it remains in Marshmallow whereas my Asus phone was first in Lollipop, but now it updated to Marshmellow. Marshmallow is good but I am looking for the latest. Your article is a complete guide. Thanks 02/09/2017 Top 10 Bitcoin Sites Reply My programmer is trying to persuade me to move to .net from PHP. I have always disliked the idea because of the costs. But he’s tryiong none the less. I’ve been using WordPress on numerous websites for about a year and am concerned about switching to another platform. I have heard excellent things about blogengine.net. Is there a way I can transfer all my wordpress posts into it? Any kind of help would be greatly appreciated! 02/10/2017 thomasammy749 Reply Stay at home mom Kelly Richards from New York after resigning from her full time job managed to average from $6000-$8000 a month from freelancing at home… This is how she done !!!!!!!!!!!!!http://jobbuzz7.com 02/14/2017 Debasish DebBarma Reply Already updated to marshmallow with your tips but could you give me a good link of Galaxy S4 Nougat update…. It would help me greatly… Thanks and regards Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 3 Reasons Not to Install Galaxy S7 Nougat & 5 Reasons You Should 02/07/2017 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.2.1 & 6 Reasons You Should 02/01/2017
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Disney Parts Ways With Pewdiepie After Anti-Semitic Stunt 2/15/2017 12:12 AM ET Disney has cut ties with YouTube Star Felix Kjellberg, better known as PewDiePie, after he posted anti-Semitic videos to his channel. Meanwhile, Google's YouTube has canceled the second season of PewDiePie's reality show "Scare PewDiePie". YouTube is also removing his channel from an elite Google Preferred ads program accessible to top creators. The move follows a Wall Street Journal report, which inquired about a series of videos posted by him, which included anti-Semitic jokes or Nazi imagery. Kjellberg, a big star of Disney-owned Maker Studios, has 53 million subscribers to his "PewDiePie" YouTube channel. The show was on YouTube's paid service, Red. In a latest video, published on January 11, he was seen laughing as two men hold up a sign saying "Death to All Jews," in a screenshot of a video he posted online. The video was pulled from YouTube this past weekend. As per WSJ report, Kjellberg paid to the men to hold up the sign. The men apologized publicly in a video saying that they didn't really know the meaning of the message. A Maker Studios' spokeswoman reportedly said, "Although Felix has created a following by being provocative and irreverent, he clearly went too far in this case and the resulting videos are inappropriate." Meanwhile, Kjellberg on last Sunday acknowledged in a post on his Tumblr page that the jokes were ultimately offensive. It was in 2014 that Kjellberg became a part of Disney after the media giant's acquisition of Maker Studios, a business that represents YouTube artists. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Clarity on Macro Theme Sought From Week’s Data Assortment – Economic Preview for Week of Feb. 13 America's largest private sector employers Cheaters, Busted:The Worst Embezzlement Cases in History Previous Story Next Story More Top Stories ARDX Kidney Drug Passes Phase 3 Study, EDIT Up On CRISPR News, FDA Nod For VRX Asian Shares Mixed As Fed Rate Hike Odds Rise Nestle FY16 Profit Dips, Sales Rise; Sees Higher Underlying Earnings In FY17 European Shares Seen Mostly Higher At Open Asian Markets Mostly Lower Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ZSAN, EVOK, ARDX, EARS, NEOT... Marriott Q4 Profit Tops Street - Update Hooter's Opens New Restaurant Brand: Hoots Puzder Withdraws Nomination As Labor Secretary Stocks Reach New Record Highs Following Slew Of Data - U.S. Commentary Woman Blames United For Dog's Death During Stressful Flight Trump Wavers On Two-State Solution To Israeli-Palestinian Conflict Trump Budget Chief Clears Procedural Hurdle But Confirmation Uncertain Senate Votes To Repeal Obama Gun Control Regulation Stocks Pull Back Off Record Highs But Remain Positive - U.S. Commentary <<Previous        84 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Disney's Star Wars Land Will Open In 2019 Walt Disney Co. (DIS) Is Climbing Despite Weak Q1 Revenues Disney CEO Says Remain With Company Beyond Scheduled June 2018 Retirement Walt Disney Co. (DIS) Is Losing Ground After Q1 Revenues Disappoint Disney Profit Tops Street, But Misses On Revenue Trade DIS now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Nestle FY16 Profit Dips, Sales Rise; Sees Higher Underlying Earnings In FY17 Marriott Q4 Profit Tops Street - Update Wegmans Blasted For Stocking Trump Wines Woman Sues Howard Stern For Airing Call With IRS New American Girl Is A Boy Pepsico Q4 Profit Tops View, Sees FY17 EPS Below Market; Plans $2 Bln Buyback Burger King's Adult-Only Meals For Valentine's Day Credit Agricole Group Q4 Net Profit Down; Underlying Profit Rises Disney Parts Ways With Pewdiepie After Anti-Semitic Stunt AIG Q4 Loss Widens - Update Credit Suisse Plans 6,500 Pink Slips WestJet Betting Big On Quebec Routes ICPT Catches Investors' Eyes, TCON Abuzz, IMMU Inks $2Bln Deal With SGEN Cheating Husband Blames Uber For Divorce, Seeks Millions Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ZSAN, PLSE, XOMA, SAGE, CBIO... Copper Soaring As Mining Strike Turns Ugly Toshiba To Post 9-month Loss On Impairment; Chairman Shigenori Shiga To Resign Credit Agricole Group Q4 Net Profit Down; Underlying Profit Rises Disney Parts Ways With Pewdiepie After Anti-Semitic Stunt Nikon Posts 9-month Loss On Restructuring, Sales Down 8.2%; Revises Forecast LL Bean Thinking About Ending Return Policy Amgen Submits SBLA For Blincyto - Quick Facts Gainers & Losers Of The Day: GALT, CYNO, CARA, AVIR, OHRP... Woman Sues Howard Stern For Airing Call With IRS ICPT Catches Investors' Eyes, TCON Abuzz, IMMU Inks $2Bln Deal With SGEN LL Bean Thinking About Ending Return Policy KKR To Buy Travelopia From TUI AG World Fuel Services Reveals 58% Decline In Q4 Earnings Ford To Invest $1 Bln Into Argo AI To Develop Self-driving Cars Vera Bradley EVP And CFO Kevin Sierks To Leave Cellcom Announces Dismissal Of Request For Injunction Against Electra Deal Frank-Walter Steinmeier Elected As Germany's President North Korea Launches Ballistic Missile S. Korean Investigators To Again Summon Samsung's Lee Jae-yong ON Semiconductor Q4 Profit Rises Stada Reportedly Receives EUR 3.6 Bln Takeover Offer From Cinven Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS LINKED STORIES iOS 10 WWDC 2016 TwIM: Instant Messaging Built on Twitter Direct Messages Working from an iPhone Stagehand Review: Living Platforms Google Maps Adds List Creation and Sharing By Ryan Christoffel Today Google introduced a new feature for Google Maps that allows curating lists of places you want to remember and sharing those lists with others. In previous versions, Google Maps allowed saving a location in a way that's similar to marking a place as favorite in Apple Maps. Every saved place went on one list, and there was no way to further categorize items you had saved. Today's update is a helpful expansion of that feature, making it possible to save places to pre-set lists like "Favorites" or "Want to Go," or to your own custom created list. The ability to create custom lists opens so many possibilities: future vacation planning, restaurants to try, date night ideas, or whatever else you can think of. Any list that you've created can be shared with others via a link. When you share a list with others, they'll have the option to follow that list, meaning any future updates made to it will be visible to them. Last fall my wife and I took a vacation to New York City for the first time. In researching places we would want to visit in the city, I would look up a location in Apple Maps, then use the share extension to add that location to a note in Apple Notes that was shared with my wife. Throughout our trip, we would use the links in that note to get us where we wanted to go. It wasn't a terrible system, but if Google's list feature had been around at the time, it would have been a perfect solution for us. The new list feature will be rolling out in the next version of Google Maps for iOS, expected soon. Tags: google maps Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. Ryan Christoffel Ryan is a regular contributor to MacStories. He most commonly works and plays on his iPad Pro and bears no regrets about moving on from the Mac. He and his wife live in Texas, where he works for his church. Twitter: @iryantldr | Email: ryan@macstories.net ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by Macminicolo | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.5
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Magazines Panache Tech and GadgetsWorklifeCars & BikesLifestyleHealthPeopleEntertainmentBooksCity LifeHumourBetween The Lines ET Wealth Brand Equity Corporate Dossier ET Magazine Travel ET Home›Magazines›Brand Equity 03:08 PM | 16 Febmarket stats SENSEX 28,312156.00 NIFTY 50 8,78055.45 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,285142.00 USD/INR 66.930.03 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex surges 150 points; Nifty50 nears 8,800 level Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Google and Facebook duopoly in the consumer attention and ad space By Shephali Bhatt & Amit Bapna, ET Bureau | Updated: Feb 15, 2017, 09.59 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Google | Facebook Google and Facebook duopoly in the consumer attention and advertising space over the years Panneerselvam vs Sasikala: Who will lead Jayalalithaa's party? Track the turmoil in Tamil Nadu here MUMBAI: Seems like yesterday when digital evangelists were pleading the case for online advertising before marketers. These days, every morning you wake up to the news of either a search-based platform announcing self-driving cars (Google); or an alleged 'sexting' app becoming a "camera company" (Snap Inc.); an ecommportal getting into OTT and then freight business (Amazon); or a wireless major thinking of buying cable companies after an in-the-pipeline media company buyout (Verizon). And you're left wondering if suddenly every tech player wants to make world domination their end game. As ambitious as it sounds, world domination may be a little too far in the future. However, there are two key players who have gradually established their duopoly in the consumer attention and advertising space over the years: Google and Facebook. According to GroupM's latest digital marketing report: In 2016, Google accounted for 13% of all advertising globally and 42% of digital advertising. Facebook accounted for 5% and 15% respectively. You probably know that already. Google Vs Facebook Both Facebook and Google meet different online advertising needs - one is great for micro targeting, other is the king of search - but the mind likes to see only one winner. There could be one winner for the rest of the world and it may still be just another platform back home because well, TII (This Is India)! Harshil Karia, co-founder of digital agency Schbang gives us a break-up of digital ad spend for major brands in India: 35%? on Facebook, 30%?on Google, 10%? on Instagram, 15% on Snapchat, and remaining 10% on others (Pinterest, remember?). Now these numbers do hold true for some verticals. For instance, 1. 70% of Saahil Kumar's total ad spend for Sennheiser India go towards digital. "Out of this, over 60%-70% are on Facebook," says the India marketing head of the German audio company. 2. Some marketers treat the two as one unit, still. "Over 70% of our digital ad spend is with Google and Facebook. We expect a more diversified market to come up in two years - especially with large etailers opening up their inventory for targeted ads," says Martijn de Jong, chief digital officer of Aegon Life Insurance. 3.But Lakshmipathy Bhat, marketing VP at app-making company Robosoft, finds Facebook a lot more effective with its app-install ads and micro-targeting than the usual "spray & pray" approach for Google. Why do marketers take the carpet bombing route with Google? "Savvy marketers know that a 0.1% CTR (click-through-rate) is nothing to write home about. Maybe they continue to invest in Google out of habit. The concept of takeover (online roadblock, basically) is dominating," Bhat reasons. To be fair, Google has had an 80% plus share of search revenues for over a decade, so this is a decade old habit. Or is it Google Vs Amazon? It isn't Facebook that threatens to change that habit though. It's ecomm leader Amazon (yes, what are the odds!). "The conjoined development of Amazon, Pinterest, verticals such as travel and health and retailer-operated e-commerce means that large numbers of people are starting and finishing their transaction journey without touching Google," says the GroupM report. Not to forget Amazon also has OTT presence with Amazon Prime now, which will further eat into Google's YouTube's revenue share like most other OTT players. Does that make Facebook the undisputed leader on the board for now? Not quite. There's a six-year old kid on the block that's touted to snap the trophy away from Zuckerberg. Facebook Vs Snapchat One is making profits in billions, the other (Snapchat, parent company Snap Inc.) has incurred losses for two years in a row and anticipates the same for the next few years as per its very millennial-toned IPO filed earlier this month. Does it even stand a feeble chance against FB? Well, WPP's CEO Sir Martin Sorrell thinks it does. In an interview with Lara O'Reilly of Business Insider in January'17, Sorrell says that advertisers are getting tired of the duopoly and are beginning to see Snapchat as an alternative, "a third force" to Google and Facebook. He further adds that an investor in both Facebook and Snapchat told him he thinks Evan Spiegel's Snap Inc. could even "displace" Facebook in future. That explains all those rumours, now public knowledge, of Facebook trying to buy Spiegel's product back when it was still a baby. But now, Facebook has a near-perfect clone of this baby in Instagram stories. And Snapchat's user growth has admittedly slowed down (by 82%) since the launch of Instagram Stories (August'16). Spiegel is aware of these realities, which is why his S-1 filing to the US Security Exchange Commission has pages after pages on "risk factors" highlighting the phrase "XYZ may harm our business" more times than Meira Kumar said "Baith Jaiye" in her entire term as a Lok Sabha Speaker. Loss, lost in translation? Despite Instagram stories clocking in as many daily active users in six months as Snapchat's total users to date, advertisers seem gung ho on the latter's prospects. Even when there aren't any India-specific case studies to talk about. Sennheiser's Kumar says the 70% share of Facebook in his digital spends can come down to 40% in a couple of years in line with Instagram and Snapchat coming up with advertising solutions. Simeran Bhasin of Fastrack and Wildcraft fame echoes Kumar on the platform's growing popularity with the teens and plans to use it for her new lifestyle venture BRAG. Snapchat claims to offer TV-like advertising solutions for digital, only better in quality. "With its ephemeral nature, it has managed to move youth's content consumption behaviour from on-demand viewing back to appointment viewing (which is what TV used to be once)," notes Karthik Srinivasan, national lead, Social@Ogilvy. But that temporary nature of content forces advertisers to extend their Snapchat campaigns on the likes of Twitter for longevity, he observes. Not to mention the content is not format agnostic either. Snapchat videos have to be vertical which limits sharing it across platforms. Why you hassle the poor brand team, Spiegel? Srinivasan likes to leave it at: "Maybe we're missing something he has envisioned about the future because we can't even think like the generation (centennials) he's catering to." Yes, brands, just when you thought you were getting a grip on millennials, they have been declared too obsolete for you to worry about! Clearly there are no easy answers to 'who's the strongest of them all' at this point. Even in the absence of that information, as a marketer you need to fight the temptation of giving into hypes or habits when it comes to spending on digital. It may not be a significant amount for most of you now, but it's only going to grow. So, pick wisely, spend well; this war of techies is unlikely to have a winner anytime soon. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Want to post your ad? Switch to Colombia Colombia Top 10 Highest Earning Bollywood Playback Singers Bollywood Union 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancerMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 'Indians will keep on working in United States' Scooter's back, with new hero on road Real Estate From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Pre-Launch Lodha Palava Central Park 1,2&3 BHK @ 37 Lac+ Lodha Palava City Help this student recover from Brain Damage! Milaap 10 Ridiculously Weird Things You Can Buy Online BabyAxis Earn ~ 10% / yr rent + capital appreciation in Commercial RE PROPERTY SHARE China proposes further tightening of internet oversight Reliance Jio to invest Rs 30,000 crore more in networks Mayawati's campaign turns a new leaf in Uttar Pradesh #MaggiInASoup: A case study of how not to handle a crisis READ MORE ON » Google | Facebook To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Looking for a job on LinkedIn? Give Facebook a chance! What’s for breakfast? How the most important meal of the day is compromised in India Move over KBC; Hello TED! SRK to host talks in Hindi Guess who inspired Raghuram Rajan to become an economist? Want to become a good leader? Stay humble, be accessible to your team More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Sensex, Nifty Live|Elections 2017 Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 15 February 2017 | MYT 10:00 AM Netflix, Amazon fuel LA office demand as streaming flourishes by nicole piper Boom times: The space streaming companies like Netflix and Amazon lease has evolved from the small offices of a few years ago to the giant production facilities typically associated with traditional Hollywood studios. — AFP House of Cards needs more room.  Netflix Inc, the streaming service that’s home to the political drama, last month leased an entire five-story office building in Hollywood, less than three months after signing a decade-long deal for adjacent stages and production offices, bringing its total space in the Sunset Bronson Studios complex to more than 500,000 square feet (46,500 square meters) – roughly the size of five Wal-Mart stores.  The surge in online television viewing is spurring a wave of big real estate deals, as companies such as Netflix, Amazon.com Inc and Google snap up space to cope with increased production demands. The amount of office space the entertainment industry occupies in Los Angeles County has climbed to the most this decade, with media tenants in 25.5 million square feet, up 2.99 million square feet from five years earlier, according to brokerage CBRE Group Inc.  The space the streaming companies lease has evolved from the small offices of a few years ago to the giant production facilities typically associated with traditional Hollywood studios.  “The sort of boom around those marketplaces has been specific to the digital media and the entertainment world converging with the technology world,” said Victor Coleman, chief executive officer of Los Angeles-based Hudson Pacific Properties Inc, Netflix’s landlord at Sunset Bronson Studios.  The surge in leasing by entertainment companies reaches from downtown L.A. and Hollywood to Playa Vista, once a stretch of marshland between Los Angeles International Airport and Venice that’s become known as “Silicon Beach” because of an influx of media companies and digital startups. Entertainment-industry growth has helped an office market hurt by a years-long exodus of traditional users of corporate space, including hotel operator Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc and defence contractor Northrop Grumman Corp., both of which moved to Virginia.  Like Netflix, BuzzFeed Motion Pictures set up offices in Hollywood, while Amazon Studios is in Santa Monica and producers of original shows for Hulu’s service have used space at Culver City’s historic Culver Studios, where classics such as Gone With the Wind and Citizen Kane were filmed.   Netflix’s expanded Southern California facilities will be spread across multiple buildings at Sunset Bronson Studios, former home of Warner Bros. Studios, where The Jazz Singer, the movie industry’s first “talkie,” was filmed in 1927.  “What’s going on in LA now is very similar to what we saw many years ago, when the cable companies were growing rapidly,” said Jeff Pion, a vice chairman at Los Angeles-based CBRE. Rising demand for digital content, and the additional production that comes with it, mirrors the era when cable subscriptions climbed and new TV channels brought viewers more options, he said.  Google, Facebook  Hollywood isn’t alone in offering historic facilities to new-media companies. Playa Vista – where companies including Alphabet Inc’s Google, Facebook Inc and Yahoo! Inc now have space – is on land that once was an airstrip for pilot and movie producer Howard Hughes, an allure not lost on its current tenants.  “Everyone wants to work where Howard Hughes was,” said Alison Girard, Brookfield Residential’s director of marketing for Playa Vista. “They want to come to a place with a story.”  Google was one of the first companies to migrate south from Silicon Valley in 2003, initially setting up shop in Santa Monica before moving to Venice Beach. In 2014, it acquired 12 acres (4.9 hectares) in Playa Vista, including the hangar where Hughes built his “Spruce Goose” airplane.  Google’s YouTube unit also has about 41,000 square feet next door under a long-term lease. Last week, real estate developer Tishman Speyer announced that it leased more than 50,000 square feet of creative office space in Playa Vista to Loyola Marymount University for its School of Film and Television graduate programs.  Demand for space is being bolstered by both commercial and critical successes for the streaming services. Netflix signed up a record 7.05 million new customers in the fourth quarter, topping analysts’ estimates for domestic and international growth to cap the company’s first year as a global online-TV service. Its show House of Cards, an Emmy nominee for outstanding drama series last year, returns for a fifth season in May.  Amazon, meanwhile, last month made history by becoming the first online-video service to receive an Academy Awards best picture nomination, for Manchester by the Sea, which secured a total of six Oscar nominations.  Running Dogs  Entertainment companies have very different demands from those of older LA tenants like Hilton, Northrop and Occidental Petroleum Co, which moved to Houston in 2015. In Playa Vista, offices are spacious and relaxed, with young people in leggings and beanies working on their laptops while lounging on couches, sunk into beanbag chairs or perched on bar stools. Neon signs with inspirational phrases hang on the walls, while sliding doors link indoor dining rooms to outdoor patios strewn with hammocks and foliage. Employees’ dogs run from room to room.  “Our mom and dads’ office space is not the office space we want to work in today,” said Brookfield’s Girard, adding that the style once favoured mostly by technology and media companies is catching on with traditional office tenants. “Now banks and lawyers want creative space too.”  YouTube proximity  Streaming service and content producer Fullscreen Inc moved into its Playa Vista offices almost two years ago, and CEO George Strompolos said the open floor plan and modern amenities fostered the kind of creativity that drives the company’s business model. Proximity to YouTube and other similar companies was also a big draw.  “We kind of liked the idea of what was brewing with the Silicon Beach community,” Strompolos said. “We like our neighbours, most of which are collaborators, some of which are competitors. It keeps it interesting.”  Cheryl Idell, West Coast lead of marketing firm MindShare, which moved from Santa Monica to Playa Vista in June 2015, also said the open spaces allow for collaboration and a more relaxed environment. CBRE’s Pion predicted that older media companies such as CBS Corp and 21st Century Fox Inc will start to retool their offices to offer the type of amenities millennials have come to expect, and some companies have already taken steps in that direction.  Warner Music Group leased a 257,000-square-foot renovated Ford auto plant in downtown LA’s trendy Arts District, and Viacom Inc has consolidated its West Coast operations, which were scattered across the region, from Burbank to Santa Monica, into one central Hollywood office building leased from Kilroy Realty Corp.  New model  “You’ve got all the existing studio companies, which is Sony, Fox, Disney and Warner Bros., and they’re not just going to say, 'OK, we’re going to stick to the old model,’” said Coleman, the Hudson Pacific CEO, whose company had 42.2% of its tenants in the tech industry and 13.6% in entertainment last year.  The expansion of streaming companies’ office space has coincided with LA’s efforts to attract more production. Last year, revised incentives were introduced, which led to 6.2% more shooting days than in 2015, while the number of feature films shot in LA jumped 12%, according to FilmL.A. Inc, the official film office for the city and county.  New media, however, has used few tax incentives, with only Hulu’s Citizen, Netflix’s 13 Reasons Why and Amazon’s Good Girls Revolt, which has been cancelled, receiving subsidies last year, said Philip Sokoloski, a FilmL.A. spokesman.  The convergence of entertainment and tech has created new outlets for production while also leading to greater use of office space. Technological advancements have scaled down the number of people required to work on sound stages and boosted demand for offices as employees move behind computers. Still, not all buildings are benefiting.  Traditional office properties are still coping with high vacancies, with younger workers expecting the catered food, open floor plans and ultra-casual dress codes that are rare in towers home to accounting and law firms.  David Simon, executive vice president of Southern California for Los Angeles-based Kilroy, Viacom’s landlord, said some traditional office buildings “can be transformed” for companies seeking looser, more creative space – as long as landlords have “the right vision and the right capital.” In the meantime, media and tech tenants will continue to seek space in places like Hollywood and the Arts District as they seek to produce content in the entertainment capital of the world.  “They’re all looking, and they’re all coming,” Hudson Pacific’s Coleman said. “We’re in a pretty strong wind tunnel and we’ve got it blowing behind us.” — Bloomberg Related Stories You May Be Interested China’s Huawei, Philippine telco join forces in 5G deal Toshiba shares tumble as bigger stake in chip unit likely up for sale Spotify expands with World Trade Centre move French President Hollande demands election cyber-security measures Lenovo’s profit misses estimates after PC rivals erode lead Huawei said to plan its own voice assistant for smartphones Others Also Read Places to go on a weekend Tokyo launches mobiles-to-medals recycling campaign China demands Vietnam's apology for attack alleged by tourist advertisement Latest News Carpool and save with GrabShare Ukraine says Russian state hackers using new viruses for attacks Canada’s Shopify reports bigger loss as expenses soar Pokémon Go: The universe expands Tired of screen addicts, Vienna café says phone juice costs extra Most Viewed in Tech Pokémon Go: The universe expands Nokia 3310 on the comeback trail: report Tired of screen addicts, Vienna café says phone juice costs extra Canada’s Shopify reports bigger loss as expenses soar Carpool and save with GrabShare Stand up to cancer Huawei said to plan its own voice assistant for smartphones Lenovo’s profit misses estimates after PC rivals erode lead Ukraine says Russian state hackers using new viruses for attacks Smartphone maker Huawei catching up on Samsung, Apple: study Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 15 February 2017 | MYT 9:00 AM Algorithms: the managers of our digital lives Soon they'll run the world: Cardon says four main "families" of web algorithms exist – one calculates the popularity of web pages, another assesses their authority within the digital community, a third evaluates the notoriety of social network users and the fourth attempts to predict the future. — AFP Algorithms are a crucial cog in the mechanics of our digital world, but also a nosy minder of our personal lives and a subtle, even insidious influence on our behaviour.  They have also come to symbolise the risks of a computerised world conditioned by commercial factors.  A gift from a Persian scientist  Long before they were associated with Google searches, Facebook pages and Amazon suggestions, algorithms were the brainchild of a Persian scientist.  The term is a combination of mediaeval Latin and the name of a ninth century mathematician and astronomer, Al-Khwarizmi, considered the father of algebra.  A bit like a kitchen recipe, an algorithm is a series of instructions that allows you to obtain a desired result, according to sociologist Dominique Cardon, who wrote What Algorithms Dream Of.  Initially known mainly to mathematicians, the term spread as computers developed.  The brains of computer programmes are algorithms, and are thus a central cog in the internet machine.  Where are algorithms found?  "We are literally surrounded by algorithms," says Olivier Ertzscheid, a French professor of information technology and communication.  "Every time you consult Facebook, Google or Twitter you are exposed to choices" that algorithms calculate for us, and we are also sometimes influenced by them, he told AFP.  They reign in the finance sector, one example being high frequency trading programmes, which can execute trades in milliseconds driven by algorithms that analyse a range of market and economic factors. Their speed and rule-based nature means they can make markets volatile and have triggered so-called flash crashes in the foreign exchange and stock markets.  Police forces increasingly use algorithms to predict where and when crimes are most likely to be committed. Predpol, a software programme, claims to have contributed to double-digit drops in burglaries, robberies and vehicle theft in several US states and is also used in Kent, southern England.  Satellite tracking and surveillance would not have reached the point they are at today without sophisticated algorithms.  How Google began  In the 1990s, PageRank (PR) was created in Stanford, California by Larry Page and Sergey Brin, Google's co-founders.  PR made it possible to class web pages by order of popularity. It became the heart of the Google research engine, which responds to key words within a fraction of a second. In addition to PR, Google uses "a dozen algorithms... to deal with spam, detect copyright infractions" and handle other crucial tasks, Ertzscheid explains.  Facebook and the 'filter bubble'  Facebook uses sophisticated algorithms to offer its more than 1.8 billion users worldwide personalised content, in particular on its News Feed service which compiles messages from "friends", and shares articles selected according to each users social media contacts.  One risk posed by such a system is that of "The Filter Bubble" according to Eli Pariser, who developed the concept in a book of the same name. Being surrounded by information filtered by algorithms based on one's friends, tastes and previous digital searches and choices, someone surfing the internet can be plunged unwittingly into a "cognitive bubble" that just reinforces their convictions and perspective on the world.  Algorithms and the truth  Another risk was exposed during the last US presidential election – the prevalence of so-called fake news or hoaxes on Facebook and other social media. Facebook's algorithms were not designed to distinguish true from false – a feat that is difficult even for artificial intelligence – but the popularity of information.  Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg has sought to deflect criticism that it had been used to fuel the spread of misinformation that may have impacted the presidential race, but the company responded to growing criticism by saying new tools would be provided so users could call attention to controversial content.  Thinking for us?  Cardon says four main "families" of web algorithms exist. One calculates the popularity of web pages, another assesses their authority within the digital community, and a third evaluates the notoriety of social network users. The fourth attempts to predict the future.  This last one is "problematic" for the sociologist, because it tries to anticipate our future behaviour based on clues we have left on the internet in the past.  It shows up on Amazon for example as book recommendations based on past purchases.  "We build the calculators, but in return they build us" too, Cardon concluded. — AFP Related Stories You May Be Interested Toshiba to delay chip business sale to next year: Kyodo China’s Huawei, Philippine telco join forces in 5G deal Jaguar fuels in-car innovation with its latest app Toshiba shares tumble as bigger stake in chip unit likely up for sale Facebook shutters hundreds of Oculus VR demo stations at Best Buy stores Apple struggles to make big deals, hampering strategy shifts Others Also Read Brilliant Bayern fire on all cylinders to out-gun Arsenal Made to match an active lifestyle Jakarta election: Can we leave religion, race out of runoff? advertisement Latest News Carpool and save with GrabShare Ukraine says Russian state hackers using new viruses for attacks Canada’s Shopify reports bigger loss as expenses soar Pokémon Go: The universe expands Tired of screen addicts, Vienna café says phone juice costs extra Most Viewed in Tech Pokémon Go: The universe expands Nokia 3310 on the comeback trail: report Tired of screen addicts, Vienna café says phone juice costs extra Canada’s Shopify reports bigger loss as expenses soar Carpool and save with GrabShare Stand up to cancer Huawei said to plan its own voice assistant for smartphones Lenovo’s profit misses estimates after PC rivals erode lead Ukraine says Russian state hackers using new viruses for attacks Smartphone maker Huawei catching up on Samsung, Apple: study Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Classifieds Careers Autos Rentals Submit An Ad Obituaries Our Partners My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Classifieds Classifieds Careers Autos Rentals Submit An Ad Obituaries My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Digital Edition Our Partners My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Home News Local News Lakeland Mills Disaster Legebokoff Trial Author bios Opinion Editorial Columnists Letters Send us a letter Sports Hockey Catch of the Day Entertainment Local A & E Events Submit Event Alphabet Project Kid Scoop Links Raise a Reader Horoscopes Washington Post Profiles of Excellence Photos Contests Circulation Vacation Stop Delivery Problem Carrier Application Raise a Reader Flyers X Google argues against 'punitive' tax proposal for digital media Terry Pedwell / The Canadian Press February 14, 2017 06:06 PM OTTAWA — Proposals for tax changes aimed at helping Canadian publishers fight for revenues with online news aggregators would result in a punitive "tax on advertisers," executives from Google Canada and Facebook Canada told a Commons committee studying the country's media industry. That's because tax laws currently on the books designed to prop up the industry are archaic and simply don't apply to the Internet age, Jason Kee, Google Canada's head of policy and government relations, told the heritage committee Tuesday. Kee said he had concerns over how such changes would be implemented. "Long story short, it's essentially a tax on Canadian advertisers," he said. A report commissioned by the Department of Heritage and unveiled late last month called on Ottawa to consider changing tax laws to favour Canadian news publishers in the digital advertising market and use the new revenue stream to establish an independent, publicly subsidized journalism fund. The independent think-tank Public Policy Forum recommended that advertising with foreign-owned websites no longer be deductible under the federal Income Tax Act. The report, authored by former journalist Edward Greenspon, said that, by extending a 10 per cent withholding tax to commercials and advertising carried by foreign digital media, the government could create a new revenue stream of up to $400 million annually. But Kee said that assumes a direct relationship between an advertiser and a publisher that doesn't actually exist in the digital world, but which does for traditional media under a policy dating from the 1960s. "So as a result, a change in tax treatment could actually be punitive and there may not actually be an alternative (way to advertise)," he said. Facebook Canada’s Kevin Chan added that the committee should be asking Canadian advertisers what they think of the tax change proposal, suggesting they might shed more light on how the potential changes would affect them. The appearance by representatives of the social media aggregators was the first since both firms pledged to roll out tools in Canada designed to crack down on so-called "fake news." Both Facebook and Google said they planned to unveil those tools in Canada soon — as they have already in the United States and elsewhere — to help users discern between credible news and what they term "misrepresentative content." Chan told the committee the tools will be introduced slowly and will at first be "narrow in scope" over concerns that legitimate news might be deemed "fake news" after being flagged by users who simply might not agree with a story, even if it's accurate. Heritage Minister Melanie Joly held consultations last fall where media industry representatives argued in favour of an Internet tax or at least a sales tax on streamed digital content to help pay for Canadian content. While Joly has insisted there would be "no Netflix" tax under the Liberal government, she has deferred questions about a potential sales tax to the Finance Department. But a spokesperson for Finance Minister Bill Morneau said last month that expanding the Goods and Services Tax to Netflix was not in the works. Foreign-based streaming services are technically subject to sales tax on their Canadian sales, but no system has ever been established to collect the tax. Revenue for Canadian news content providers, including traditional media, has dwindled as advertising dollars shift to online news aggregator services. Pollster Allan Gregg at Earnscliffe Strategy Group, has said Canadians have enjoyed faster access to more content than ever before, thanks to the Internet, and don't see a crisis in the news business. A majority of those he has polled are dead-set against taxpayers propping up the industry, Gregg added. Joly told the Canadian Media Producers Association earlier this month that Canadians she has heard from want all media providers to be treated equally, but they don’t want to see their Internet bills go up. "We have to bear in mind that Canadians are anxious about their cost of living," Joly said. Joly has promised to unveil a cultural strategy this year aimed in part at bolstering job growth in Canada's cultural sector, with an emphasis on cultural exports. The minister is also expected to announce soon the results of her wide-ranging review of Canada's media and cultural industries. Joly's office has called the shifts in news revenue streams "significant," and said the government hopes its Canadian content consultations can help it assess how to best support the production of local, credible and reliable news and information. The heritage committee is expected to report to Parliament by spring. — Follow @tpedwell on Twitter Note to readers: This is a corrected story. A previous version incorrectly attributed paragraphs 2, 3 and 8 to Facebook Canada's Kevin Chan, and paragraph 10 to Google Canada's Jason Kee, and also misattributed the word 'punitive' in the headlines to Facebook. © Copyright 2017 Prince George Citizen Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close next Loaded handgun earns man three years in jail › next Sign Up For Our e-Newsletter! City Matters Your City Matters - City of Prince George Popular Citizen You Might Like Most Read Most Recent Warrants issued for two convicts at large February 15, 2017 Teacher suspended for soaking students February 15, 2017 Harmony House vision part of reconciliation February 14, 2017 Loaded handgun earns man three years in jail February 15, 2017 No compensation for family of teen killed in crash February 14, 2017 Province appeals acquittal of B.C. man found not guilty in child-bride case February 15, 2017 Court docket: February 6-10 Updated: February 14, 2017 Wood treater fined for safety violations February 15, 2017 The importance of rights and responsibilities February 7, 2014 Parking strategy packing punch, city's numbers show February 15, 2017 Duration, dosage key to chemical safety February 15, 2017 Cats solve Chiefs but slip in CHL rankings February 15, 2017 Things to know before giving away your wealth February 15, 2017 Parkade to be closed for maintenance February 15, 2017 Loaded handgun earns man three years in jail February 15, 2017 Parking strategy packing punch, city's numbers show February 15, 2017 Open house on student reporting coming to Prince George February 15, 2017 Wood treater fined for safety violations February 15, 2017 Warrants issued for two convicts at large February 15, 2017 Donating securities has added benefit for charities February 15, 2017 Donald Trump Presidency POLL Bookmakers around the world are taking bets on how long it will be before U.S. President Donald Trump will resign or be impeached. What do you think? six months a year two years four years eight years or  view results Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events Sign Up For Our Newsletter! Have the Prince George Citizen delivered to your inbox every day! You can unsubscribe any time, or contact us with any questions. Email:* Close Glacier Papers Alaska Highway News Pipeline News North Times Colonist Burnaby Now The Tri-Cities Now Delta-Optimist Royal City Record North Shore News Richmond News Vancouver Courier Other Sections About Us Advertising Circulation Contact Us Privacy Policy & User Agreement PG Pics Scene Sweetheart Bridal Newspapers in Education Real Estate Weekly Special Sections TV Listings Connect Back to top © Copyright 2017 Glacier Community Media Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money SME Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development ET Home›Small Biz›Startups 02:37 PM | 16 Febmarket stats SENSEX 28,312156.43 NIFTY 50 8,77852.95 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,280137.00 USD/INR 66.930.02 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex surges 150 points; Nifty50 nears 8,800 level Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Google in buyout talks with Indian startups and VC firms By Madhav Chanchani & Neha Alawadhi, ET Bureau | Updated: Feb 15, 2017, 08.22 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » ZipDial | YouTube offline | Twitter | RailTel | Google | Avendus Capital The world's largest internet company is seeking to directly invest in or acquire companies in India that cater to whom it refers to as the next billion internet users. Panneerselvam vs Sasikala: Who will lead Jayalalithaa's party? Track the turmoil in Tamil Nadu here BENGALURU|NEW DELHI: Google has begun exploratory talks with startups and venture capital investors in the country in what could lead to its first acquisition of an Indian company, according to three people directly aware of the matter. The world's largest internet company is seeking to directly invest in or acquire companies in India that cater to whom it refers to as the next billion internet users, these people said. "Two major areas of focus for them are products for the next billion users and acqui-hires in high-tech areas," one of them said, adding that a transaction is not imminent yet. Another person, an investor, said Google is unlikely to invest in consumer-internet companies such as online retailers. Google recently hired Seema Rao, who was a vice-president at investment bank Avendus Capital, to lead corporate development, or acquisitions and strategic investments, in India and Southeast Asia. The online search giant dominates the domestic digital advertisement market but its next phase of growth in the country would depend on how fast India is able to improve its network infrastructure and expand its number of internet users. Google's focus on tapping the next billion internet users, typically in India's small cities and towns, could see it making strategic investments or acquiring technology-enabled firms in the financial services, healthcare, education or mobile utilities sectors, said the people mentioned above.They declined to be identified because the talks are in very early stages. As for the potential acqui-hires, which refers to buying a company for its employees, Google is expected to focus on companies working in areas such as cloud computing and cybersecurity, they said. A Google India spokesperson declined to comment on the company's investment plans in India. Google, one of the world's most-ac quisitive technology companies, has not bought a single startup in India yet. Globally, it has acquired more than 70 companies since the beginning of 2014, according to data from CB Insights. The Mountain View, California-headquartered company presently invests in domestic startups through its venture capital arm, CapitalG, which recently led a $15 million financing round in education technology startup Cuemath. Google India posted a 44% jump in turnover to Rs 5,904 crore for the year to March 2016, aided by a smartphonespowered expansion of the country's internet user base and an ecommerce boom. But India's estimated 462 million internet users are merely about 35% of its 1.3-billion population and pale against China's 731million internet users. Even so, India accounts for the largest number of users of Google's mobile operating system Android and has become a key test market for products like YouTube Offline. The company is trying to boost internet use in India, including by providing free WiFi at certain railway stations through a collaboration with RailTel, the telecom arm of Indian Railways. Google is training its investment focus on startups that can help it expand among low-bandwidth internet users, similar to what microblogging platform Twitter tried to do with its acquisition of missed call marketing platform ZipDial in 2015, said a third person aware of Google's investment plans for India. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Want to post your ad? Switch to Colombia Colombia Top 10 Highest Earning Bollywood Playback Singers Bollywood Union 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancerMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 'Indians will keep on working in United States' Scooter's back, with new hero on road Real Estate From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times 7 Distracted Driving Habits You Need to Avoid Safelite Value City Furniture | We Make Furniture Shopping Easy Value City Furniture $14.95 Oil Change Special in Hyattsville - Fast & Efficent.. Finds Oil Change Coupons Find Down Payment Assistance Programs In Your Area! Down Payment Resource Mobile payments to overtake physical card spends in 2017 Tesla to enter India with new sedan at attractive price CJI JS Khehar acts tough on frivolous PILs, appeals Governors, our federal fire fighters READ MORE ON » ZipDial | YouTube offline | Twitter | RailTel | Google | Avendus Capital To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented How ISRO helped Planet create its own world record, image entire planet, every day Amazon to open food-only outlets along with an online platform to sell locally produced items Former CFO Rajiv Bansal often came across as a 'misfit' at Ola Google in buyout talks with Indian startups and VC firms Snapdeal set to raise prices, seek higher margins from sellers More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Sensex, Nifty Live|Elections 2017 Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Thursday, February 16, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump Plans to Have an Ally Review the U.S. Spy Agencies By JAMES RISEN and MATTHEW ROSENBERG Stephen A. Feinberg, the billionaire co-founder of Cerberus Capital Management, appears to be President Trump’s choice. Some see this as a way for Mr. Trump to get inside a world he has viewed with suspicion. It has raised anxiety within the agencies that the review could curtail their independence. Russia Dismisses Reports on Contact With Agents Trump Campaign Aides Spoke to Russian Intelligence Puzder, Labor Nominee, Withdraws Amid G.O.P. Doubts By ALAN RAPPEPORT Andrew F. Puzder, a fast-food executive, has withdrawn his name as criticism of his business record and character put his confirmation in doubt. Video by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS. Photo by Stephen Crowley/The New York Times President Trump and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu appeared at a joint news conference on Wednesday. Mideast Peace Doesn’t Demand 2 States, Trump Says By PETER BAKER and MARK LANDLER 1:58 AM ET Mr. Trump’s comments, after meeting with Israel’s leader, are a striking departure from two decades of diplomatic orthodoxy.  Comments Palestinians Dismayed by Two-State Remarks Settlers See Ally in Trump’s Pick for Envoy Trump’s Son-in-Law Has a Personal Connection to Israel After Election, Trump’s Love for Leaks Quickly Faded By MICHAEL D. SHEAR He once embraced, and sought, the release of Hillary Clinton’s emails, but now he is calling for an end to this “criminal action.” Conservative Talk Radio Stands by Trump in Turmoil A Punishing News Cycle Is Re-energizing Journalists By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM and SYDNEY EMBER In consequence and velocity, the developments of the past four weeks are jogging memories of momentous journalistic times. More in Politics Where Is Rex Tillerson? Secretary of State Skips Leaders’ Visits Mattis Tells NATO Allies to Spend More, or Else White House Offers Rules to Steady Insurance Markets Boeing Workers in South Carolina Vote to Turn Down Union By NOAM SCHEIBER Employees faced enormous pressure from management ahead of the vote, which was widely viewed as an early test of labor’s strength in the Trump era. Mysterious Death of the North Korean Ruler’s Half Brother By CHOE SANG-HUN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK Kim Jong-nam, reportedly poisoned in a Malaysian airport, had lived a playboy’s life but never stopped looking over his shoulder. Malaysia Arrests Second Woman in His Death 11:53 PM ET Deportation Looms for Mother: ‘I Want You to Be Brave’ By JULIE TURKEWITZ Jeanette Vizguerra of Denver, unsure of her chances in the new Trump administration, prepared her young children for the possibility of separation on Wednesday. Doctor’s Tendency to Prescribe Opioids Is Tied to Dependency By JAN HOFFMAN A study of the use of opioid painkillers found that patients who had encountered a “high-intensity” prescribing doctor in the emergency room were more likely to become long-term users. The Daily 360 1:46 Bending Sound in the Guggenheim Tim Chaffee & Kaitlyn Mullin/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Fox News’s Harassment Payments Are Said to Be Under Investigation 10:30 PM ET U.S. Traffic Deaths Rise for a Second Straight Year Greenpeace Links Beijing’s Air Pollution Surge to Steel Factories 4:00 AM ET E.U. Parliament Votes to Ratify Canada Trade Deal Verizon and Yahoo Are Said to Be Near a Revised Merger Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Crosswords The New York Times Celebrates 75 Years of Crosswords Once considered a print-only, uber-intellectual pursuit, the puzzle has evolved to provide a satisfying diversion that anyone can learn and solve. The Youngest Crossword Constructor in Times History 11 Remarkable Crosswords for New Solvers Save this story to read later on any device. Save Your Thursday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 1:27 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ From fateful call to resignation, the 47-day fall of Donald Trump's national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn. Audio Support the mission of The Times. Sponsor a student subscription today. Smarter Living Lower Back Ache? Be Active and Wait It Out By GINA KOLATA A national physicians’ group says back pain is treated best by exercise, massage therapy or yoga and over-the-counter pain relievers, not medications like opioids.  Comments Sketch Guy Spending More Now Can Equal Spending Less Later By CARL RICHARDS The cheaper, lower-quality item can be a bad deal if you’ll have to replace it several times before the more expensive, higher-quality one would wear out. Legacy of Rio Olympics So Far Is Unkept Promises By ANNA JEAN KAISER Less than six months after the Games ended, many venues have been abandoned, despite government promises of “no white elephants.”  Comments Winston Churchill Wrote of Alien Life in a Lost Essay By KIMIKO de FREYTAS-TAMURA At the onset of World War II, he took the time to write a scientific paper about the probability of life elsewhere in the universe. Europe’s Tech Sector Shrugs Off Regional Uncertainty By MARK SCOTT 1:00 AM ET Despite political problems and sluggish economic growth, the region’s start-ups and venture capitalists are investing big to challenge Silicon Valley’s dominance. New York Fashion Week Is This a Women’s Show or a Men’s Show? By SUSAN CHIRA Depending on which show you viewed, women and men wore virtually interchangeable clothes, in restrained androgyny, raising questions about gender fluidity and fashion in 2017. ‘Great Comet’ Actors Meet a Fan in Anna Wintour The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. This Season Belongs to Riley Keough After captivating critics in “The Girlfriend Experience,” the actress is becoming famous her own way. The tabloids are for the rest of her family. Directing ‘Grease’ as a High Schooler in Kenya Saheem Ali, who will direct a “Twelfth Night” production at the Public Theater, recalls putting together a version of “Grease” when he was a teenager in Nairobi. Denzel Washington, the Oscars and Race The actor, nominated for “Fences,” discusses bringing more of August Wilson’s work to the screen. And he finds a path to social progress. The Opinion Pages Editorial Time to Investigate Trump’s Ties to Russia In history, this is where Congress steps in.  Comments Editorial: Inching Toward a One-State Solution? Blow: Drip, Drip, Drip Collins: Well, Trump Watchers, Things Could Be Worse 3:21 AM ET Contributing Op-Ed Writer The Democrats’ Immigration Problem By THOMAS B. EDSALL 3:21 AM ET Conflicts between the party’s core constituencies make this a tricky issue for candidates and voters alike.  Comments Contributing Op-Ed Writer Who Will Watch the Agents Watching Our Borders? By LINDA GREENHOUSE 3:21 AM ET The gloves appear to be off when it comes to the government’s pursuit of undocumented immigrants.  Comments Kristof: What Did Trump Know, and When? Join us on Facebook » User Subscriptions Looking for a Good Laugh? The Times Introduces a New Column When They Say ‘State Your Name,’ She Says: ‘Yes, It Is’ Times Insider » Looking for a Good Laugh? The Times Introduces a New Column The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Movies Love ‘La La Land’? Hate It? So Do We Opinion Op-Doc: Alone U.S. A Liberal Agitates Ole Miss, From the Inside Food Roti, a Recipe Mastered Through Repetition Opinion Theresa May’s Empire of the Mind Times Insider The Times Introduces a Late-Night TV Column Multimedia/Photos Lens: Photojournalism’s Uncertain Future Opinion Disabled and Silenced in Trump’s America Food Flames Fuel the Flavor in a Blood Orange Dessert Opinion What California’s Dam Crisis Says About the Climate Five years of drought show that the state’s aging system of dams is not equipped for global warming. Sports Ex-Athlete’s Scholarship Fight Helps His ‘Brothers’ N.Y. / Region Amid Winter Gloom, Cardinals Sing of Spring Sections World » Trump, Meeting With Netanyahu, Backs Away From Palestinian State South Africa, a Nation With Sharp Inequality, Considers a Minimum Wage Israeli Settlement Sees Friendly Faces in Trump Administration Business Day » Asian Conglomerates, Flush With Cash, Scour for U.S. Fund Deals Journalists, Battered and Groggy, Find a Renewed Sense of Mission Greenpeace Links Beijing’s Air Pollution Surge to Steel Factories Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Judges v. Trump: Be Careful What You Wish For Editorial: Time for Congress to Investigate Mr. Trump’s Ties to Russia Charles M. Blow: Drip, Drip, Drip U.S. » Immigrant Mother in Denver Takes Refuge as Risk of Deportation Looms White House Plans to Have Trump Ally Review Intelligence Agencies Bookstores Stoke Trump Resistance With Action, Not Just Words Technology » Yahoo and Verizon Are Said to Be Near a Cheaper Deal Tech We're Using: Why I Still Love TiVo and How a Sous Vide Gadget Rescued Me Coming to Video Games Near You: Depressed Towns, Dead-End Characters Arts » Love ‘La La Land’? Hate It? So Do We Hugh Jackman on Nearing the End of Logan’s Run The Carpetbagger: Denzel Washington, the Oscars and Race Politics » White House Plans to Have Trump Ally Review Intelligence Agencies Day Without Immigrants to Hit Washington in the Stomach After Election, Trump’s Professed Love for Leaks Quickly Faded Fashion & Style » Gender Fluidity on the Runways In the Annals of Party Throwing, Steven Schwarzman Has Some Competition Going Places at Coach and Tory Burch Movies » The Carpetbagger: Denzel Washington, the Oscars and Race Love ‘La La Land’? Hate It? So Do We Critic's Notebook: Highlights, From the Intimate to the Political, in a Midwinter Film Series New York » New York City Girds for Political Brawl Over Looming Speaker Vacancy Skating, and Scoring, for God’s Glory Pedro Hernandez Found Guilty of Kidnapping and Killing Etan Patz in 1979 Sports » Legacy of Rio Olympics So Far Is Series of Unkept Promises On Baseball: Cubs Setting Out on the Tough Road to Repeat as Champs On Basketball: In Socially Conscious N.B.A., Perception of Knicks Dims Again Theater » Review: ‘Man From Nebraska’ Delivers a Midlife Crisis of Faith Review: In ‘Good Samaritans,’ They Sing and Dance, but This Isn’t ‘La La Land’ ‘Grease’ in a Nairobi High School: Saheem Ali on His First Time Directing Science » NASA Looks to Speed Timetable for Putting Astronauts in Deep Space Winston Churchill Wrote of Alien Life in a Lost Essay Harvard and M.I.T. Scientists Win Gene-Editing Patent Fight Obituaries » Stanley Bard, Who Ran Chelsea Hotel as a Bohemian Sanctuary, Dies at 82 From Thomas Wolfe to Sid Vicious, Artists and the Chelsea Hotel Barbara Carroll, Pioneering Jazz Pianist and Singer, Dies at 92 Television » Review: Raunchy Superheroes and the World’s Worst Parents Katherine Heigl Tackles Tricky Cases and Jumbled Scripts in ‘Doubt’ Reporter's Notebook: You May Be ‘The Young Pope,’ but You’re No Francis Health » Long-Term Opioid Use Could Depend on the Doctor Who First Prescribed It Global Health: A Contentious List of Finalists for Global Aid Fund Group’s Director Phys Ed: Why Exercise Is Good for the Heart Travel » South Korea’s Olympian Winter Moment Choice Tables: In Taipei, Restaurants That Harness the Bounty of Taiwan Foraging: Five Places to Shop in Stockholm Books » Books of The Times: Review: ‘Homo Deus’ Foresees a Godlike Future. (Ignore the Techno-Overlords.) Books of The Times: ‘Homesick for Another World,’ Food (and Bodily Functions) for Thought Bookstores Stoke Trump Resistance With Action, Not Just Words Education » Oxford Journal: A Liberal Wanted to Agitate Ole Miss From Inside. He’s Succeeding. Intel Drops Its Sponsorship of Science Fairs, Prompting an Identity Crisis Yale Will Drop John Calhoun’s Name From Building Food » Does Fame Have a Recipe? Dominique Crenn’s Fast Rise Sell By? Use By? Grocery Industry Moves to Simplify Labels Roti, a Recipe Mastered Through Repetition Sunday Review » Opinion: What We’re Fighting For Editorial: Republicans Hold On to a Myth to Hold On to Power Frank Bruni: Are Democrats Falling Into Trump’s Trap? Real Estate » Living In: Port Chester, N.Y.: Suburban, with a Bustling Downtown What You Get: $1,200,000 Homes in Virginia, Massachusetts and Washington International Real Estate: House Hunting in ... Montreal The Upshot » Economic Trends: While We’re Distracted by the Drama, the Economy Seems to Be Taking Off Public Health: Now You Can Do Your Taxes Without Filling Out the Insurance Question Wishful Thinking: Why More Democrats Are Now Embracing Conspiracy Theories Magazine » Feature: The Compost King of New York Feature: The Age of Rudeness Feature: Will Obamacare Really Go Under the Knife? Automobiles » U.S. Traffic Deaths Rise for a Second Straight Year Driven: Video Review: Porsche Panamera Now Has Looks to Match Its Speed and Luxury General Motors, Considering Exiting Europe, Talks About Selling Opel T Magazine » The Season of Riley Keough Women’s Fashion Shows: Coach, Tory Burch, Brandon Maxwell This Artist Just Gave Away Half a Million Dollars in Clothes Times Insider » Postcard From Texas: When They Say ‘State Your Name,’ She Says: ‘Yes, It Is’ The Youngest Crossword Constructor in New York Times History Looking for a Good Laugh? The Times Introduces a New Column Real Estate » International Real Estate House Hunting in ... Montreal By KEVIN BRASS With lower prices than Toronto or Vancouver and an influx of foreign buyers, the Montreal real estate market rebounded in 2016. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Amazon Chime enters the video conferencing game, ready to rival WebEx By Rei Padla - February 14, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Amazon is definitely going big in the mobile and tech industry. We have a feeling it won’t be just known as an e-commerce shop. With the introduction of the Kindle, Fire tablets, Echo, Dot, and Alexa, we know it will also be known as an important mover in gadget town. Google may never admit it but the tech giant seems to have been rattled with the Alexa and Echo’s arrival, prompting them to work on the Google Home smart speaker and improve on the Google Assistant. This time, Amazon is launching a new app for a more unified communications. Meet Amazon Chime–a new communications service that helps you set a meeting, conduct one, chat, and share content in a snap. Amazon Chime can be downloaded on your Android device, iOS unit, Mac, PC, or Chromebook. You can install Amazon Chime and run the program simultaneously on several devices. Your activities will be saved and synchronized with your other gadgets so you are always connected and updated. You can say this is just another instant messaging app but it can do more than connect you to your family, friends, and colleagues. Business meetings can be seamless with the high-quality audio and video conferences, sharing of content, and seamless synchronizations across several devices. It’s similar to what Skype and WebEx currently offer to companies and organizations. In this day age where the world is getting smaller, it’s important that people are equipped with the right tools. For unified communications, Amazon Chime is an ideal solution as you can integrate it with a company’s existing directories, databases, or programs. It’s not as pricey though as the others. Amazon will soon allow support from different partners–specifically through APN partners Level 3 and Vonage according to a press release. By second quarter of this year, Level 3 and Vonage will include Amazon Chime and its Pro Edition to its business suite to be offered to business customers for free. Amazon Chime is ready for download for free (Basic Edition). There’s also the Plus Edition that requires a minimal amount of $2.50 per user monthly. the premium will add user management, email management, configuring Active Directory, and disabling of accounts. For an additional $15 per user per month, you can take advantage of the Amazon Chime Pro Edition with screen sharing, video for a maximum of 100 users, unlimited VoIP support, and in-room video conferencing among others. Download Amazon Chime from the Google Play Store SOURCE: Amazon Story Timeline Follow-up questions now understood by Amazon's Alexa Amazon Fire TV edition coming to selected 4K UHD Smart TVs soon Amazon now has virtual version of their Dash buttons Amazon adds "computer" to wake wards for Echo, Echo Dot Amazon Tap finally has hands-free mode to trigger Alexa TAGS Amazon Amazon Chime Android Apps instant messaging Rei Padla Must Read HTC U Ultra, U Play hands-on: putting “U” at the center 15 best Android games of 2016, which means you should try these if you haven’t already Top 20 Android Apps for 2016 Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,105FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 473,893FollowersFollow 60,230SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2008 - 2017 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
North America 1.877.486.7875 Get a Quote Why Choose Us? About Us Careers Our Process Our Clients Client Reviews and Testimonials The SEP Advantage Case Studies Partners Our Research eBooks and White Papers SEO Local SEO / Search On-Page SEO Off-Page SEO Keyword Research & Analysis Technical SEO Services Google Penalty Assessment Content Development and Optimization Social Media Marketing PPC Display Advertising Remarketing Google Shopping Ads (GSAs) Google Adwords Management Bing Ads Paid Social Media Advertising Social Media Facebook Marketing LinkedIn Marketing Twitter Marketing Youtube Marketing Paid Social Media Advertising Community Management Social Media Contests Social Media Editorial Calendars More Solutions Content Marketing Marketing Automation Email Marketing Services Inbound Marketing Conversion Optimization Lead Nurturing Analytics & Reporting Web Design & Development Blog Contact Get a Quote Careers 5 SEO Wins to Boost Your Website’s Traffic Home/SEO/5 SEO Wins to Boost Your Website’s Traffic 5 SEO Wins to Boost Your Website’s Traffic What’s your New Year’s resolution for your business? Expand your customer base? Increase the number of sales? Increase the number of returning customers? How about increasing the traffic to your website? That way you have a bigger audience to sell too, and hopefully, with the right product or service and content on your website, you’ll be able to expand your customer base. Many businesses have a poorly-optimised website and are missing out on plenty of organic traffic as a result. With a few changes to their sites they can see an upturn in both their rankings and traffic in a short period of time. There are lots of SEO changes you can make to boost your website, some of these can be quick and small or even outsourced to save you time. Here are five changes that may benefit your site to begin the New Year: Mobile-friendly Google confirmed in early November that they would be moving to a mobile-first index early this year (later confirmed for 10 January 2017) meaning that a mobile optimised site is more important than ever. This is not just a mobile-friendly site that ticks all the boxes in Google’s mobile-friendly test, but one that is optimised to rank in mobile results too. Most of us now have a mobile-friendly site but not everyone is putting in enough effort to rank in Google’s mobile results. Today, more people are searching on Google using a mobile device than they do a desktop. Although users still convert higher on the desktop on the whole I expect it to be only a matter of time before mobile wins in this category too. So don’t hang around and miss out on potential traffic and customers with a mobile site simply built to satisfy Google but rather, build one to be successful in the mobile-first index. Redirects To Wisely Use Link Juice You publish content on your blog, it gets a lot of traffic and social shares, inherits link and then overtime it becomes outdated. Maybe it also gets deleted. Every once in a while it’s worth downloading a list of links to your website to analyse which pages they are linking to. It’s especially important if you have a blog on your website. Links pointing to old blog posts or pages that are less relevant than they used to be – these can either be updated or their link juice redirected passed onto new pages. To make this a quick process, download a list of pages on your website that are inbound links and then run those pages through Screaming Frog to find out if any of these pages no longer exist. After running this check, any pages that no longer exist but have inbound links should be redirect to a relevant page on your website. Competitor Research If you aren’t doing so already it’s always worth keeping an eye on what your competitors are up to. Have they changed any page titles? Done any link building? Published any press releases? Run their site through Screaming Frog to see if there are any additional terms they’re using compared to your site and use a tool such as Majestic for a copy of their backlink profile. You can find quick wins with new keywords to focus on and new publications your business haven’t been in that your competitors are in. Depending how big your competitors’ sites are and how big their backlink profiles are will determine how long the task is to look through a couple of spreadsheets for this information. Page Loading Speed Having already mentioned the popularity of mobile searches it’s important that your website loads quickly. No one likes hanging around for a website that takes forever to load – on both mobile and desktop. Websites that load quicker also seem to both rank and convert better. After all, who wants to wait for each individual page to load slowly during purchasing when the same or similar product or service can be purchased quicker elsewhere? Google even have their own PageSpeed tools to help you fix page loading speed issues with your website. Use Schema To Stand Out A large percentage of Google results incorporate Rich Snippets, supported by Schema. Yet, at the end of 2016 the percentage of websites making the most of this tool and additional space on Google’s results appeared much smaller. There are still lots and lots of websites, potentially you and your competitors that are not using Schema or not using it to its full advantage. This could mean there’s an opportunity for you to stand out from the competition or simply to get back on par with them. Rich Snippets help your listing stand out in the organic results which could be the difference between a user clicking on your website than the results above or below it. Google shows plenty of Rich Snippet results – perhaps your business could benefit from using Schema to enhance your search results for events, review ratings, products, recipes and videos for example.   Hand-Picked Related Articles: How to Increase Traffic with a Better User Experience 4 Ways Local & Small Businesses Can Instantly Boost Traffic 7 Best Practices For Getting Traffic To Your Website From Offline Sources * Adapted lead image: Public Domain, pixabay.com via getstencil.com By Barrie Smith|2017-02-14T06:43:22+00:00February 14th, 2017|SEO|0 Comments About the Author: Barrie Smith Written by Barrie - a Link Building Consultant for Receptional Ltd. Follow Barrie on Twitter and Google+ for more updates on Google Panda, Penguin and Link Building. Receptional blog Related Posts Permalink Gallery HTTP Status Codes & Technical SEO Permalink Gallery White Hat Link Building Tactics In 2017 Permalink Gallery What Businesses Can Learn From Restaurants Permalink Gallery 5 Content Marketing Trends That Will Change SEO In 2017 Permalink Gallery “People Who Bought This Also Bought” – Related Keyword Searches Unraveled Leave A Comment Cancel reply Latest Posts Making Videos for Social Media: Do’s and Don’ts 5 SEO Wins to Boost Your Website’s Traffic Must-Read Tips On How To Improve Site Usability For Better Conversions HTTP Status Codes & Technical SEO How To Correct N.A.P. When You Don’t Have Access Anymore Learn more about SEP About Us Why Choose Us? The SEP Advantage Client Reviews and Testimonials Our Process Our Research Partners In The News Contact Us About Us Why Choose Us? Case Studies Client Reviews and Testimonials The SEP Advantage Locations Accessibility Our Solutions Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Pay-Per-Click Management (PPC) Local Search / Local SEO Social Media Marketing Conversion Optimization Lead Nurturing Careers SEM Campaign Manager Marketing Account Manager Contact Us 1.877.486.7875 Toronto 416.800.0993 Montreal 514.907.2148 Vancouver 604.336.0836 info@searchenginepeople.com Privacy Policy | Contact Us Copyright: Search Engine People Inc. – Canada’s Top Digital Agency More in SEO HTTP Status Codes & Technical SEO HTTP codes received much attention in 2016, most notably from tech leaders at Google. The search giant’s attempt to migrate...Close
