GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones TVs Computing Apps Cloud Brand Centres Components Desktop PCs Laptops & Convertibles Monitors Networking & WiFi Security Servers & Storage Software & Services Tablets & eBook Windows Hardware & Software Batteries & Energy Blu-ray Cameras (Stills) Cameras (Video) Virtual Assistants Drones Gadgets GPS and Sat Nav Headphones & Earbuds Home Appliances Home Theatre & Entertainment Media Streamers Printers, Scanners & MFDs Set Top Boxes and PVR Smart Watch & Wearables Smart Home Software & Services Speakers VR and AR Wireless routers & networking Business Centre Business Center Home Cloud Cryptocurrency, Bitcoin & Blockchain eCommerce & Retail Fintech Govt. & Telecomms Hardware Innovation IoT Mobility NBN Networking Search Security Servers & Storage Software & Dev Whitepapers Games & Gaming Console PC More 3D Printing A.I. Car Tech Books Broadband Coding & Hacking Copyright & DRM Education Events Fashion Google Government Health Internet Kids & Toys Music & Audio NBN Netflix & SVOD New & Future Tech Privacy Quantum Computing Recycling & Green Tech Science & Space Social Media Sports Robots Tor & Darknet Travel Web/Geek/Nerd culture Wikileaks & Censorship Shop Good Gear Guide > News > Google to developers: Get on the 18:9 bandwagon or... Google to developers: Get on the 18:9 bandwagon or get left behind In a post on its Android developers blog, Google urges developers to tune their apps for the new aspect ratios on the LG G6 and the Galaxy S8. Michael Simon on 31 March, 2017 01:38 0 - - - - print email Taller is the new bigger. If you haven’t been paying attention to the specifics of the newest Android flagships, you’re not in tune with the latest trend: wider screens. Both the LG G6 and the Galaxy S8 have introduced larger aspect ratios for their displays, and the result is a phone that’s easier to hold and better to use. But there’s a problem when it comes to apps. For years, developers have been optimizing their apps for 16:9 screens, whether they’re 5.2 inches or 5.7 inches. So, when they show up on 18:9 screens (or in Samsung’s case, 18.5:9), there’s going to be some truncating of the screen, meaning the experience will be lessened and you won’t be able to take advantage of the extra real estate. So Google is urging developers to support the new sizes. As it writes in a post on its developer’s blog, “In order to take full advantage of the larger display formats on these devices, you should consider increasing your app's maximum supported aspect ratio. … We recommend that you design your app to support aspect ratios of 2.1 or higher.” Greenbot With a 16:9 aspect ratio on an 18:9 screen (left), apps can't display as much content. Now, the extra room isn’t all that noticeable (on the G6 even less so due to the persistent home button bar at the bottom), but if this is the new trend, developers are going to want to get on board quickly. And since Google has already built in support for a “maximum aspect ratio” in Android, many developers already include support in their apps. The ones who haven’t won’t have much work to do. For a full explanation of how to support the new ratio, you can check out the Supporting Multiple Screens page in Android Developers’ API Guides. Seeing the big picture: Google obviously wants Android apps to look their best on the latest phones, but what’s most interesting here is how quickly it is moving to get developers on board. As it stands, there are only two Android phones that support the new display size, and they’re at the upper-end of the market, which just so happens to be where Google's own Pixel is. It might be a bit of a leap to say that Google is preparing developers for the 18:9 Pixel 2, but it’s not hard to see that Google clearly recognizes the benefits of such a screen, and it looks like it could be more than just a passing fad. Windows 10 for Business / Dell XPS 13 More from Microsoft Windows 10 Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags samsunglgGalaxy S8 Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Michael Simon Unknown Publication Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Essentials Smart LED Bulb LB130 Learn more > UE Boom 2 Bluetooth speaker Learn more > Linksys AC5400 MU-MIMO Gigabit router Learn more > Samsung portable 1TB T3 drive Learn more > Epson WorkForce ET-4550 Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive Learn more > Everki ContemPRO Roll Top Laptop Backpack Learn more > Microsoft L5V-00027 Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard Desktop Learn more > Epson EcoTank Expression ET-2500 Learn more > Mobile Epson WorkForce DS-360W Learn more > Huawei Mate 9 Learn more > Lexar® Portable SSD  Learn more > Epson EB-1776W Learn more > Logitech G403 Prodigy mouse Learn more > Surface Book Learn more > Acer Swift 7 Learn more > 3SIXT Ultra HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S45 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Google Daydream VR headset Learn more > Belkin MIXIT Metallic Lightning to USB Cable Learn more > Exec HP Pavilion x360 13” Learn more > Dell P2715Q Learn more > Dell Inspiron 5000 series 2-in-1 Learn more > Garmin Fenix Chronos smartwatch Learn more > HD Pan/Tilt Wi-Fi Camera with Night Vision NC450 Learn more > Surface Pro 4 Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1800x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards  Learn more > Dell XPS 13 laptop Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20c USB Type-C flash drive  Learn more > Blade 28 backpack by Arc’teryx Learn more > Audio-Technica ATH-ANC70 Noise Cancelling Headphones Learn more > Budget Canon EOS 1300d Learn more > Samsung 960 EVO M.2 hard drive Learn more > Boost Mobile SIM Learn more > Oppo R9s Learn more > Smart Wi-Fi Plug HS110 Learn more > Evapolar USB air conditioner review Learn more > Jabra Sport Pace earbuds Learn more > Lifeproof Fre phone case Learn more > Back To Business Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Subaru XV 2017 review 2 ​Gigabyte Aorus GA-AX370-Gaming 5 AMD Ryzen AM4 motherboard review 3 ​Kogan curved 4K UHD 55-inch LED LCD TV review 4 ​Panasonic Blu-ray recorder PVR set-top box review 5 ​Garmin Fenix Chronos fitness tracker smartwatch review Latest News Articles ​Are we missing the point of Apple Pay? Tesla to begin taking orders for its solar roof shingles Staying alive: DDR5 memory is on its way Windows 10 Creators Update rolls ahead with early access and date for phones New 9.7-inch iPad teardown reveals it's basically an original iPad Air with minor tweaks Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles PCW Evaluation Team Azadeh Williams HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 A smarter way to print for busy small business owners, combining speedy printing with scanning and copying, making it easier to produce high quality documents and images at a touch of a button. Andrew Grant HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 I've had a multifunction printer in the office going on 10 years now. It was a neat bit of kit back in the day -- print, copy, scan, fax -- when printing over WiFi felt a bit like magic. It’s seen better days though and an upgrade’s well overdue. This HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 looks like it ticks all the same boxes: print, copy, scan, and fax. (Really? Does anyone fax anything any more? I guess it's good to know the facility’s there, just in case.) Printing over WiFi is more-or- less standard these days. Ed Dawson HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 As a freelance writer who is always on the go, I like my technology to be both efficient and effective so I can do my job well. The HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 Inkjet Printer ticks all the boxes in terms of form factor, performance and user interface. Michael Hargreaves Windows 10 for Business / Dell XPS 13 I’d happily recommend this touchscreen laptop and Windows 10 as a great way to get serious work done at a desk or on the road. Aysha Strobbe Windows 10 / HP Spectre x360 Ultimately, I think the Windows 10 environment is excellent for me as it caters for so many different uses. The inclusion of the Xbox app is also great for when you need some downtime too! Mark Escubio Windows 10 / Lenovo Yoga 910 For me, the Xbox Play Anywhere is a great new feature as it allows you to play your current Xbox games with higher resolutions and better graphics without forking out extra cash for another copy. Although available titles are still scarce, but I’m sure it will grow in time. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content LG G6 phone: full, in-depth review ​Subaru XV 2017 review ​Samsung Galaxy A5 2017 phone: Full, in-depth review Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTSocial Media ExecutiveNSW FTSystems AnalystsACT FTSenior Business Analyst, Superannuation productNSW CCInside Sales ConsultantNSW TPProcess Business Analyst - Digital InnovationNSW FTEnterprise ArchitectQLD CCSolution ManagerSA FTHadoop Service AdministratorSA FTAgile TesterNSW FTNetwork EngineerACT FTAEM Architect - Blue Chip companyNSW CCProcurement OfficerQLD CCBusiness Analyst Digitalisation projectsQLD CCSystems EngineerACT CCDesktop Engineer (Level 2 &3 )NSW TPDigital Business AnalystNSW FTC# / ASP.NET DeveloperSA TPSenior Business AnalystQLD TPBusiness Change ManagerQLD TPAgile Implementation LeadNSW TPBI Report Developer - SSRS SSIS SSASNSW FTSAP HR Functional ConsultantQLD FTSenior Test AnalystSA FTLinux System AdminstratorQLD FTFull Stack .Net Developer Developer (Front and Back end)QLD Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Cyber security needs voice in boardroom, says ASX tech governance chief computerworld.com.au Digital mortgage processing: taking the elephant one bite at a time cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au ATO hunts for partner to build whole-of-government API hub arnnet.com.au News Corp creates group digital chief role; promotes Eales cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 78 Share on Facebook 57 Share on Twitter Total Shares154 Galaxy S8 News Phone Reviews Videos The Galaxy S6 was, by all accounts, a truly transformational moment for Samsung's industrial design. After years of building plastic phones constantly lambasted for their "cheapness," Samsung made radical changes in an attempt to completely redefine its smartphone brand. Those changes were generally well received, but it always felt like they stopped short: the software was still slow, bloated, and the battery life surprisingly poor. With the Note5 and S6 edge+ we saw significant refinement of that reinvention "moment," but not until the S7 and S7 edge did Samsung really build the concept I think they set out to with those first metal and glass sandwiches. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are Samsung's attempt to show us that they can do more than just iterate on that "Eureka" moment they had in 2015, even if those iterations have generally been quite good. And after the Note7 disaster last year, they really need to make good on that promise. After spending some time with the phones last week, I'm still on the fence as to whether Samsung has truly succeeded - but I think the pieces for success are there. Even if I don't think they're all terribly obvious, and even if the phones don't take any real big risks. The hardware Take what you loved about the Galaxy S7 edge and Note7, then just imagine it all being better. More refined, more coherent, more polished. As to that final point: literally. The Galaxy S8 siblings now feature polished aluminum mid-frames, as opposed to the matte anodized finish of years past. In particular - at least in my opinion - this looks good on the Midnight Black version of the phone, which features a shiny black mid-frame to match. The whole phone visually sort of looks like a deep black stone - it's a very interesting and striking effect Samsung has achieved here. As you'd expect of Samsung, the attention to detail is impeccable. The glass meets the aluminum in a very natural, near-seamless way, and the various body colors all have a distinct character. The front of the phones, however, do not: unlike years past, all colors of the Galaxy S8 and S8+ will feature black surrounds on the display side of the phone, to accentuate Samsung's "infinity display" and its minimal bezel. I absolutely agree with this design decision, because it brings the canvas - the screen - out as the sole focal point of the front of the device. You're drawn to the screen, and everything surrounding it just sort of falls away. Samsung has been paying attention to the little stuff, too. Everything from the design of the camera module (it now has more of stylized "lens" effect) to the smooth USB-C cutout seems carefully considered and manufactured with precision. The phones scream quality, and I am continually impressed by Samsung's ability to iterate in this area. Samsung clearly spends a lot of time and energy on its design and manufacturing processes, and it shows. Perhaps most notably, these phones mark the end of one of the last vestigial elements of the Galaxy brand: capacitive navigation keys and the physical home button. It really makes the S8 and S8+ the cleanest-looking handsets Samsung's ever produced. Above the display sit the standard array of sensors, including a new 8MP front-facing camera with software-simulated autofocus (we'll see how that goes) and the iris scanner array. Out back, Samsung says the 12MP rear camera is basically unchanged physically from last year's, with most optimizations happening on the photo processing side. I'm certainly curious to see how photos compare to last year's phones, then. You still get IP68 waterproofing, and 64GB of storage is now standard (with microSD expansion available). Samsung has retained the headphone jack, but made the switch to USB-C it began with the Note7 last year. Wireless charging is intact, too. As to the deceptively giant displays, at 5.8 and 6.2", respectively, the phones are considerably taller this year. But they're also narrowed, meaning they're easier to get a grip on, and they really aren't especially heavy or unwieldy. Ceding so much of what was previously bezel space to the expanded display seems an obvious choice in retrospect, but to me it definitely necessitated the end of the capacitive keys, otherwise all that extra height tends to feel a bit wasted. Speaking of those keys. The software To answer your first and greatest question: Yes, you can switch the order of the navigation keys. You can either have them in Samsung (read: wrong) order, or change them to the standard Android layout of back, home, and recent apps (left to right). Samsung also lets you customize the color of the navigation bar background, which is nice. Sure, the iconography is nowhere near stock, but I couldn't really give a damn what the buttons look like as long as they do what I expect them to. And no, Bixby is not mapped to long-pressing the home key: that's 100% Google Assistant. (Bixby's functional overlap with Assistant is actually quite minimal - for now.) The latest version of I-Can't-Believe-It's-Not-TouchWiz is based on Android 7.0 (not 7.1, sigh) and feels basically similar to what we had on the Note7 and now have on the Galaxy S7 phones. "Grace UX" is the easiest on the eyes TouchWiz has ever been, and while there are still a bunch of old features in there I hardly think warrant the real estate in the settings app, Samsung continues to provide its own useful additions. I didn't spend much time with the software in-depth, as I really didn't have time. And Samsung's Bixby assistant was only demoed to us in a controlled, scripted test environment, which is useless from an evaluation perspective. I can give you the overview, though: it's basically Google Goggles meets Google Now meets voice-powered accessibility controls. It's definitely an interesting mesh of features, though Samsung's hardest push seems to be around the idea that people will want to use their voice to control things like their screen brightness, toggling the hotspot, picking a camera mode or filter, and generally controlling their device. I am, to put it bluntly, unconvinced anyone will use this. But maybe it'll win me over when our review units come in and I actually have a chance to put it to the test. But, if you were worried that Bixby was an attempt to subvert Google Assistant and replace it: please, don't be. Not yet, at least. Google Assistant and Bixby happily coexist on the Galaxy S8, and are frankly rather different products. Oh, and this is kind of interesting, I guess: Samsung has also implemented the fingerprint scanner gesture to bring down the notification bar. It's off by default, I think, but it's there. Like the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge after their respective Nougat updates, the S8 and S8+ don't actually display in their native, physical resolutions by default (they're set to full HD mode). I remain very divided on this choice: while I know the vast majority of people who own these phones will never, ever notice and reap considerable battery life returns as a result, why put in these more expensive ultra-high-res panels in the first place? Samsung's answer, of course, relies heavily on VR, because you need that Quad HD display mode to provide a good VR experience. But I don't think anyone, even Samsung, has actually produced compelling evidence that consumers care about VR (apart from the companies making VR products). I guess it comes down to the question of how much more a Quad HD panel of this type would cost to produce than a 1080p version. If it's not a big difference, then I guess I get where Samsung is coming from. One feature I found quite interesting is the new home button wake gesture. Simply press your finger on the home button that is shown in the always-on display mode for a moment, and the screen will wake, indicated by a light burst of haptic feedback. While obviously you won't get far if you have a fingerprint scanner lock set, you might be more likely to use Samsung's iris scan or face unlock features (the latter is new to the S8). Given rumors that Samsung intended to place the fingerprint scanner inside the display itself with the S8 but failed to achieve the necessary yields, I have to wonder if this is the compromise they've settled on: pushing customers away from the ubiquitous fingerprint scanner, for now, until their more impressive technology is ready for primetime. As for me, I probably wouldn't use the home button wake regardless - the fingerprint scanner is simply my preferred mode of authentication. The reader is definitely a bit of a reach on these phones, though, and even with my relatively long fingers I found the S8+ would definitely take some getting used to in terms of default hand positioning. Samsung's iris scanner tech is fast and very accurate, but I'm not always looking at my phone when I unlock it. Performance on the phones is not something I feel comfortable expressing any definitive opinion on at this time. They felt fine - not crazy fast, not particularly slow - but given the notoriety Samsung's phones have achieved for slowing down over time, my experience in a controlled demo environment is simply not going to be helpful in assessing these things. It's probably better for me to end that discussion here and save the extended thoughts for our review. I obviously can't judge battery life yet, but Samsung shared an interesting figure with me: the new batteries in the Galaxy S8 and S8+ feature much better cycle longevity than the ones in last year's phones. Whereas after a year of typical charge and discharge cycles last year's Galaxy S7 and S7 edge would see around 20% of their effective capacity lost, Samsung says that figure is more like 5% of capacity lost over a year on the S8 and S8+. That's definitely encouraging. Final thoughts The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are big, beautiful phones. The larger displays are absolutely great, and the switch to virtual navigation keys is long overdue. I'm sure they'll have great cameras, and I expect battery life will probably be largely comparable to last year's phones (i.e., good). TouchWiz is, as far as user experience goes, the best it's ever been. That may not be saying much for some of you, but I generally find Samsung's UI modifications at the very least aesthetically palatable nowadays, and some of the added features are genuinely useful. A switch to 64GB of storage as standard is absolutely welcome and, I think, should be the bar to meet for any flagship phone in 2017. Bixby, despite the fears of many (myself included), doesn't really seem meant to displace Google Assistant or search on your phone. The Snapdragon 835 version of the S8 and S8+ we'll get here in the US packs a lot of new and potent technology, too - it's not just faster than the 820 and 821, it's more efficient and more capable. What am I not loving yet? Launching with Android 7.0 feels oh so typical Samsung: they can preach all they want about how they test their software endlessly in order to ensure updates are smooth and low on bugs, but I just can't shake the feeling that Samsung really has no intention of changing its approach to Android platform updates. Performance is going to be a big question, too (and it's one Samsung seems uninterested in discussing). I won't even be able to conclusively come to an answer in our review, simply due to the amount of time we'll have to use the phones before publishing. That'll take weeks and months of additional testing. Finally, there's a lot of uncertainty remaining around the value proposition these phones will offer, and without pricing, that's hard to comment on just yet. There's also a lingering feeling that the S8 and S8+ feel iterative in terms of actual user experience versus being showcases for advancements in industrial design and engineering. Samsung itself seems very eager to present the reduced bezel and larger displays as the raison d'etre for the Galaxy S8. But it's hard to tell if beauty is more than skin deep with these phones. Why is the screen curved? Because it's pretty (fragile, and the edge UI experience sucks). Why is the aluminum frame now polished? Because it's pretty (and will get scratched). Why aren't the batteries any bigger? Because thin phones are pretty (even though everyone wants bigger batteries). These are thoughts that I've had a harder time shaking than I expected. There's no doubt the Galaxy S8 and S8+ are exceptional achievements from the standpoint of design and phone-building knowhow, but I think I can distill my feelings about them down to this: I'm really unsure why I'd want one of these that much more than a Galaxy S7 edge or, if it still existed, a Note7. If there's some major improvement to performance I missed, maybe that could be it, but on most other fronts - aside from the switch to virtual nav keys - I'm left scratching my head a bit. But, maybe that's just a result of not having enough time with them. Hopefully, we'll be reviewing these phones soon enough, as I'm eager to get a deeper sense of the changes Samsung's made and how they translate into a real-world product experience. Tags galaxy 8 galaxy s8 galaxy s8 hands on galaxy s8 review s8 S8 Plus video subscribe ... Previous Story The Galaxy S8's new battery will degrade less quickly than the Galaxy S7's ... Next Story A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Bedirhan SAVAS Cool phone except the finger print sensor Toss3 Looks like decent phones, but not enough of an upgrade to switch from the s7/s7e. As for android 7.1 it really doesn't matter as samsung usually incorporates a lot of the new features long before they are available on newer android versions. Eagerly looking forward to the Note 8 though (4K screen for VR is going to be a much needed upgrade). Taylor Vaughn I freelance online, performing basic jobs which simply requires from you a laptop or computer as well as internet accessibility and it is a life-saver for me personally... After 6 months on this job opportunity and i gained so far total of 36,000 dollars... Basicly i make about eighty bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hour most of the days.And marvelous thing about this job is that you can easily manage time while you work and for how long as you like and you get paid weekly >> http://v15.uk/xbRHM MJ I agree 4K is much needed for VR but I would question 4K or VR on a phone. LOL Toss3 Why? Works much better on phones as they aren't tethered to anything. Personally only use it for watching movies on planes or in bed when the gf is sleeping. MJ That is your only use cases? It's more useless than I thought. I watch movies on my big screen TV on my sweet couch when the GF is sleeping. No heavy BDSM head gear needed. Toss3 Pretty much. Never liked watching movies on a TV as TVs are always really small (unless you buy one of those 40k ones that are 100"<). I had a projector (with a 120" screen), but I sold it when I moved to another country, and because I don't watch TV that often a "big-screen" TV just doesn't feel that useful. I also like being thoroughly engrossed in the movies I watch without any distractions and only the Gear VR has offered me anything like that thus far. It's also the first private movie-theater that you can take with you wherever you go. The low resolution is the only thing that could be improved (and the straps of course). MJ Sure if it works for you but I don't like things strapped to my head and face. It must be a pain to unstrap when need a drink, snack, or take a piss. Toss3 You either lift the device (similar to ski goggles or snorkel) or you use the built-in pass-through mode. And there's really no need to unstrap anything when going for a piss. MJ I didn't mean literally unstrap but none of that sounds convenient or practical at all. LOL It must be me... MJ Samsung has made a product I would almost consider buying by cleaning up the UX, going with on-screen buttons, better aspect ratio, and minimizing the edge gimmick (next just get rid of it) while keeping the headphone jack and wireless charging BUT... The placement of the fingerprint is just horrible. David, you went on how Samsung pays attention to the details but they just randomly place the fingerprint reader? OK... They still make me wary of getting timely OS updates. Android 7.0? Really? I like to see if they follow up on their promise of monthly security updates on their unlocked phones. Cristian-Teodor TATOIU My S7 Edge, unlocked, Romania, received Nougat but still on freaking January security update! How bout dat? MJ That sucks but didn't they just make that promise a couple of weeks ago? Cristian-Teodor TATOIU They made that promise months ago but with the new top dog in tow... They'll make good on S8, no doubt, for the first 6-7 months. Then, they'll have the S9 to keep them busy. And so on, and so on... Really, really, really want/need timely security updates? Pixel or whatever Google brings out is the way to go. Not freaking out cause of some security vulnerabilities going unpatched for months? Samsung is an option then... They'll update, sooner or... Jordan L my friend, who is kind of paranoid about security, loves the Galaxy series of phones(probably because they look great). From a data security prospective; do you think Pixel or Galaxy is "more secure". He's worried less about hacks on old versions of the OS, he's worried about his cloud data. I vote for Pixel because you are only logging in with your Google account, and not also logging into your phone with a "Samsung" account. to use features. yes, Google tracks everything you do, but they are a US based company. Samsung is not, ... just a thought. I would THINK he would HATE the fact that he logs into his phone with Samsung account too. (you do have to use a Samsung account to fully use a Galaxy phone, right?) Justin You don't have to log in to Samsung's account to use the phone, but you lose out on things like Samsung Pay if you don't. EcE You don't need a Samsung account unless you want Samsung Pay, themes ( and their crapstore) or VR. Even then, they are two different accounts and AFAIK you don't need to share any private information to the Samsung account unless you use Samsung Pay. Vivek Rameses A non us company is much safer and private. Muh americans love garbage made in the US. dabug91 The Pixel would be the superior choice, as they will get monthly security updates through October 2019 at least. Max Johnson Battery size is concerning, but maybe that's something to do with precaution with the fire issue. Lawrence Fail!: It is way too tall, fingerprint sensor on the back, small battery, new bixie assistant with dedicated button, same old camera. Win. 64gb storage, looks cool. Biga173rd So what's a win in your book that can compare to this new phone? Zsolt V The same phone with a fruity fruit logo Biga173rd Ehhhh lno lol Lawrence Thanks for asking : the S7 and S7 edge... Better battery/size ratio same camera, same ram. Front fingerprint, and they can be hold by humans. Biga173rd Good point I personally will wait for the Note 8. Toss3 Agreed on the fingerprint sensor, but it does have face-unlock which should be a useful alternative (it is on Win 10 devices). I seriously don't understand why these companies are forcing AI assistans on us? Do people really use them? AI is useful, but not for phones. Camera is already good enough; use pro mode and it's amazing. Really can't expect better in a phone right now unless you start increasing the sensor size. EcE " this looks good on the Midnight Black version of the phone, which features a shiny black mid-frame to match" Glad to see the black phone is black on the sides, that chrome version looks horrible. Marcel Mayer hä? the device will show on 5pm? why you publish the article? PhillipeFelut so, whats the actual resolution of the display itself? DeathWolfGaming They are set to 1080p to save battery life. PhillipeFelut 2960x1440 is the number i was looking for. Jesse Lee Samsung is really receptive to their markets; a completely opposite direction from years past and from that being employed by Google Inc. The results are phones that continue to get better and better and more practical. Looks great! Timbets Linux 4.4 kernel Ishimaru I'm surprised. Even Google is still on 3.x. ProductFRED I'm not jumping to sell my S7 Edge Exynos just yet. Gotmilo waiting for the note 8 JD It's a damn solid phone. I wouldn't jump unless I pooped money and was having a bad case of the runs. Winston I'm upgrading from my flat S7 to the small S8. Why? Battery has deteriorated, and Samsung usually does really lucrative trade in deals with older phones, of which I still have an S4. John New smartphone releases are beginning to be as exciting as new dishwasher releases. That's a good thing as it means we can hold on to our phones for longer, smaller manufacturers can catch up to the big boys, and there will be more price competition rather than feature competition. Samsung seems to realize this which is why they're making a big push to differentiate on software. We would benefit from more alternatives to Google's software. I'm just skeptical that Samsung is capable. BC Um, why no images of the Dialer App's interface? It's something that I always want to know but never can readily find. David Ruddock Because I had an hour with the phones total and that wasn't really on my priority list. Sorry. BC It's cool, I'm just a weirdo that likes to know what all the interfaces I'll be interacting with regularly look within OEM apps. Cakefish Just look up the S7 Nougat update UI. I am pretty sure it'll be very similar to that, the rest of the S8's UI is. BC Not good enough for me, though I'll likely preorder the device...I'll be able to see it firsthand this way. Cakefish Check out the bajillion youtube hands-on videos, I'm sure one of them has what you're looking for :) BC I can only hope, though I have a feeling nobody will even care about the Dialer App. Cakefish Found one for ya! Look at 2:12 in the video: https://youtu.be/sZvp4L52QzQ BC Thank you! I had begun the scanning of videos to catch a hint of that app interface. Phone_Addiction Time to ditch my ip7 plus for the gs8+ brararsh Thinking of same. Adil Tajgeer i'm in the same boat but with the regular S8, it seems to be a great blend of big screen in a small package. but will just keep my iphone around. I NEED ALL THE SHINY THINGS. Biga173rd Wow!! that is one gorgeous phone. The build quality is incredible damn Sammy knocked it out of the park. And that metal frame... Nuno G. "You can either have them in Samsung (read: wrong)" Although it's not the standard order for Android, for me it's the natural order, specially for right handed persons!!! When I hold the phone, I hold normally with my right hand, so my thumb finger is the finger that is most near the screen on the right side of it. so it's normal for me to have the back button cause that's the one that I use more.. Miku is Best Vocaloid "Right handed persons" all have different preferences, I am right handed and I use the back button on the left. Middlefinger Im a lefty and Samsungs is still the better positioning. Google just have it wrong but the fanbois on here would never disagree with their Google god. JD Gotta say it wasn't until the S7e that I started to look at Samsung and that Samsung actually got me excited about Android Hardware again. I used to be a Nexus Diehard and when Google and other OEMs just all made glass rectangles, some with really bad software decisions I just gave up. But the S7e was something interesting. The S8 is a really lovely piece of Industrial engineering, like what the OG iPhone and iPhone 4 did to the industry when everyone was doing more of the same. jonzey231 I love that they continue to include wireless charging. iKon It's not even wireless... False advertising more like. jonzey231 Kay. Sharky I've been on Nexus for 5 years but I'm going to give this a go. The bezel-less screen makes it look like something genuinely new, I really wish the Pixel had looked this. I'm still skeptical about Samsung's UI skin but the move to virtual (& customizable!) buttons alleviates that a bit. Hopefully this will encourage Google to step up their efforts with the next Pixel, but it's going to take a big jump from last year's model to get me back. Jay The skin has not been a concern since s7. The whole look can be altered with one click via the theme store. I use one that makes it either look like native android or a jet black theme, that's so enjoyable on these amoled screens. Daniel Tiberius I'm looking forward to playing around with those themes. Middlefinger *S6. Sharky Admittedly the skin does looks quite nice now, I certainly hope I'm converted now I've shelled out $850 on this thing. Kevin Chaos I'm using the S7 and I really want the S8... but I'm going to force myself to wait and at least see what Apple has to offer with their next iPhone. That or Google needs to fix the Android messaging clusterfuck they've created. I've been using Android phones since the Nexus One but iPhones have come a long way and iMessage is starting to look really good. Toss3 Not sure why anyone with an S7/S7E would feel the urge to upgrade. Why not use something like Telegram, Whatsapp, etc. instead of SMS? Kevin Chaos I have a problem with wanting new toys constantly, haha. I think I've gotten a new phone every 6 months. Almost everyone I know uses SMS here. I am also using Google Voice myself. I just don't have enough friends who use those apps. At least that's my case in the United States. Toss3 I used to be like that, but now that Android has matured and caught up with the iPhone in terms of smoothness, I really don't feel the urge to upgrade as often as I used to. Only thing I want right now is an HDR 4K screen for the Note 8 and I'll be happy. Adil Tajgeer iMessage has kept my pixel and OP3 in a drawer for most of their time with me. but the S8 is so pretty i will probably bite the bullet and face the shame of the green bubble. fijisiv Why is the screen curved? Because it's pretty... Why is the aluminum frame now polished? Because it's pretty... Why aren't the batteries any bigger? Because thin phones are pretty... While most AP readers probably do a LOT of research before buying a phone, I'd wager a huge majority of phone purchases are done by people who walk into the store and say "oh that one looks pretty." Toss3 Thankfully we still have the Note-series that should cater to a different audience (hopefully). Adnoxaei It's beautiful, but I'll be skipping it it :/ The fingerprint scanned is just in a terrible spot for my normal usage. I hope one of those scanner techs that can go through the screen can get implimented in the next couple generations. Winston It was reportedly very close to being in the S8, but they couldn't quite get something good enough for it to be signed off. So, Note 8? Adnoxaei The note line got the iris scanner, so it is possible. I already think the S8 is a bit big (really, just too tall), so maybe it can be in the S9 and I'll get it then. At least my bank account will be happuer this year haha. Rann Xeroxx Once you use a scanner on the back of the phone, it actually turns out to be better as that is where your fingers typically are when holding the device. The only problem I can see is if you have it on a table or something and want to use the scanner. (I never do this as I rarely will leave my phone on a table). Miguel Fernandes How can it be better with that limitation? Jan Ibrahim Because in most circumstances for a lot of people , you unlock as you remove from your pocket. This is a lot easier with it on the back. Furthermore, it also means you can achieve a nice clean look on the front of the phone. But no solution is perfect, because the downside is desk use. But i find on the odd occasion I'm using my phone on my desk then pattern lock is fine. But I'd rather have on the back with that limitation than the other way around. Look how ugly the fingerprint scanners look on the front of some of the HTC and oneplus phones for example. John My problem with the S8 is not that the scanner is on the back, which is fine, but that it's all the way up next to the camera. Below the camera would have made more sense. iKon It's only good on the back, if it's in the middle like Huawei devices. Samsung has the worst position out of everyone. My name is…. Google needs to take lessons on how to make pretty phones. Who's gonna prefer a pixel to this? Crazy fanboys only. saf1927 People who actually want a phone. No flat display, no good. My name is…. Pixel was a joke of a phone, i cant believe that Google gave that thing iphone price, so ridiculous. Im sure S8 will be better in every aspect. asian_slaw if you are solely hating on the phone because of the price, you definitely dont understand or have experienced the pixel to it's full potential My name is…. I had a pixel on my hands. i also was an owner of all Nexus phones (after Nexus 4) I would never buy a pixel. There are better phones out there that are better. saf1927 Yes, after coming out half a year later, it doesn't take that much to get a better phone out. By the way, the iPhone 7 will still outperform the S8. it’s me tim-cock. Dude calm your tits. This phone puts the garbage looking iphone and pixel to shame. Your move crapple. saf1927 Come again when Samsung actually puts out a phone that is better than an iPhone in all aspects. A high-res display is nothing to flash your ass out for. Lars Jeppesen Yeah, much better display, more ram, better waterproofness, more freedom (default app anyone? ), wireless charging, fast charging, iris scanner, much higher screen-to-phone ratio, SD card support, bluetooth 5, wifi direct, VR, better assistant (Google Assistant/Bixby),, OH YEAH_, the iPhone sure is better... /s saf1927 >much better display Doesn't make a difference since the iPhone has one of the best and most accurate displays in the market. > more ram Well, with the bloat you get from it, I think it's a plus that it has the RAM to cope with it. >better waterproofness Not a deal-breaker >more freedom Nothing to do with Samsung, it's general Android feature. > fast charging / wireless charging I'll give you the first, the second is a gimmick and not really "wireless". >iris scanner A gimmick you can live without > SD card support Not needed since you can't install apps on it. > bluetooth 5 Nice, but the phone is coming out in 2017, least they could do. > better assistant Google Assistant, yes. Bixby is yet to prove itself. Now, when Samsung and Qualcomm can match the A10 performance, let's talk. Rann Xeroxx Why on Earth would you pay the absurd price for the Pixel compared to a phone like this? Heck, the Pixel is ugly to boot. And purely from an enterprise standpoint, it has real problems with MDM and ActiveSync configurations to where Samsung goes out of their way to make sure it works perfectly on corporate solutions. saf1927 I actually have an iPhone 7 too, which of course is better than anything Samsung puts out. Looks are subjective. I hate edge displays, so this phone is as ugly as it gets. someone755 Agreed, keep it flat so I can put a normal screen protector on it. JohnyNoLegs Can't even do that on the pixel. These days are over someone755 Then I simply won't buy a phone like that, and I advise anyone that sympathizes with my hate of curved screens to do the same. Vote with your wallet. New_Guy Somebody just dropped some world-class knowledge. Kudos Felix ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ "the Pixel is ugly" - ever heard looks are subjective? I really like the design of the Google Pixel. More than the edge display on the Galaxy phones. h4rr4r Good you can fix the keys! Can you change the settings menu to be normal? Winston Nope, from my time with the S7. And I imagine that will soon be the new normal. Android O DP already has a similar design. So it will soon become normal. h4rr4r Please google, stop moving shit around for the sake of moving shit around. Winston You are the one moving shit around. I don't know what the hell the incentive is for lying, but I have a Galaxy S7. I have a Fast Charger. I have tried both turning the fast charger off in software, AND using a different cable. They both kept my phone cool while charging when using it, and with fast charging on it would heat up. h4rr4r I did not decide to move the buttons around at random or change the settings to some touchwiz crap. I have no idea what you are talking about with the charger. I said nothing about fast chargers. Of course fast chargers make the phone hotter. How do you think this all works? Winston It's not "considerable battery gains". They're actually fairly small: within 10-15 mins SOT in my experience. Samsung itself said, moving from the 5.7 1080p of the Note 3 to the 1440p of the 4, that the power usage delta was 3.5%. That's in hardware. Imagine how little the change is in software. lsh99 The build and design of this phone is exactly what I've been waiting for: premium finishes with a huge screen-to-body ratio. That said, I'm waiting for the Note 8. Cristian-Teodor TATOIU Pricing, for Europe - 799EUR for S8, 899EUR for S8+. These should translate 1:1 to USD + taxes, for US. Of course, unlocked. Turb0wned The question is, if I ordered the US unlocked version from Best Buy, will Samsung screw me out of updates like they did with the unlocked S7E? Trysta After a major Samsung phone reveal, I usually spend the first couple days trying to rationalize how I could buy it even though touchwiz scares me, because the hardware is just so lust-worthy. But this time...not so much. It looks very fancy obviously, and I love the increased screen to body ratio (hopefully all other OEMs....*cough* Google *cough* are paying attention!). But I thought the Note 7, with the extra subtle curves was really the maximum amount of screen curve I was willing to deal with. The curve of the S8/S8+ seems to be going back towards obnoxious taking over 20% of the screen with glare again. Wish they had kept the curved edges the way they were on the Note 7. Batteries are too small, although I understand why they wanted to be careful this year. After my Nexus 6p disappointment, battery life is basically my number one feature for my next phone. And the fingerprint sensor placement is just awful, for seemingly no other reason than to be different from everyone else who has a back fingerprint sensor. I don't want to use iris scanning or face detection. Fingerprint sensors work really well for turning on my phone quickly. This is a major feature of all current flagships. Why did they think this was something that was ok to experiment with/mess up? But in the end, just like every year, I was never going to buy this phone anyway. I hope that it is a great phone for Samsung fans (I'm sure it will be). Shame-sung C.E.O Absolutely horrible looking phone.that it lacks innovation and nothing but gimmicky features. Dominic D ok it’s me tim-cock. As if anyone expect anything diffraction from you. Shame-sung C.E.O Why would anyone expect anything positive from a CORRUPT, thief company? Middlefinger Doesnt do thieving Apple or LG much harm though, or HTC with their new iPhone rip-offs. Shame-sung C.E.O You are mistaken the Corrupt Swinesung Machine that has been sued by. Apple,Dyson,BlackBerry,Microsoft,LG,TSMC And countless other manufactures for stealing. Hmm you sound like those Swinesung guys that were getting paid to Shill and got caught. You can only wish that Apple and LG and anyone else was as horrible as corrupt company as Swinesung. But unlike you i stand by Facts, go ahead and get upset. Not going to change history. : ) Middlefinger Selectively sued in countries with crap IP laws where you can patent anything vague and sue for it even if you never actually made the thing yourself. They failed to sue in countries with reasonable laws. Samsung also counter sued and won, so whatever... Shame-sung C.E.O That's a beautiful excuse. But not a good one. Funny how Swinesung has lost multiple times and agrees to settle after it has uses stolen designs and software and technology. Swingeing has lost all across the world from its home country to the the US. This is the problem with the fanboy mentality. They make poor excuses but everything is online. Swinesung has convicted 2 times of corruption in south korea alone. From Racketeering, Tax Evasion. Fraud and Embezzlement and countless other charges. Also they have the highest return in TV's in the industry with defects. Heck in the S7 and S6,5,4 have all suffered from low quality screens and having image retention issues (again all the information is online if you search) to burn in issues and lets not forget the exploding issues because they choose quantity over quality. Shamesung will always be just that. A low quality company who cares about numbers then quality. Middlefinger You're just a troll, yuor username proves that all by itself. Most of the thing Samsung have been sued for related directly to Android itself, so is Googles fault if anything, not anything they have done. You know this but just troll this site because you are a child with nothing better to do. Dont bother replying, your blocked as of now. Shame-sung C.E.O AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH Facts hurt and hurt so dam much . Man how pathetic. Jay Not sure how your kind of comments continue to survive on this site. Shame-sung C.E.O Because people are entitled to facts and opinions. Just because Swinesung is a horrible corrupt company does not mean bling ignorance does not exist. I mean i like Android and think its amazing and useful, And i feel the same way about Apple , Microsoft LG ect. But Swinesung... Naw i draw the line on the most corrupt company in the tech industry by Parsec's. Dominic D I just wish Samsung would update all their devices at the same time like Apple. Okay, maybe not all... but definitely their S series of devices. It's holding me back from purchasing a Samsung phone again. My AT&T S6 Edge was beautiful but didn't receive Marshmallow for a year. It was nearly unusable on Lollipop with barely an hour and a half of screen-on time. I love my 6P and I'm soon looking to upgrade, but I'm nervous about purchasing another Samsung device. Berkay Wait for the pixel 2 Ilya Kushnir Linux Kernel 4.4.16. This happened! Maha Rashtrian TAKE MY MONEY NOW! How much does it cost though? Mix If Samsung made a phone with stock Android, that had Google's updates I would be in love. My Pixel is nice but Samsung phones just feel nicer. JSo Remember Google Play Edition devices? Those were the days. Mix I do not! My first was Android was a Nexus 4 and I came from a BB Bold! Nexus 4, Nexus 5, Galaxy S6, Pixel Xl, Pixel Xl, Pixel Xl....(I am on my third Pixel, lol) JSo Well other OEMs used to make versions of there devices with stock android on it and they were sold in the Play Store. The Galaxy S4 was one of them. Jaime May I ask why? Were your phones faulty? Mix Mic died on the 1st Pixel and the 2nd one bricked and both were RMA'd through the play store for brand new devices. someone755 "The Pixel is totally worth it, it's a great investment." You alone are proof of the contrary. Mix Just pop on over to GooglePixel on Reddit. Some people are on their 5th phone...when it works it works but my experience? This is the worst Android phone I have ever owned! My 3rd one has been great though so fingers crossed I am done RMA'ing it. someone755 Exactly. There are so many apologists out there of this phone that keep saying that the phone is worth its price, that other phones are just as flawed etc. Meanwhile there are hundreds if not thousands of customers like you. VAVAMk_2 Why? Mix Mic died on the 1st Pixel and the 2nd one bricked and both were RMA'd through the play store for brand new devices. Support has been great but my phone experience has been terrible. 2kool4skool Agreed, google gets their software right but their hardware could use a lot of improvement. JohnyNoLegs Yea like messenger, allo, duo, hangouts. And pixel now has apps you can't uninstall. Google will be the next Samsung! 2kool4skool Well, should I say partly right, then? JohnyNoLegs Let's just say Samsung does it better than google recently, and that's saying something. Btw I'm on pixel xl coming from note 7. iKon Any phone looks better than the Pixels because #Bezels Bojan Radovanović well, that is true, but it's not a picture to stand in front of it and admire how it looks... Ra1nb0wD4sh DE On my pictures the bezels (aka frames) are mostly wanted though... Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ If Samsung made the phone with stock Android, nobody except a bunch of geeks would buy it. Consumers want the features Samsung adds to Android. Mix Would the average user and purchaser of Samsung phones even know they had stock Android device? Probably not. Samsung makes mach better hardware but their updates and support after the sale freaking suck. Took something like 8 months for my SG6 phone to get an update since Google gives it to Samsung to add shit, then Telus gets to add shit, then I get it. That type of update system is pure trash. theProffer It's the same group of people that can't tell the difference between the new iPhones. You know, the ones Jimmy Kimmel makes fun of once a year. Middlefinger Samsung have to fix Googles mess first, because lets face it, Stock android is a buggy unreliable mess. You cant blame the OEMs for wanting to wait until the software is viable before they risk putting it on their customers devices. Google doesn't care, that's why the Nexus didnt sell well, and the pixel has needed fix after fix after fix. whispy_snippet No. Middlefinger Yes, but Google shills dont like to hear it. whispy_snippet Still no! Middlefinger Denial is pretty powerful. Jay Nothing in the pixel has been so broken, that's its stopped from being a consistent daily driver with over 6.5 hours SOT and over a day of standby. Issues have been present yes, but so have been with any phone. My iPhone 7+ ended up getting replaced twice... once because the damn camera unit entirely died 2 days later and secondly when the screen stopped responding. Then iOS 10.2 decided to suffer from Wi-Fi issues and all sorts of weird documented bugs. Nothing is ever 'PERFECT' However since that does not fit your narrative, it's not a thing. Middlefinger Most pixe issues are software/driver related, and thats always been the way with Google devices, although the Nexus range also had terrible build quality as well. At least the Pixel is better on that front. The problem is stock android, which is why the OEMs need to modify it to be production worthy. Im sure you will make excuses, but thats the reality. LineOS for exynos! What Better quality? The besel king! This and the iPhone Middlefinger Like it or not the Pixel is a step up over the likes of the N5, which was terrible. There was a reason the older Nexus devices were cheap, and it had nothing to do with Google 'subsidising' them. whispy_snippet Well, no. Every average Joe consumer would buy it PLUS a heap of stock Android nerds. Average consumers don't have a freakin clue what TouchWiz or stock Android even are. Who gives a shit anyway. It's never going to happen. Middlefinger Oh god no. Bargain basement software that isnt reliable isnt what people want. Im sure even a stock S8 would have less issues than the trouble prone Nexus and Pixel phones, but even so, it would be commercial suicide for Samsung to rely on an unfiltered Google experience. someone755 It would net them a few thousand customers though. I know I'd be switching to a Samsung if they only made some AOSP-style software possible. Middlefinger Apple could probably sell more iPhones if they had an Android version, but it still doesnt mean it will happen. It would cheapen the Samsung brand to launch an AOSP version, and the only people that would care could just run a custom ROM anyway. someone755 Agreed on all but that last part -- That's why I'm not already a Samsung customer, as they make great efforts to prevent people from running custom ROMs. Middlefinger and yet suck ROM exist, so.. xyz It was called a Galaxy Nexus. JohnyNoLegs I prefer Samsung software. My pixel xl is barron, has nothing in comparison. Can't wait to sell and get the s8 gacl The Pure Google experience of Nexus + Pixel is nice, but Samsung hardware is nicer. A Google Play Edition Samsung would be better, but it's not that big a deal. TouchWiz is nice too. Cakefish The fact that I'm currently unemplyed will prevent me from giving in to my uncontrollable urges to always have the latest tech. S8 looks great. Switchable nav keys, 10nm processors, batteries that lose significantly less of their capacity over time. narrower dimensions for one-handed use, 64GB storage, and a Samsung equivalent to Google's HDR+ camera processing are my personal highlights. Cakefish P.S. for UK users you can get it on the 19th April if you preorder (8 days early). Also, UK pricing: S8 = £689.00, S8+ = £779.00 Middlefinger Yeah but will be cheap enough on contract which is how most people buy phones. Cakefish But I prefer to buy unlocked :( Lars Jeppesen Blame Brexit for that.. the phones are the same prices as the S7 for me here in Denmark Cakefish I do blame Brexit :( ddevito Nice phone, but no thanks. Perfectly comfy with my OP3. Then again I've never owned a Samsuck and never will james fuston jeeeesus the price point. S8 is anywhere from 720-750 and the S8+ is 850? We are getting dangerously close to breaking the 1K mark with standard configurations for phones. I can't justify paying twice the street price of an S7/S7E for one of these. This will be a hard pass for me. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ The LG G6 is $750 and the Pixel XL is $869, and those two phones look pitiful compared to the S8 and S8 Plus. What are you complaining about? Cakefish 21% (S8 vs S7) and 22% (S8+ vs S7 edge) price rises for UK (thanks Brexit) hkklife Pixel XL is the biggest rip-off on the market that's not made by Apple. Google was redefining the $/performance ratio back in 2012 and 2013 with the Nexus 4/5 and Nexus 7s. And then they got greedy and cozied back up to the carriers and went sky-high with their pricing. I'd love to see the BoM for HTC and Google on the Pixels. Gotta give Samsung credit for not jettisoning important features while truly redefining what a rectangular slab handset should be. I still think that the S8 line is one step from greatness---an unlocked model updated in a timely fashion with a 6/128GB RAM/storage variant for all markets and a 500mAh battery boost would make it a world-beater. David Williams I agree. The price point should not be surprising to anyone. james fuston The Pixel XL is $779. Not sure where you're pulling that extra $100 from. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ The 128 GB model is $869. There is no 64GB model. Regardless, the price differences aren't very big either way, and the Pixel XL doesn't hold a candle to the S8 Plus in terms of form OR function. james fuston Yeah, you're either entirely missing or intentionally glossing over the "standard configuration" part. Either way, I can tell you're all aboard the hype train for new technology by the amount of hyperbole you're spouting. Not sure why you felt like chiming in on my comment about the cost/value of the S8 vs the S7, but I think we're done here. Diego Kaku Why no one talks about the stupid position of the fingerprint scanner? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I hate the location of the fingerprint scanner on the S8/Plus. Absolutely despise it. But the rest of the phone is f'in amazing. And it's possible I'd end up using iris or facial recognition anyway. I'm not buying one, but that's only because I'm waiting for the Note 8. Fresh360 Well that was depressing, has all of those leaks left us jaded? What if there were no leaks and only whispers and then we saw a nearly bezel-less phone with a massive screen in a small body? I really think this preview would have had a very different tone. Suresh Aryal Nothing about speakers yet. GSMArena says it has stereo speakers. invinciblegod OH GOD MY OCD!! Those ports are not centered!!!!!!! Groud Frank Samsung Mobile is maturing as a tech company. It's no longer "Let's just copy Apple and cram features into our phones to compete with the iPhone." From Samsung Pass to Samsung Pay to Bixby to DeX, this is a beautiful phone with useful features. I can actually see this phone making my life easier, especially in the password management department. Less navigating, less touching, a focus on user experience and practicality - well done Samsung. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I think Samsung is going to break sales records with these phones. Max Gromada Well, they just "copied" those features: - google's HDR+, - the next iphone's screen proportions; - apple pay, - modern ai voice assistant (they've bought the company that had made the Siri), - apple's augmented reality tech - Nokia's / MS iris scanner. They're welcome to implement a feature-rich phone, but those innovations did not come from Samsung. Tech Writer -Combining multiple photos into one has been a thing much before google did it. Does anyone remember OPPO's 50MP super hi-def mode? Plus I'm sure the implementation is different than Pixel's HDR+. For example, this one works without HDR, and with HDR too. -Next iPhone's screen proportions? Dude, are you kidding me. Samsung is the one who is going to provide those screens to Apple. Plus, this phone is probably in development much before the iPhone. -Apple pay: No. Samsung pay uses MST, not NFC. It's a unique patented tech by looppay, which Samsung acquired. Apple can't even use it and hence Apple pay can't operate in legacy terminals. -modern ai voice assistant: Bixby is not a voice assistant. The phone has google assistant for that. Bixby is more of helper and tells you what is around you. It isn't meant to tell you a joke or search things, you have assistant for that. -apple's augmented reality tech: I really don't know what you are talking about. -Iris scanner: I'll give you that. Most of these are Samsung's own innovations, or acquisitions which are patented. Max Gromada Tech Writer, man, combining multiple photos into one has been a thing since the invention of photography ) It's just Google that made it ideal for the phones - combining multiple pics of several milliseconds of exposure into one is a brilliant idea, it greatly expands the dynamic range of small sensors, and i think every manufacturer should just copy that tecnique. Doesn't matter if they call it "hdr" or not. It improves dr, that's all we need. No, i'm not kidding - some time ago, Apple approached Koreans with the question if they could supply the screens of some specs - and voila - while Apple is still playing with the idea, figuring out if the screen should be curved or not, and how the f.. are they going to install the fingerprint scanner right into the screen... the Koreans just rolled out the phones of very similar screen proportions. I don't think this is just a coincidence. Call it a controversial bull..it ) The idea behind Apple pay was simply to pay by phone conveniently. Dunno, maybe Samsung's tech is better, but they were following Apple. I think augmented reality features are the next big thing for smartphones. Project Tango did not start well, but apple is working on it, samsung is working on it - NOT a coincidence. I don't argue with the point that Samsung is a great tech company. The point of my comment was that Samsung is still some way into "Let's copy Apple and cram features into our phones to compete with the iPhone." They definitely are set into direct competition with iphone, and at this moment, from my point of view, there are no features that apple would like to copy from samsung to compete with it. Middlefinger Quite a bit of salt in this article. Samsungs nav buttons are not in the 'wrong' order, Googles are. Argue all you like but the fact remains its subjective and not objective. Im glad Samsung doesnt use Googles staid UX. and you cant complain about Samsung not being as innovative in the software as they are in the hardware and simultaneously get snarky about them not using Googles way of doing things. Google hasnt innovated a damn thing since ICS so if they did make a stock S8 it would be worse, based on your own claim. dabug91 Actually, you're wrong. When you use just about any web browser on the planet, where is the back button located? Top Left. Same for when you use just about any file explorer: Top Left. Same for when you use iOS devices, where do they generally place the back button? Top Left. It makes perfect sense for the back button to be on the left side of the device, because that IS the ergonomically and aesthetically superior place for it. You're wrong, get over yourself. Middlefinger Use with a mouse is different than touch use, and 2 handed touch use is different than one. You are comparing completely different UI element, so your point is invalid. dabug91 Actually, people's thumbs can very easily reach the bottom left hand side of their device, so your distraction about UI's is invalid and you're still wrong. Kys. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I hold my phone in my left hand, and use it with my right hand. The position of the back button makes no difference to me, but I like it on the right. It's not an objective thing. Give up trying to make it so. Middlefinger Right is still better for the most often used function. Given the option most people I know have that set up. Google cant be trusted to know whats best in a UI. This is the company that gave us material design, an admittedly pretty interface that gives you hardly any information per page. Its cumbersome, and this is proven by the fact that they cant even keep it consistent in their own apps, because it just doesnt work properly. Max Gromada Regarding 2-handed touch use, find the "Esc" key on your keyboard ) But, imho, when you're doing it all with your thumb, it does not matter what side the "back" key is placed. I was comfortable with the both layouts. AbbyZFresh I'm sure that this new phone will be a hot commodity likurges I was about to make a joke about the bezzels but there are none.. unlike on the pixel where I have parked my airplane, built a house and a f1 track with some space left. SAM While improvements are welcomed, battery and camera didn't get much attention this year. Lets hope after everything other is taken care of this year, battery and camera will be next. I have a feeling that with what google achieved in pixel's camera, next iPhone(maybe) and pixel 2 will blow the shit out of competition. Max Gromada Actually, the camera is improverd in S8: there is a multi-exposure mode, aka pixel's HDR+, a very welcome feature. SAM I really wish this is the case. They didn't talk much about camera in live stream. Ace Time to buy gs7 _jsw_ Is that the new Gear 360 I see in the background? It's in the image of the S8+ on the stand. Max Gromada Yes, they've introduced the new Gear 360 someone755 That's all great and all, but these prices are getting ridiculous. r0xp0x Too bad even the regular sized one is a tad bit too big for me, and I don't like having a fingerprint scanner on the back of the phone, but it sure is gorgeous. whispy_snippet The headline feature is a big, bezzeless display. Meh. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yeah, never mind the 835, the two types of wireless charging, the Samsung Pay, the HDR screen, the... oh, never mind. You wouldn't care, anyway. whispy_snippet No. I don't. They're just iterations on stuff Samsung always offers. They bring very little to the table that wasn't already there. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Then buy a Pixel. You'll love its football field sized bezels, and the wonderful halos in its pictures. Yeah, I keep hearing that halos are rare. Another site just published a comparison of 22 pictures between the LG G6 and the Pixel. 4 of the 22 Pixel pictures had halos. None of the G6 pictures had halos. So it's not so rare, unless you think 18% of photos is rare. whispy_snippet I have a Pixel. I've experienced the halo effect maybe twice ever. I barely see it because you don't generally shoot straight into strong light sources because it results in crappy shots with any camera. The most important thing for me is user experience. What's the device like to use and own on a daily basis? The Pixel is exceptional in this metric. Great software, great ergonomics, great camera, regular updates, excellent performance. The S8 looks really beautiful, but I see UX compromises everywhere. The off centre, rear mounted fingerprint scanner next to the camera; the glass back; the curved edge display; two voice assistants (yes, they don't fully overlap but Samsung's end goal will be to bump Google Assistant). The S8 is just another new phone. Semianonymous Having voice control over the camera can actually be pretty useful. I have the speak to capture feature enabled on my S7 and it's enabled me to capture some tricky shots that might not have turned out as nicely if I had moved my hand to take the shot. If it's intelligent enough to do stuff like recognize the target and focus/zoom etc, then that could be potentially be really cool. Renan I'd wish Samsung would made a flat version of this... I find the Edge... edges useless. mchalakov Dear Samsung, Just because you think that a curved screen is really cool(it is but just for a presentation) doesn't mean that everybody will like it. Also who the fuck decided it's a good idea to put the fingerprint reader there? Best wishes and less explosions, Yours (some) part of the Internet PVL_93_RU To think that if Samsung didn't keep the archaic home and capacitive buttons for as long as they did - many more of their devices could look just as beautiful as S8 Teja The best thing I like about S8 is that they have made it without compromising on any of the features from their last generation despite having a big change in design. *cough* Headphone Jack *cough* Stadi I don't like the polished frame. Shiny metal has been out of fashion for some time. gacl I'm disappointed the S8 has no s-pen stylus support. It seems like Samsung deliberately withheld that to justify a separate Note8, but the Note line is basically the same as the Galaxy line. The S8+ is already a phablet. Just merge the two. Or at least let Galaxy users get s-pen support even if the device doesn't hold the pen internally. Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 214 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 90 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Strikethrough Text] WhatsApp Adds Quick Reply From The Notification, Multiple Contact Selection, Solid Wallpaper Colors, And Finally Dumps A Gingerbread Remnant 2016/03/30 1:00am PDTMar 30, 2016 71 2 Years Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Latest Gmail Update Brings Unified Inbox, Conversation View For Non-Gmail Accounts, Better Search, And More 2015/03/30 1:30pm PDTMar 30, 2015 15 3 Years Ago Today Music Boss For Pebble Can Now Control Playback And Volume On Chromecast Content From Your Smartwatch 2014/03/30 12:47pm PDTMar 30, 2014 42 4 Years Ago Today The Ultimate List Of Easter App And Game Sales On The Play Store [Continuously Updated] 2013/03/30 12:31pm PDTMar 30, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Google Launches Translator Toolkit, Makes It Easier To Bridge The Language Gap In Your Apps 2012/03/30 11:37pm PDTMar 30, 2012 18 6 Years Ago Today N64oid, Nintendo 64 Emulator For Android, Was Not Taken Down - It's On Hiatus Pending Performance Improvements 2011/03/30 11:39pm PDTMar 30, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Updated: Verizon Finally Starts Upgrading All Motorola Droid Users to Android 2.1 Today, Pinky Swears This Time 2010/03/30 8:10pm PDTMar 30, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 48 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 65 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 110 queries | 0.411s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google Maps and Search can be used to reserve and pay for fitness classes Newsby John Callaham1 hour ago Even though spring has just started, many people are already looking forward to summer so they can hit the beach. However, you may want to put some work in that beach body beforehand. This week, Google announced a new service in the US that will allow people to reserve and pay for fitness classes via Google Maps and Google Search. See also: Best Android fitness apps and workout apps January 17, 2017 The Google Maps support for this new feature is restricted to the desktop, but it’s available for Google Search on both desktop and mobile. All you have to do is search for the fitness studio you want to attend and then click “Reserve with Google”. You can check out the studio’s current class schedule, reserve your specific day and time, and pay in advance. You can also do the same thing by going to the Reserve with Google website, and it will offer additional options such as recommendations for new classes, special discount offer when available and more. It even lets users buy class packages or full memberships. The number of providers that support these features include  MINDBODY, MyTime, Genbook, Full Slate, Front Desk, Appointy, and more. Again this new feature is just for US residents, and there’s no word if Google plans to expand its online fitness classes service to other parts of the world. News Google, Google Maps Google, Google Maps  Google John Callaham John was a newspaper reporter before becoming a technology and video/PC gaming writer in 2000. He lives in Greer, SC with his wife and five cats. Leave a comment The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 5 days ago60 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News Google Maps and Search can be used to reserve and pay for fitness classes 1 hour ago Robot Unicorn Attack 3 begins pre-registration in the Play Store 5 hours ago Simple adds support for Android Pay 6 hours ago Telegram app update adds voice calling features for Western Europe 7 hours ago Google Allo could get a ‘quick selfie’ button among other new features 8 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
/ Web Dev Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Security Web Dev {{announcement.body}}{{announcement.title}} Let's be friends: The Modern Application Stack, Part 6: Browsers Aren't the Only UI/Mobile Apps, Amazon Alexa, Cloud Services DZone's Guide to The Modern Application Stack, Part 6: Browsers Aren't the Only UI/Mobile Apps, Amazon Alexa, Cloud Services In this article, we round out our 6 part series on MongoDB by looking using the REST APIs we've created to make apps in iOS and Alexa, and create cloud services. by Andrew Morgan · Mar. 31, 17 · Web Dev Zone Free Resource Like (1) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Learn how to build modern digital experience apps with Crafter CMS. Download this eBook now. Brought to you in partnership with Crafter Software.  This is the sixth and final blog post in a series examining technologies such as MongoDB and REST APIs that are driving the development of modern web and mobile applications. Modern Application Stack – Part 1: Introducing The MEAN Stack introduced the technologies making up the MEAN (MongoDB, Express, Angular, Node.js) and MERN (MongoDB, Express, React, Node.js) stacks: why you might want to use them, and how to combine them to build your web application (or your native mobile or desktop app). Subsequent posts focused on working through the end to end steps of building a real (albeit simple) application – MongoPop. Part 2: Using MongoDB With Node.js created an environment where we could work with a MongoDB database from Node.js; it also created a simplified interface to the MongoDB Node.js Driver. Part 3: Building a REST API with Express.js built on Part 2 by using Express.js to add a REST API which is used by the clients that we implement in the final 3 posts. Part 4a: Building a Client UI Using Angular 2 (formerly AngularJS) and TypeScript and Part 4b completed the MEAN stack by adding an Angular 2 client. Part 5: Using ReactJS, ES6, and JSX to Build a UI (the rise of MERN) does the same but replaces Angular with ReactJS to complete the MERN stack. Once your application back-end exposes a REST API, there are limitless ways that you or other developers can access it: A dedicated browser-based client, as seen in posts 4 and 5. A standalone native iOS or Android mobile app. Voice controlled appliances, such as Amazon's Echo. IoT-enabled devices, such as remote sensors. Integrations with 3rd party applications. This post takes a look at some of these approaches. Unlike some of the earlier posts, this one aims to go wide rather than deep – touching on many technologies rather than diving too deeply into any one. Prerequisite: The REST API Everything that follows assumes that you have the Mongopop REST API running – if not, skip back to Part 3: Building a REST API with Express.js. Additionally, that API has been extended with 3 new routes (already included in the latest GitHub repository): Additional Express routes implemented for the Mongopop REST API Route HTTP Method Parameters Response Purpose /pop/checkIn POST {    venue: string,
    date: string,
    url: string,
    location: string
} {
    success: boolean,
    error: string
} Stores the checkin data as a document in a collection. /pop/checkInCount GET {
    success: boolean,
    count: number,
    error: string
} Returns a count for the total number of checkins. /pop/latestCheckIn GET {
    success: boolean,
    venue: string,
    date: string,
    url: string,
    location: string,
    error: string
} Retrieves the most recent checkin. These route paths are implemented in the pop.js module in the Mongopop repository: /pop/lastCheckIn depends on a new method that has been added to javascripts/db.js: The configuration file config.js is also extended – note that you should replace the value associated with the makerMongoDBURI field if you're not running MongoDB on your local machine, e.g. with the URI provided by MongoDB Atlas: var config = {
expressPort: 3000,
client: {
mongodb: {
defaultDatabase: "mongopop",
defaultCollection: "simples",
defaultUri: "mongodb://localhost:27017"
},
mockarooUrl: "http://www.mockaroo.com/536ecbc0/download?count=1000&key=48da1ee0"
},
makerMongoDBURI: "mongodb://localhost:27017/maker?authSource=admin",
checkinCollection: "foursq"
};

module.exports = config; The implementation of these methods follows the same pattern as already seen – refer back to Part 3 for details – and so is not explained here. Repurposing Angular and ReactJS Code for Native Applications There are frameworks for both Angular and ReactJS that enable web client application designs (and in some cases, code) to be reused for creating native iOS and Android apps. One option for Angular is NativeScript, in which you use Typescript/JavaScript with Angular to build native apps for multiple platforms from the same source code. Of course, to get the most out of those platforms, you may want or need to add platform-specific code. React developers will find React Native code very familiar, and applications are built from declarative components in the same way. The most obvious difference is that React Native code uses its own native components (e.g. <View> and <Text> rather that HTML elements such as <div> and <p>): import React, { Component } from 'react';
import { AppRegistry, Text } from 'react-native';

class HelloWorldApp extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
<View>
      <Text>Hello There!</Text>
      <Text>This is a very simple Native React component.</Text>
</View>
    );
  }
}

AppRegistry.registerComponent('HelloWorldApp', () => HelloWorldApp); React Native provides the Fetch API to make network requests; it follows a similar pattern to XMLHttpRequest (React Native also includes XMLHttpRequest which can be used directly). While it's not as simple as just rebuilding your ReactJS or Angular code to produce native apps, the reuse of designs, skills, and (some) code make it much more efficient than starting from scratch. Combining Cloud Services – IFTTT IFTTT (IF This Then That) is a free cloud service which allows you to automate tasks by combining existing services (Google Docs, Facebook, Instagram, Hue lights, Nest thermostats, GitHub, Trello, Dropbox, etc.). The name of the service comes from the simple pattern used for each Applet (automation rule): "IF This event occurs in service x Then trigger That action in service y." IFTTT includes a Maker service which can handle web requests (triggers) or send web requests (actions). In this case, I use it to invoke the pop/checkIn POST method from the Mongopop REST API whenever I check in using the Swarm (Foursquare) app: Note that the applet makes a POST request to the http://your-mongopop-ip:3000/pop/checkIn route. The body of the POST includes the required parameters – provided as a JSON document. Each of the VenueName, CheckinDate, VenueUrl, and VenueMapImageURL values are  /ingredients/ from the trigger (Foursquare) event. Using the Swarm app I check into FourSquare: We can confirm that the MongoDB collection has been updated after this check-in: Cluster0-shard-0:PRIMARY> use maker
switched to db maker

Cluster0-shard-0:PRIMARY> db.foursq.find().sort({_id: -1}).limit(1).pretty()
{
    "_id" : ObjectId("58c272f842067a03283be544"),
    "venueName" : "Redroofs Theatre School",
    "date" : "March 10, 2017 at 09:23AM",
    "url" : "http://4sq.com/htwamV",
    "mapRef" : "http://maps.google.com/maps/api/staticmap?center=51.52212258991317,-0.7358344376428089&zoom=16&size=710x440&maptype=roadmap&sensor=false&markers=color:red%7C51.52212258991317,-0.7358344376428089"
}
 Constructing an iOS/Apple Watch App to Automate Workflows The first example showed how to record a check-in into our own service as a side effect of checking into an existing service (Foursquare). What if we wanted to create new, independent check-ins, from a mobile device? What if we also wanted to augment the check-ins with additional data? Another requirement could be to let our team know of the check-in through a Slack channel. A valid approach would be to build a new mobile client using React Native or NativeScript. Slack and Google Maps have their own REST APIs and so the new app could certainly integrate with them in addition to our Mongopop API. Before investing in that development work, it would be great to prototype the concept and see if it proves useful. This is where we turn to the iOS Workflow app. Workflow has a number of similarities to IFTTT but there are also some significant differences: The workflow runs on your iOS device rather than in the cloud. Workflows are triggered by events on your iOS device (e.g. pressing a button) rather than an event in some cloud service. Workflow allows much more complex patterns than "IF This event occurs in service A Then trigger That action in service B"; it can loop, invoke multiple services, perform calculations, access local resources (e.g. camera and location information) on your device, and much more. Both applications/Workflows that we build here can be run on an iPad, iPhone, or Apple Watch. The first Workflow, CheckIn, performs these steps: Fetch the device's current location. Retrieve any URL associated with that location. If none exists, fetch a map URL from Apple Maps. Fetch a Google Street View image for the location. Upload this image to Imgur. Send the image URL to Slack. Send a POST request to the /pop/checkIn Mongopop route. The request includes the location, date/time, URL (either from the venue or Apple Maps), and the StreetView image. Post the location and URL to Slack. Display error messages if anything fails. Implementing a Workflow involves dragging actions into the work area and then adding attributes to those actions (such as the address of the Mongopop API). The result of one action is automatically used as the input to the next action in the workflow. Results can also be stored in variables for use by later actions. This is the Check In workflow: This video demonstrates the use of the app when run on an iPhone: The same app/workflow can be run from an Apple Watch: We can confirm that check-in record has been stored as a document in MongoDB Atlas (note that the database and collection names are defined in config.js): Cluster0-shard-0:PRIMARY> use maker
switched to db maker
Cluster0-shard-0:PRIMARY> db.foursq.find().sort({_id: -1}).limit(1).pretty()
{
    "_id" : ObjectId("58c1505742067a03283be541"),
    "venueName" : "77-79 King St, Maidenhead SL6 1DU, UK",
    "date" : "9 Mar 2017, 12:53",
    "url" : "http://maps.apple.com/?q=77-79%20King%20St,%20Maidenhead%20SL6%201DU,%20UK&ll=51.520409,-0.722196",
    "mapRef" : "http://i.imgur.com/w3KyIVU.jpg"
} The second app/workflow retrieves and displays details of the most recent check-in. It performs these steps: Read from the /pop/latestCheckIn Mongopop REST API Route using GET. If the results indicate a successful operation then: Extract the location from the results. Display the location and prompt the user if they'd like to: See the location data (image). Follow the location's URL (typically an Apple Maps link). Finish. If the Mongopop operation fails, display an appropriate error. The full workflow is shown here: Running the app on an iPad produces these results: Again, the same app can be run from an Apple Watch: Hands-Free Amazon Alexa Skills Two of today's biggest industry trends are machine learning and serverless computing. Amazon's Alexa service (typically accessed through Amazon's Echo device) is at the forefront of both. In addition to interpreting voice commands for Amazon's own services (e.g. ordering more coffee beans or playing a particular song), developers can implement their own skills. Many are publicly available from 3rd parties such as Nest, Harmony, and Spotify, but you're free to implement and test your own – submitting it for review and public use when ready. The business logic behind Alexa skills is typically run within Amazon's serverless computing service – AWS Lambda. Lambda is a great product for services that handle low or bursty levels of traffic – rather than paying a flat rate for a physical or virtual server, you pay a small fee for every event handled (and you even get a low-medium level of throughput for free). If your service really takes off then Lambda automatically scales out. Assuming that you decide to use Lambda, there are three main components to your skill: The set of intents – instructions that a user can give to Alexa. For each intent, a set of utterances that the user might say in order to signal that intent. The actual logic which is invoked whenever the user signals an intent – implemented as a Lambda function. The Mongo Alexa skill has 3 intents/commands: WhereIntent: Find the most recent location that I checked into. CountIntent: Count how many times I've checked in. HelpIntent: Explain what the available commands/intents are. The intents are defined as a JSON document: {"intents": [
    {"intent": "WhereIntent"},
    {"intent": "CountIntent"},
    {"intent": "AMAZON.HelpIntent"},
  ]
} The utterances for each of those intents must also be defined: WhereIntent where is andrew
WhereIntent where is he
WhereIntent where am i
WhereIntent where did he last check in
WhereIntent where did Andrew last check in
WhereIntent where did i last check in
WhereIntent last check in

CountIntent how many checkins
CountIntent how many times have I checked in
CountIntent how many times has Andrew checked in
CountIntent how many times has he checked in
CountIntent how many check ins
CountIntent check in count Note that no utterances need to be added for the AMAZON.HelpIntent as that intent is built in. The skill is created in the Amazon Developer Console using the Alexa wizard; where the intentions and utterances can be added: In the next screen, you indicate where the skill's business logic runs; in this case, I provide the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of my Lambda function: The logic for the Mongo skill is implemented in the index.js file (part of the MongoDB-Alexa GitHub repository): "use strict";

var Alexa = require("alexa-sdk");
var request = require("request");
var config = require("./config.js");

exports.handler = function(event, context, callback) {

    console.log("In handler");

    var alexa = Alexa.handler(event, context);
    alexa.appId = config.appId;

    alexa.registerHandlers(handlers);
    alexa.execute();
};

var handlers = {
    "AMAZON.HelpIntent": function () {
    this.emit(':tellWithCard',
        "Ask where Andrew is or ask how many times he has checked in",
        "Mongo – Where's Andrew",
        "Ask where Andrew is or ask how many times he has checked in",
        {
            smallImageUrl: "https://media.licdn.com/mpr/mpr/shrinknp_200_200/AAEAAQAAAAAAAALQAAAAJDhkZWUxZDQxLTM0NjctNDcxZS04NmJiLTA1YzRhNGVlNWY0ZQ.jpg",
            largeImageUrl: "https://media.licdn.com/mpr/mpr/shrinknp_200_200/AAEAAQAAAAAAAALQAAAAJDhkZWUxZDQxLTM0NjctNDcxZS04NmJiLTA1YzRhNGVlNWY0ZQ.jpg"
        }
    )},
    "CountIntent": function () {

        console.log("In CountIntent");

        var countURL = config.mongopopAPI + "checkInCount";
        var _this = this;

        request({url: countURL, json: true}, function (error, response, body) {
            console.log("in callback");
            if (error || response.statusCode != 200) {
                console.log("Failed to count checkins: " + error.message);
                _this.emit(':tellWithCard',
                    "Network error, check Alexa app for details",
                    "Mongo – Error",
                    "Network error: " + error.message,
                    {
                        smallImageUrl: "https://cdn3.iconfinder.com/data/icons/wifi-2/460/connection-error-512.png",
                        largeImageUrl: "https://cdn3.iconfinder.com/data/icons/wifi-2/460/connection-error-512.png"
                    }
                )
            } else {
                if (body.success) {

                   var successString = "Andrew has checked in " + body.count + " times.";
                    _this.emit(':tellWithCard',
                        successString,
                        "Mongo – Where's Andrew",
                        successString,
                        {   
                            smallImageUrl: "https://media.licdn.com/mpr/mpr/shrinknp_200_200/AAEAAQAAAAAAAALQAAAAJDhkZWUxZDQxLTM0NjctNDcxZS04NmJiLTA1YzRhNGVlNWY0ZQ.jpg",
                            largeImageUrl: "https://media.licdn.com/mpr/mpr/shrinknp_200_200/AAEAAQAAAAAAAALQAAAAJDhkZWUxZDQxLTM0NjctNDcxZS04NmJiLTA1YzRhNGVlNWY0ZQ.jpg"
                        }
                    )
                } else {
                    console.log("Failed to count checkins: " + body.error);
                    _this.emit(':tellWithCard',
                        "Application error, check Alexa app for details",
                        "Mongo – Error",
                        "Application error: " + body.error,
                        {
                            smallImageUrl: "https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/bf/Sad_face.gif/1024px-Sad_face.gif",
                            largeImageUrl: "https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/bf/Sad_face.gif/1024px-Sad_face.gif"
                        }
                    )
                }
            }
        })
    },
    "WhereIntent": function () {

        console.log("In WhereIntent");

        var latestCheckinURL = config.mongopopAPI + "latestCheckin";
        var _this = this;

        request({url: latestCheckinURL, json: true}, function (error, response, body) {
            console.log("in callback");
            if (error || response.statusCode != 200) {
                console.log("Failed to fetch latest Checkin, network problem: " + error.message);
                _this.emit(':tellWithCard',
                    "Network error, check Alexa app for details",
                    "Mongo – Error",
                    "Network error: " + error.message,
                    {
                        smallImageUrl: "https://cdn3.iconfinder.com/data/icons/wifi-2/460/connection-error-512.png",
                        largeImageUrl: "https://cdn3.iconfinder.com/data/icons/wifi-2/460/connection-error-512.png"
                    }
                )
            } else {
                if (body.success) {
                    var successString = "Andrew last checked in to " + body.venue + " on " + body.date;
                    var imgURL = body.location.replace("http", "https");
                    _this.emit(':tellWithCard',
                        successString,
                        "Mongo – Where's Andrew",
                        successString + ". Location URL: " + body.url + ". View venue: " + body.location + ".",
                        {   
                            smallImageUrl: imgURL,
                          largeImageUrl: imgURL
                        }
                    )
                } else {
                    console.log("Failed to fetch latest checkin, app error: " + body.error);
                    _this.emit(':tellWithCard',
                        "Application error, check Alexa app for details",
                        "Mongo – Error",
                        "Application error: " + body.error,
                        {
                            smallImageUrl: "https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/bf/Sad_face.gif/1024px-Sad_face.gif",
                            largeImageUrl: "https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/bf/Sad_face.gif/1024px-Sad_face.gif"
                        }
                    )
                }
            }
        })
    },
    "Unhandled": function () {
        this.emit(':tellWithCard',
            "Unhandled event",
            "Mongo – Error",
            "Unhandled event",
            {
                smallImageUrl: "https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/bf/Sad_face.gif/1024px-Sad_face.gif",
                largeImageUrl: "https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/bf/Sad_face.gif/1024px-Sad_face.gif"
            }
        )
    }
}; As explained earlier, the aim of this post is to cover a broad set of technologies rather than going too deeply into any one but explaining a few concepts may help you understand what this code is doing: A handler is implemented for each of the intents; that handler is invoked when the user speaks one of the utterances associated with that intent. The handlers for the CountIntent and WhereIntent makes calls to the Mongopop REST API using the request function. The emit method is how the handlers can send results or errors back to the user (via Alexa). The card, referred to by tellWithCard, is visual content (text and images) that are displayed in the Alexa app. Note that this is a simple skill which receives a request and sends a single response. It is also possible to implement an interactive state machine where there's a conversation between the user and Alexa - in those skills, the logic uses both the latest intent and the past context in deciding how to respond. Note that the Lambda function is always stateless and so all data should be stored in a database such as MongoDB. The skill is deployed to AWS Lambda through the AWS Management Console. The index.js, config.js, and node_modules directory (created by running npm install) should be archived into a single Zip file which is then uploaded to AWS: There are a number of extra configuration options – such as the runtime environment to use (Node.js), the user role, the amount of memory to be made available to the function, and how long each invocation of the function should be allowed to run (the function is making external HTTP requests and so it may need a few seconds): As a reminder, the user speaks to the Amazon Echo device, then the Alexa application invokes an AWS Lambda function, which implements the business logic for the Mongo skill, which then interacts with the MongoDB database via the Mongopop REST API: To start, test the simplest intent – asking the Mongo skill for help: Note that the visual card can contain more information than Alexa's spoken response. For example, if there is an error in the Mongopop back-end, the returned error message is displayed on the card. Next, we can ask Alexa how many times I've checked in and where my last check-in was. Note that I could have used any of the utterances associated with these intents (and Alexa will automatically convert similar phrases): Summary Previous posts stepped through building the Mongopop application back-end and then the creation of web client applications using Angular 2 and ReactJS. This post explored some alternative ways to build client applications; in particular, it showed how to combine existing cloud services with a bit of new logic to create something brand new. We looked at a number of technologies to help build applications quickly and efficiently: IFTTT: Make events in one cloud service that trigger actions in another. Workflow: Automate complex tasks involving multiple services on an iOS device. Amazon Alexa: Implement your own voice-controlled skills. AWS Lambda: Host and scale your business logic in the cloud while only paying for the transactions you process. Increasingly, applications leverage multiple services (if only to allow the user to share their efforts on different social media networks). The key to all of these integrations is the REST APIs provided by each service. If you've jumped straight to this post then consider reading parts 1 through 3 to learn how to build your own REST API. If you're interested in learning everything you need to know to get started building a MongoDB-based app you can sign up for one of our free online MongoDB University courses. Crafter is a modern CMS platform for building modern websites and content-rich digital experiences. Download this eBook now. Brought to you in partnership with Crafter Software. Like This Article? Read More From DZone An Interview With REST Author Brian Sletten Serverless REST API with Angular, Persistence and Security Restify Commands with the Request Pattern Free DZone Refcard Node.js DOWNLOAD Topics: mongodb ,web dev ,rest api ,ios ,alexa skills Like (1) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Published at DZone with permission of Andrew Morgan, DZone MVB. See the original article here. Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. Web Dev Partner Resources Digital Transformation with the Node.js DevOps Stack NodeSource Qlik PlaygroundTM: A free coding environment to simplify data driven development Qlik Create Data Driven Apps Faster by Eliminating Query Writing Qlik Node.js for the Java, Rails, PHP and .NET Developer IBM Learn How Qlik Tech Cracked Search Qlik Why Developers Trust Node.js When Building Their APIs IBM Focus on Operators for Reactive Programming. They are Essential to React to Data in Your Application. Wakanda A Picture is Worth a Thousand Words! Introduction to Core Git Concepts. Wakanda 7 Reasons Why Crafter Should Be On Your Web CMS Shortlist Crafter Software A Guide to Modern Java Web Development with Crafter CMS Crafter Software Develop your first Mobile App in JavaScript with Wakanda Wakanda Getting Started with Node.js, Docker, and Kubernetes NodeSource The best of DZone straight to your inbox. SEE AN EXAMPLE SUBSCRIBE Please provide a valid email address. Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. Subscribe {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} Free {{node.type}} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers · : · : · : · UNTIL PRICES RISE FOR Learn More Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Until prices rise for TNW Conference. Learn more > Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Get your time back with these marketing templates, tips, and time-savers by Ash Read — in Life Hacks 149 shares One of the cultural values at Buffer is to live smarter, not harder. We like to think this extends into our workflows as well. Win a trip to Amsterdam! We've teamed up with Product Hunt to offer you the chance to win an all expense paid trip to TNW Conference 2017! CHECK IT OUT This is why marketing spreadsheets have been such a boon for us, helping us to track important social media metrics, see our blog growth, and get more work done in less time. That being said, spreadsheets are not always easy. Finding or building the right ones and figuring out how best to use them can be time-consuming tasks. We’d love to help. To give you a hand with managing spreadsheets in Excel and Google Sheets (and hopefully save a great deal of time), we’ve pulled together a list of essential spreadsheets, templates, formulas, and shortcuts that are handy for every marketer to have in their locker. Let’s jump in… 10 ready-made marketing spreadsheets to boost your productivity For many of the free spreadsheets linked below, you can download as an .xls file to use and customize in Excel or Google Docs. Google Doc users can also go to “File > Make a Copy …” to add the spreadsheet to their account, then edit. 1. A weekly social media report Track your social media marketing with week-over-week data Grab a copy of this spreadsheet here >> This social media report is built in Google Sheets, and it works off of a data export from Buffer (though you can rig it to work with exports from other social media analytics tools as well). The report will help you keep tabs on your engagement, top posts, and much more. 2. Waterfall chart Monitor your progress to see if you’re on track Grab a copy of this spreadsheet here >> The waterfall spreadsheet template is extremely versatile for keeping pace with your goals. We use it to track many of our OKRs here at Buffer. (Thanks to the HubSpot team for turning us onto waterfalls.) Here’s an example of it in use to keep tabs on the number of comments we received per post throughout Q2: This spreadsheet can be used to track your progress on most any metric. Here are a few ideas to get you going: Follower growth on social media Newsletter subscribers Traffic growth Clicks from your social accounts 3. Blog post traffic tracker Know which posts are seeing the most traffic, and when Grab a copy of this spreadsheet here >> This is one of my favorite spreadsheets we use at Buffer and I’m excited to share it with you. The blog post traffic spreadsheet enables us to keep an eye on which pieces of content are hitting our traffic goals and it’s also really great to keep an eye on what topics are performing best, too. 4. Social media marketing baselines Know right away which social media posts are on track and which are taking off Grab a copy of this spreadsheet here >> How can you tell if a certain number of clicks, reshares, or reach is good? It can be a bit of a puzzle to see your social media results in context. That’s why we’ve gone about trying to set benchmarks and baselines for our social media marketing, using the above spreadsheet as our starting point. Simply enter your social media data into the spreadsheet (it works natively with a Buffer data export). Then the formulas do the rest, highlighting any update that goes above and beyond your average. 5. Social media audit spreadsheet Easily track all your social profiles in one place Grab a copy of this spreadsheet here >> Performing a social media audit on a monthly basis can be a good habit. Once you get in a good flow, it might only take 15 minutes or less, and you’ll gain tons of benefits with branding, consistency, and perspective. Here are some of the things we track in the audit spreadsheet: Profiles on all social networks Active / dormant Posting frequency Followers and growth Engagement and growth 6. Moz’s One Metric See at-a-glance which pieces of content are performing best Grab a copy of this spreadsheet here >> We’ve used the Moz One Metric spreadsheet to track the performance of our blog posts and even re-engineered it to work with social media updates. It’s a powerfully simple way to measure performance. Here is Moz’s explanation for why they built it: We need a way to quickly sift through the noise and figure out which pieces of content were really successful, and which didn’t go over nearly as well. It works by weighing three different points of data and standardizing to make a single score. The data points can be anything you choose. By default, they’re: Google Analytics traffic data On-page data (comments, thumbs up) Social shares 7. Google Analytics heatmap Find out when your readers visit your site (so you know when to publish/promote) Grab a copy of this spreadsheet here >> The folks at Seer Interactive set about to recreate a Google Analytics mobile dashboard look from a desktop spreadsheet. The results are pretty nifty: You can see the times when your site receives its most organic traffic, which might help you plan when to publish new posts or promote content. To get started, Seer published step-by-step instructions for setting up the spreadsheet with your own Google Analytics data. 8. Social media calendar Manage and plan your social media marketing content weeks in advance Grab a copy of this spreadsheet here >> We were grateful to partner with HubSpot in creating the above calendar template. One of our favorite features: It includes a sheet to store your best evergreen content and updates so that you can quickly grab something to share in a pinch. 9. Social media metrics dashboard Visualize (and share) all your social media marketing growth from one place Grab a copy of this spreadsheet here >> This is the spreadsheet we use at Buffer to track the performance of our social media marketing. It allows us to chart week-over-week growth and month-over-month growth, with sheets for the snapshot overview and each month’s performance. 10. Quotes to share Easy-to-grab, inspiring quotes to share on social media Grab a copy of this spreadsheet here >> Some of our most highly engaged social media content is quotes. And when we’re looking for some fresh inspiration, we often turn to this spreadsheet. (Likewise, when we find some quotable inspiration, we add it to the sheet.) These quotes work great as images also. You can build an image quote in 30 seconds or less using Pablo or other image-creation tools. 5 incredibly handy spreadsheet formulas 1. Tidy up spacing Have you ever started working on a spreadsheet with some odd spacing going on? A few rogue spaces throughout a sheet can make it difficult to work with the data. Thankfully, there’s a nice, simple formula to help you remove unwanted spaces. The Trim function works across both Google Sheets and Excel. To use it, simply type the following formula into the Formula Bar: =TRIM("Your Text Here") Here’s an example, to remove the unwanted spaces before a name in our spreadsheet. For this, we used the formula: TRIM(“Kevan Lee”) 2. Split The following formula can help you to split values within your Google Sheets spreadsheet based on any given character (or delimiter) within the cell. In the below example we used the character ” ” (space) to split first names and surnames from the values listed in Column A. The formula you need to do this is: =split(string, delimiter) And in the above example, we used  “A2″ as the string and ” ” (space) as the delimiter, making our formula: =split(A2, " ") If you’re using Excel, this handy guide from Microsoft will help you achieve the same outcome. 3. Percentage difference between two numbers Back at the start of Q2 2016, we set a goal to boost the traffic to our new posts by 30 percent in the first 30 days after publishing. To measure this, I created a spreadsheet, and in one column had the target traffic for each post with the actual traffic in another and the percentage difference between the two figures displayed in a third column. This formula helped to me see whether we hit the goal on not at a glance, and how far over or under we were. Here’s a snippet of the spreadsheet (you can see the % difference in the green / red figures in the furthest right column): To work out the percentage difference you need to use the following formula: =(-1) * (Cell 1-Cell 2)/Cell 2 For example, if we have a target of 3,315 page views and achieve 4,147 page views, this formula will tell you that you were 25.10 percent over your target: Note: Ensure the cells you’re using this formula for are formatted as percentages to ensure this one works. 4. Autosum Autosum can be a really neat time saver in Excel. To use it, simply select an empty cell to the right or below the cells you want to sum, and type Alt + = (or Command + Shift + T on Mac). Excel will then estimate the range of cells you’re trying to combine and in one step give you the total. Note: If Excel’s estimation is a little off, you can edit the range of cells include in the sum within the formula bar. In Google Sheets, Autosum works a little differently. First, you need to select the range of cells you wish to add up, then click the Functions button and select the SUM option. Google Sheets will then automatically add the sum of your selected cells directly in the cell below (or to the right if you’re combining data from rows). Here’s that workflow in action: 5. Add up the sum of cells matching certain criteria If you wanted to discover the page views on your blog generated by posts written a certain author or count only data from users in a specific cohort, it could take a while to figure these out manually. This is where the SUMIF function comes into play. SUMIF allows you to add up cells that meet a certain criteria. Here’s how a SUMIF works: =SUMIF (range, criteria, [sum_range]) =SUMIF: tells the formula it’ll be summing only cells that match the specified critera Range: the range of cells you’re going to add up Criteria: the criteria used to determine which cells to add Sum Range: The cells to add together Here’s an example showing how we can breakdown page views generated by post type on the Buffer Social blog using a SUMIF: In order to calculate the number of page views ‘News’ posts generated we used the formula: =SUMIF(B2:B7,"*news*",D2:D7) This formula sums the amounts in column D (range) when a value in column B (sum range) contains “News” (critera). More on the SUMIF function: SUMIF Function explained Using SUMIF if a cell contains text 9 time-saving shortcuts and tips by spreadsheet masters 1. Add borders to cells When I work with spreadsheets, I love to use borders to help me break up the data and make a sheet easier to understand. Both Excel and Google Sheets have a button to add borders, but they also have some super-handy shortcuts: Google Sheets:  Apply top border: PC: Alt + Shift + 1 | Mac: Option + Shift + 1 Apply right border: PC: Alt + Shift + 2 | Mac: Option + Shift + 2 Apply bottom border: PC: Alt + Shift + 3 | Mac: Option + Shift + 3 Apply left border: PC: Alt + Shift + 4 | Mac: Option + Shift + 4 Remove borders: PC: Alt + Shift + 6 | Mac: Option + Shift + 6 Apply outer border: PC: Alt + Shift + 7 | Mac: Option + Shift + 7 Excel:  PC and Mac (substitute Alt for the Option key on Mac): 2. Format numbers as currency If you have same data you’d like to quickly turn into currency, there’s a super quick solution to help you out. This shortcut can be particularly useful when you’re working with budgets, revenues or even salaries. To use this trick, simply highlight the cells you wish to update and press Control + Shift + 4. Thankfully, this shortcut is universal across Excel, Google Sheets, Mac and PC. 3. Format as a percentage Much like formatting numbers as currency you can also format numbers as a percentage using a neat shortcut. To do this, simply select the cells you’d like to show as percentages and press Control + Shift + 5. 4. Copy formatting Formatting spreadsheets to your liking can take quite some time. To help speed this process up, you can use the Paint Format button to copy and paste formatting from one bunch or cells to another. To do this, highlight the formatting you’d like to copy, then click on the paint brush icon (on both Excel and Google Sheets) and then select the area you’d like to apply the formatting to and click the paint brush again. Your styling will now be applied to those cells. 5. Start a new line in the same cell Adding multiple lines of text within the same cell is often a puzzle for spreadsheet users. I can’t even recall how many times I experimented and tried to figure this out before someone was gracious enough to teach me this amazingly simple keyboard command. Here’s the answer, to add a new line of text in the same cell holding Alt + Enter on PC or Control + Option + Return on Mac, will add a new line inside a cell on both Google Sheets and Excel. 6. Insert date and time Almost every spreadsheet will have a column for the date or time and the following shortcuts work across Excel, Google Sheets, Mac and PC: To add the date, use Control + ; To enter the current time, use Control + Shift + ; 7. Fill down / Fill right These shortcuts allow you to quickly copy data from the cell above or the cell to the left, without having to copy and paste. In Excel, to copy a value from the cell above, use Control + D. To copy data from the cell to the left, use Control + R. Google Sheets works a little differently here, but you can still use a shortcut to fill cells to the right and below. To do this on Google Sheets: Highlight the cells you’d like to fill with the top or furthest left cell being the one you’d like to copy Press Command + D 8. Show formulas Occasionally, it can be useful to see all the formulas within your sheet, and what’s even better is being able to do this without having to manually click on each cell to see the formula behind the data. By holding Control + ‘ (on both Mac and PC and Google Sheets and Excel), you can display all formulas within your spreadsheet at once. This shortcut is particularly useful to help ensure you’re using consistent formulas throughout your sheet. 9. Insert rows and columns To insert a row above or column into a spreadsheet, you first need to select an entire row or column. The, on Excel, use Control + Shift and + (on Mac: Control + I) to insert a row or column (columns will be added to the right of the selected column). On Google Sheets, the command is a little different: Here are the shortcuts for Mac: And on PC: (via) Over to you: What are your spreadsheet tips? Thanks for reading! I hope you picked up one or two new tips and tricks for your spreadsheets here. Now, I’d love to open the floor up to you and ask for your favorite spreadsheet hacks. What formulas do you use regularly? Any shortcuts you couldn’t be without? Feel free to leave a comment below. I’m excited to join the conversation and learn from you too. This post originally appeared on Buffer. Read next: Where to watch Samsung's Galaxy S8 launch event live Share on Facebook (54) Share on Twitter (0) Ash Read Happy to hear your thoughts on ash@getnudge.co or @Ashread_ on Twitter. Content crafter at Buffer. I’m fascinated by storytelling, entrepreneurship, and travel. When I'm not writing, you'll usually find me on a football pitch or basketball court. Contact Mail Tweet Posts 16   All posts by Ash > Here's some more distraction Oculus cofounder leaves Facebook amid legal firestorm Rachel Kaser Facebook opens 360 livestreaming to everyone Rachel Kaser Is your business really ready to grow? TNW with TMF Group 9 of the best Facebook Stories filters that put Snapchat to shame Rachel Kaser Office romance: 7 proven ways to create a successful startup-corporate collaboration TNW with BNP Paribas Amazon's no-cashier store can't handle more than a few shoppers Rachel Kaser Comments Recommended 3 software development trends you don’t want to miss Raygun Most popular 1 The science behind fonts (and how they make you feel) Mikael Cho 2 Don't even think of naming your business until you read this Julian Shapiro 3 Twitter will no longer count @-names in replies as part of its 140 character limit Napier Lopez 4 Adobe figured out a way to copy realistic photo styles from one picture to another Abhimanyu Ghoshal 5 Facebook opens 360 livestreaming to everyone Rachel Kaser Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company Facebook Build and make an impact Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest 1 You can now buy a Microsoft Edition Galaxy S8, but there's really no need Abhimanyu Ghoshal 2 SpaceX makes history by successfully re-launching an orbital rocket for the first time Abhimanyu Ghoshal 3 This DIY Nintendo build is pure portable nostalgia Bryan Clark 4 This octopus-like robot arm grips objects and doesn't let go Bryan Clark 5 Radar system envisions a safer future for self-driving cars Rachel Kaser @garyvee Market like the year you are in. Share Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age Business Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News AFL Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Sport Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Business Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street Comment Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Comment Insight World  Mining Banking Aviation Energy Media China Budget Events Home Business News Media UPDATED March 31 2017 - 3:55PM Save Print License article Australian government pulls all advertising from YouTube Lucy Battersby Contact via Email Follow on Google Plus Follow on Twitter 324 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More The Australian government has joined the global boycott of advertising on Google, announcing on Friday afternoon it would "suspend all non-corporate campaign advertising from the YouTube platform".   The government made the decision on advice from its media buying agency, Dentsu Mitchell, out of concerns its ads could appear alongside inappropriate content.  Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Immigration to be cut Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:06 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:59 Backlash over YouTube ads Backlash over YouTube ads Big-name companies are suspending digital advertising on Google's YouTube site over concerns their ads run next to offensive videos. Up Next Immigration to be cut Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:06 Video duration 02:06 Immigration to be cut Immigration to be cut You could be forgiven for thinking economic policy has just two arms â monetary and fiscal. Interest rates and what the government raises and spends. But there is a third arm that is rarely discussed. Michael Pascoe comments. Up Next Workplace flexibility Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:54 Video duration 01:54 Workplace flexibility Workplace flexibility Beam Australia is connecting part time workers with employers. Up Next How Uber's controversial CEO built an empire Play Video Don't Play Video duration 04:01 Video duration 04:01 How Uber's controversial CEO built an ... How Uber's controversial CEO built an empire The story of Travis Kalanick and how he went from UCLA dropout to CEO of the world's most valuable technology startup, Uber. Up Next China drives for clean coal Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:33 Video duration 02:33 China drives for clean coal China drives for clean coal China is the world's biggest coal producer and carbon dioxide emitter, but is trying to take the lead in cleaner technology. Up Next Targeting superfluous super Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:08 Video duration 02:08 Targeting superfluous super Targeting superfluous super The Productivity Commission says we have too many superannuation accounts. Peter Martin explains the logic. Up Next Protecting mugs from themselves Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:31 Video duration 02:31 Protecting mugs from themselves Protecting mugs from themselves How far should our watchdogs go to protect mugs from themselves, crooks or bad luck? Michael Pascoe comments. Up Next Myer earnings report Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:22 Video duration 00:22 Myer earnings report Myer earnings report Retailer Myer is on track to deliver full-year profit growth, for the first time since 2010. More videos Backlash over YouTube ads Big-name companies are suspending digital advertising on Google's YouTube site over concerns their ads run next to offensive videos. "The measure is preventative and while advertising is being withdrawn from some websites, the government will continue to communicate important messages to Australians using other means," Special Minister of State Scott Ryan said in a press release.  "The Australian government and Dentsu Mitchell will continue to request updates from Google on the steps being taken to mitigate risks."  Related Content Telstra joins global YouTube boycott as toll mounts on Google Why the world's biggest advertisers are turning off YouTube The suspension will include advertising such as recruitment, public health campaigns and public information campaigns. In 2015-16, the government spent $57.4 million on all its digital advertising.  A spokeswoman for Google Australia wouldn't comment directly on the government's decision, but said it had begun an extensive review of advertising policies.  Advertisement "While we recognise that no system will be 100 per cent perfect, we believe these major steps will further safeguard our advertisers' brands and we are committed to being vigilant and continuing to improve over time," she said.   The government's decision comes a few days after major advertisers like Bunnings, Caltex, Telstra, and Foxtel decided to suspend advertising on YouTube after their ads appeared alongside offensive videos.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The government made the decision on advice from its media buying agency, Dentsu Mitchell, out of concerns its ads could appear alongside inappropriate content.  Photo: AP The global boycott started after the UK government suspended YouTube advertising following reports its ads were potentially funding extremism by appearing alongside extremist videos.  Google has tried to limit the damage by improving controls for advertisers.   More to come Related Content Bunnings, Foxtel and Caltex join YouTube ad boycott Advertisement HuffPost Australia Government FINALLY Gets Company Tax ... Contains: External link Amazon Expects To Be Fully Operational ... Contains: External link Most Popular 11 sentences to avoid saying to your boss at all costs Government pulls all advertising from YouTube We may lead the world in growth, but spoils are bittersweet Banks will have to go it alone in Apple Pay fight New rules to cool down real estate Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business More borrowers falling behind for first time on mortgage Maree's health insurance decision is saving her $125 a week New rules to cool down real estate Ten Fair Work offices retire months after qualifying for pension Banks will have to go it alone in Apple Pay fight The Age Hair's a key to 'identity' but black students told to play it straight 'Big mother of a snake' photobombs mum's snap of daughter They came in their thousands to live in Cranbourne East More borrowers falling behind for first time on mortgage Senate kills off Turnbull government's changes to 18C race discrimination law The Sydney Morning Herald Residents ordered to evacuate as flood waters rise in northern NSW The career path only 8 in 6500 kids would choose Sirens sound in Lismore as levee cracks and city floods More borrowers falling behind for first time on mortgage Macdonald set to share porridge and water, not pig and wine, with Obeid Brisbane Times Debbie's aftermath brings wild weather and chaos to Queensland's south-east Man charged over Sam Thompson's murder after police search rubbish tip, seize car 'Big mother of a snake' photobombs mum's snap of daughter Bull shark washed up onto road by flooding, locals take tooth 'Stay in your home': Schools to remain closed on Friday as SEQ floods Canberra Times Cross-country cycling race cancelled after rider killed in crash Hair's a key to 'identity' but black students told to play it straight 'This is a travesty': Popular Civic pub 'shut until further notice' More borrowers falling behind for first time on mortgage The career path only 8 in 6500 kids would choose WA Today Pro surfers in Margaret River on high alert after salmon run triggers shark alert Hackers fail in bid to scam Perth homebuying father and son out of $200k The man who has stood beside Ben Cousins Macdonald set to share porridge and water, not pig and wine, with Obeid 'I had not a cent to my name': WA MP Anne Aly recalls breakdown at Centrelink Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Skip to main content #SyriaWar #InsideIraq #Occupation #SaudiStruggle #YemenWar More › MainCountryTopics Search Languages English Français Home Topics News Features In Depth Columns Essays Multimedia Search Algeria Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Israel Jordan Kuwait Lebanon Libya Mauritania Morocco Oman Palestine Qatar Saudi Arabia Sudan Syria Tunisia Turkey United Arab Emirates Yemen #SyriaWar #InsideIraq #Occupation #SaudiStruggle #YemenWar More › Home Topics News Features In Depth Columns Essays Multimedia 'Secret deals' with tech companies unacceptable, UK government told #Prevent Civil liberties groups call for transparency and evidence-based policy after MEE reveals details of Google's counter-extremism work for Home Office Tech companies are coming under pressure to make encrypted messaging services available to UK intelligence services (Reuters) Simon Hooper Thursday 30 March 2017 11:17 UTC Last update:  Thursday 30 March 2017 12:09 UTC Topics:  Prevent Tags:  UK government, Technology, Google, Counter-Extremism, Prevent Show comments Civil liberties campaigners have called for the UK government to be transparent about its relationship with technology companies amid calls for them to do more to help tackle online extremism. Representatives of leading companies, including Google, Facebook and Twitter, were on Thursday set to meet Home Secretary Amber Rudd who called for encrypted messaging services such as WhatsApp to be made accessible to the police and intelligence services following last week's attack in London. The meeting comes after Middle East Eye also revealed how Google was already working with the Office for Security and Counter Terrorism (OSCT), a Home Office department, to provide "digital and communications support" to counter-extremism campaigners supported by the government. READ: Google working with UK on counter-extremism In a letter, campaign groups said that private, informal agreements between government and technology companies were "not consistent with open, democratic governance". The letter was signed by organisations, including the Open Rights Group, Reporters Without Borders, the Index for Censorship, Liberty, Human Rights Watch and Privacy International. They called for transparency about any meetings and agreements made between the government and technology companies; evidence-based policies that did not jeopardise the personal security of UK citizens; and input from civil society groups to ensure that privacy and free speech rights were protected. They also warned that weakening encryption technologies would put UK citizens at greater risk of cyber-crime and pointed out that the Investigatory Powers Act already gave the government the right to compel companies to reengineer products and services. "Government requests directed to tech companies to take down content is de facto state censorship," the letter said. "Some content may be legal, but potentially offensive or express extreme views. Co-operation therefore sets the bar for censorship much lower for government, as material that is legal can be taken down based on government will rather than transparent legal process. We need assurances that only illegal material will be sought out by government officials and taken down by tech companies." 'The ability to communicate securely is essential for investigative journalists, their sources, and whistleblowers' – Rebecca Vincent, Reporters Without Borders Rebecca Vincent, UK bureau director at Reporters Without Borders, said that government efforts to make encrypted communications accessible would have a "chilling effect" and strike a "damaging blow" to investigative journalism. "Amber Rudd's comments on encryption are yet another example of this government sacrificing freedom of expression, the right to privacy, and other human rights in the name of security, and contribute to a very worrying trend of increasing attacks on press freedom in the UK in recent months. The ability to communicate securely is essential for investigative journalists, their sources, and whistleblowers," said Vincent. READ: WhatsApp encryption: UK wants access after London attack Jim Killock, the executive director of the Open Rights Group, said that Rudd had showed a "worrying lack of understanding about how encryption keeps us all safe. "She clearly needs to talk to experts but this should be done openly and transparently. Secret deals between governments and companies have no place in a democracy.” The OSCT has refused to release documents relevant to its relationship with Google because it says that doing so would compromise national security, prejudice the prevention or detection of crime, prejudice commercial interests, and undermine Prevent. But it did tell MEE, in response to a Freedom of Information request, that it connected campaigners "with industry experts to provide them with the digital and communications support they need to deliver their own campaigns, including creative advice, production capabilities, website build, media training and public relations support". MEE understands that the relationship between Google and the OSCT dates back to at least 2012 when counter-extremism campaigners were invited to a YouTube workshop organised by the OSCT’s Research, Information and Communications Unit (RICU). "As you know, we at RICU are supporting a network of civil society groups such as yours to build your communications capabilities,” the invitation said. READ: Extreme YouTube: 18 ways the media and politicians lost control Google has however come under pressure to do more to tackle online extremism after advertisements paid for by the UK government and prominent companies were placed alongside videos uploaded to YouTube by white supremacists and on websites linked to Hezbollah and Hizb ut-Tahrir. Rudd last week said it was "completely unacceptable" that the UK's intelligence services were unable to access encrypted messaging services after it was revealed that Khalid Masood, the man who carried out last week's Westminster attack, had sent a message using the Facebook-owned WhatsApp platform shortly beforehand.  "It is completely unacceptable, there should be no place for terrorists to hide. We need to make sure organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other," said Rudd. "We need to make sure that our intelligence services have the ability to get into situations like encrypted WhatsApp." The UK is already considered to have some of the most draconian surveillance powers in the world since the Investigatory Powers Act, which legalised the bulk surveillance of all internet activity, became law in November last year. Amnesty International said the act "threatens to have devastating consequences for privacy and other human rights in the UK and beyond". Read more:  EXCLUSIVE: Google working with UK on counter-extremism #Prevent Google-hosted Muslim leaders summit linked to Home Office Prevent unit #Prevent WhatsApp encryption: UK wants access after London attack #LondonAttack View the discussion thread. Recommended reading Michael Flynn offers testimony to intelligence committee for immunity #Trump 3 hours 31 min ago Trinidadian militant Shane Crawford put on US terror list #IslamicState 8 hours 31 min ago Nikki Haley champions Israel's anti-BDS policy #Boycott 10 hours 10 min ago Israeli cabinet approves first new West Bank settlement in 20 years #Occupation 9 hours 14 min ago High-tech war kit can't prevent civilian deaths in Iraq #IraqatWar 15 min 8 sec ago #Prevent Follow the story EXCLUSIVE: Google working with UK on counter-extremism 2 days 19 hours ago UK government policies make terror threat worse, says former minister 1 week 14 hours ago 'Homegrown': The play that exposed limit of UK's 'risk averse culture' 1 week 3 days ago Baroness Warsi condemns UK's Prevent strategy as 'broken, toxic' 1 week 5 days ago From IRA to Islamic State: Moazzam Begg on UK's age of 'unprecedented terror' Moazzam Begg 1 week 6 days ago Recommended Topics #EgyptTurmoil #IslamicState #Refugees #ThirdIntifada #TurkeyChooses Quick links Home #Topics News In Depth Columns Essays Multimedia Back to top Countries Algeria Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Israel Jordan Kuwait Lebanon Libya Mauritania Morocco Oman Palestine Qatar Saudi Arabia Sudan Syria Tunisia Turkey United Arab Emirates Yemen More About us Cookie policy Privacy policy Terms and conditions RSS feed Contact © Middle East Eye 2014 - all rights reserved. Only England and Wales jurisdiction apply in all legal matters. 
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung Galaxy A5 & A7: Australian Review Huawei Mate 9: Australian Review Oppo R9s: Australian Review Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews North Face Access Pack: Australian Review Building The IKEA Bike Is A Pain Worth Suffering Through Samsung Powerbot VR9300 Robot Vacuum Cleaner: Australian Review DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews Review: Like Its Star, The LEGO Batman Movie Tries Way Too Hard To Be Cool The Power Rangers Movie Doesn't Actually Want To Be A Power Rangers Movie Life Is The Next Great Leap Forward For Science Fiction Horror Female-Fronted Horror Anthology XX Finds The Dread In Domesticity  Review: Like Its Star, The LEGO Batman Movie Tries Way Too Hard To Be Cool The Power Rangers Movie Doesn't Actually Want To Be A Power Rangers Movie Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets North Korean Defector Describes The Shock Of Adjusting To A Society With Advanced Technology A Squishy Robotic Octopus Tentacle Might Not Actually Be Nightmare Fuel How I Let Disney Track My Every Move Every '90s Kid Will Want This Transforming Power Rangers Megazord LEGO Set Mobile 9 Things To Know About The Samsung Galaxy S8 And Bixby Deals: Get These Extra Long Lightning Cables For 70% Off ACCC Won't Let Australia's Banks Work Together To Boycott Apple Pay Samsung's Latest Ad Is Actually Hilarious Car Tech Uber Is Trying To Keep Its Court Battle With Google Out Of The Public Eye The World's Fastest Dodgem Car Is Your Childhood Dreams Come True Report: Former British PM David Cameron Encouraged London Mayor To Drop Uber Regulations Which Character Caused The Most Damage In The 'Fast And The Furious' Movies? Online This Is Almost Certainly FBI Director James Comey's Twitter Account The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You've Never Heard Of) Oculus Founder Palmer Luckey No Longer At Facebook [Updated] Twitter Just Ruined Twitter Science & Health Freaky Experiment Allows Tadpoles To See Out Of Eyes Implanted On Their Tails The Plan To Bring A Little Bit Of Venus Back To Earth Our Greatest Geological Discovery Is This Chocolate Boulder With Edible Candy Geodes Inside This Tyrannosaur Used A 'Sixth Sense' To Hunt Its Prey Cameras Carrying A Flying Camera Drone Results In Some Beautifully Stabilised Shots Rediscovered 1920s Home Movies Are The First To Show The White House In Colour This Nest Security Flaw Is Remarkably Stupid UK Testing Out Drone Army To Beef Up Its Already Robust Surveillance State  Computing How To Get The Windows 10 Creators Update Early A '90s Version Of Snapchat Would Have Been A Whole Lot Less Confusing 8 Apps That Actually Make The Most Of An Android Tablet Windows Creators Update Is Full Of Neat Tricks You'll Never Use Gaming Superman Isn't The Only Bad Guy In Injustice 2 It's The Guardians Vs. Thanos In The First Trailer For Telltale's Guardians Of The Galaxy Game 'Monument Valley' Developers Just Released An Interactive Meditation App Watch The Halo World Championships Live (Thanks To Twitter) Entertainment There's A Scene In Alien: Covenant That Shows Destruction On A Whole New Horrific Level The American Gods Title Sequence Is A Trippy Neon Nightmare New Footage From Justice League, Wonder Woman And Aquaman Hits All The Right Notes Everything You Need To Know About Streaming Games Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You've Never Heard Of) Deals: Get These Extra Long Lightning Cables For 70% Off In Defence Of The Bin Chicken Scientists Found A Link Between Electromagnetic Field Exposure And Motor Neurone Disease 9 Things To Know About The Samsung Galaxy S8 And Bixby Alex Cranz Mar 31, 2017, 4:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  bixby samsung samsung unpacked 2017 Share Samsung's Galaxy S8 is very important because, as you probably know, Samsung is in a bit of trouble. The Note7 explosions from last winter continue to haunt the company, and Samsung's leadership is currently embroiled in a scandal that is, to put it gently, totally bananas. The company needs a big win lest it be consigned to the punchline of late night talkshow hosts. So let's stop talking about how bad the last six months have been for Samsung, and let's start talking about Samsung's new phone, which is available for pre-order today, and goes on sale April 28. It will retail for $1199, while the larger S8 Plus will retail for $1349. Images: Alex Cranz/Gizmodo The Galaxy S8 looks like the phone Samsung has been trying to build for the last few years. Its display dominates the design unlike any other device available, and the integration of Bixby, its newly acquired AI assistant, lets Samsung compete with Google and Apple in a new and, at least for Samsung, unprecedented way. We've only spent a few precious moments with the device, and we'll have a full review closer to its release date, but for now, here are nine things you should know about the Galaxy S8. 1. Samsung has all but murdered the bezel and it looks great Aspect ratios seem to be the rage this year for smartphone companies. First LG announced the G6, with its bizarre 21:9 aspect ratio, and now Samsung has the S8 and S8 Plus with their 18.5:9 ratio. That's just a little wider than the traditional 16:9, when you're holding it in landscape orientation. The extra width all comes out of the bezel, which has basically disappeared. There's a tiny black bar at the top and bottom of the phone. The bezel remaining at the top of the device hides the 8-megapixel front-facing camera. There's also a tiny sliver of bezel on the bottom. In a briefing, a Samsung rep proudly boasted that 83 per cent of the front of the device is screen. The S8 comes in two sizes, the 5.8-inch Galaxy S8 and the 6.2-inch Galaxy S8 Plus. Both are 2960 x 1440. For those who care, the S8 has a pixel density of 570 per inch, while the S8 Plus has a pixel density of 529 per inch. While we have no idea how that extra screen is going to affect battery life (more screen usually means less battery) the effect is striking. This looks like a very pretty phone from the front. 2) The Home button is gone In addition to hacking away at the bezel, Samsung also killed the Home button. If you want a dedicated little nubbin on the front of your phone you can finger blindly while it's still in your purse or pocket, then you'll need to invest in another phone. The S8's Home button, as well as the Back and Menu buttons, are now entirely software based, as they are on the Google Pixel. 3) The colour choices in Australia are so boring I bet you can't even remember what the colours are Last year, Samsung had a very nice looking blue phone that suggested a little colour was finally creeping into the phone market. Other phone makers followed suit — Apple even released a bright red phone earlier this month. Unfortunately, the new S8 will only be available in three colours in Australia, and they're a profoundly boring grey, black and gold. 4) Why is that the fingerprint scanner? Killing the bezel and the home button means there's no room for a fingerprint scanner on the front of the S8. Rather than do away with the fingerprint scanner entirely (the S8 can also be secured with your eye iris or your face), Samsung moved the button to the back of the phone. It's right next to the 12-megapixel rear camera, which means you'll probably be getting greasy finger oil all over the camera lens as you blindly try to open your phone with a tap. 5) Samsung Dex is the computer in a phone we've been promised since the Moto Lapdock One of the biggest surprises is Dex, a dock you hook up to your monitor and keyboard that lets you turn the S8 into a tiny, slick, desktop computer. This is something Android phone makers have been promising us for years. Back in 2011 Motorola even launched a phone with a dock that doubled as a laptop. But that thing was a failure. It was slow and the desktop version of Android was unappealing and cheap feeling. The S8 has a super-fast, 10nm-based processor (depending on what country you live in, it's a Snapdragon 835 or a Samsung-built processor unit) so it is, in many ways, faster than many of the processors found in ultra budget Windows and Linux PCs. Samsung's S8 desktop computer experience seems very natural. You just drop the phone into the Dex dock, which uses NFC to to launch the desktop mode — no fiddling with plugging anything in. The desktop experience strongly resembles Windows — a nice change of pace from the desktop version of Android on the Galaxy Tab S3. And if you, like me, don't really like Android for heavy-duty computing, then the Dex also has a virtual Windows 10 solution. That's intended for businesses, which often force their employees to stream Windows 10 from a central server, but it should work for regular people too. 6) Bixby looks great on paper Samsung is now competing with the big boys when it comes to AI in a phone. Bixby is Samsung's answer to Apple's Siri and Google's Assistant. Like those phone AIs, Bixby can be activated by voice or by touching an activation button (Samsung is very proud of its button). We're not sure how smart Bixby is compared to Siri or Assistant just yet, but we do know it can translate 52 spoken languages. Siri does around 30. Google does not have an official estimate for how many languages Assistant translates, but it's approximately the same number as Siri. Besides acting as a kind of universal translator, Bixby can also search for things via photo — something Siri is incapable of and Assistant struggles with. It also automatically delivers any requested information via a much more attractive card than the display that pop up when using Assistant or Siri. We won't be sure how smart Bixby is until we get some more time with it, but on paper, it appears to be a worthy adversary to the two titans of mobile AI. 7) Bixby recognises photos of backpacks but doesn't know what the Samsung Galaxy S8 is Bixby's image recognition ability appears to be pretty incredible. With a quick button press Bixby opens the camera and asks to be pointed at whatever needs identifying. We pointed the phone at a backpack and it instantly found bags a similar colour. But Bixby is not infallible. We tried to get it to look at a Samsung Galaxy S8, at the time still a device made up of leaks and rumours, and it struggled to identify itself, and instead pulled up the ancient LG G2. 8) Samsung still cares about VR, even if you don't Besides announcing a new phone and a new AI, Samsung also took the time to announce some VR news. Mobile VR is where most of the VR sales are happening, so it makes sense that Samsung would continue to embrace the medium — even if most consumers really haven't. The two big updates are a controller for the Oculus-powered Gear VR headset, and an updated 360 camera. The old Gear 360 camera resembled a golf ball, but the new one looks more like a golf ball on a tee, as the stand is now built in. Meanwhile the Gear VR controller resembles another Android product — specifically, Google's Daydream controller. It also seems to function like the Daydream controller: It has a touch pad for navigation and a trigger for blasting aliens or clicking on menus, as well as some spatial awareness. The Gear VR controller runs on Bluetooth and Samsung claims you will get nearly 30 to 40 days of use out of the two AA batteries inside, provided you only play about two hours a day. The controller will ship with all new Gear VR headsets, but Samsung promises a version sold independently for current Gear VR owners who want to upgrade. 9) Samsung's smart home features are starting to look actually smart My personal favourite announcement wasn't isn't the bezel-free phone, or the Siri clone. It was the work Samsung is doing in the smart home space. Samsung announced a bevy of smart TVs and appliances at CES back in January, and this week it announced a mesh router system. There's no word on pricing, but the Samsung Connect Home and Samsung Connect Home Pro are both 802.11 AC mesh routers with a Samsung SmartThings hub built in — the only difference being the Connect Home Pro has a larger 4x4 antenna versus the perfectly adequate 2x2 antenna in the regular connect. The built-in Samsung SmartThings hub connects all Samsung smart devices, as well as support for a ton of smart lights, shades, and thermostats. And to control all those devices you can use a Google Home or Amazon Echo (unavailable in Australia), or you can use Bixby on your S8, or you can use the smart home app, which is integrated directly into the S8's notification menus. Smart homes rely on a unified ecosystem, and at the moment, Samsung appears to have the most robust one. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments velt @velt Mar 31, 2017, 4:18pm Don't like the position and shape of that fingerprint scanner Reply 1 Zombie Jesus @zombiejesus Mar 31, 2017, 4:55pm It's in a great spot for me, but maybe I just have long fingers. My index finger rests about a centimetre from that spot on my current phone, I'd barely have to move it to hit the sensor. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now The Galaxy S8 Is Samsung's Biggest (And Safest) Bet Yet Campbell Simpson 30 Mar 2017 2:00 AM The brand new Samsung Galaxy S8, just introduced to the world at Unpacked in New York, is Samsung's best phone ever. It's the most powerful, with an innovative screen and a design that's incredibly refined. It has Bixby, a voice agent that wants to be just as useful and integral to your phone as touch already is. It has a new motion-sensitive Gear VR headset and works with a new high-resolution Gear 360 camera. At the same time, there's no one standout feature or gimmick with the new phone from the world's largest phone maker that makes you go wow -- after travelling the rocky road paved by the Galaxy Note7, Samsung is concentrating on getting the basics right with the S8 and larger S8+. Amazon Is Coming To Australia In 2018 Chris Jager 29 Mar 2017 12:00 PM Amazon's Australian rollout plan has just been laid out by a former executive of the company - and we finally have a launch date. From next year, Australians will reportedly be able to use the online shopping service to purchase a huge variety of products, including groceries, clothing, electronics and even takeaway food. Here are all the services Australia will be getting. from fresh food delivery to Amazon Prime Now. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Get These Extra Long Lightning Cables For 70% Off Deals: Netflix And Chill Around The Globe With This Unblocker Deals: Boost Your Mac's Functionality With This App Bundle Deals: Charge Your iPhone 7 And Listen to Music With These 2-In-1 Cables Trending Articles 1 The Galaxy S8 Is Samsung's Biggest (And Safest) Bet Yet 2 Amazon Is Coming To Australia In 2018 3 9 Things To Know About The Samsung Galaxy S8 And Bixby Superman Isn't The Only Bad Guy In Injustice 2 The Plan To Bring A Little Bit Of Venus Back To Earth It's The Guardians Vs. Thanos In The First Trailer For Telltale's Guardians Of The Galaxy Game 9 Things To Know About The Samsung Galaxy S8 And Bixby Podcast: Ron Gilbert, Zelda Secrets, Returning To Destiny Blizzard Shuts Down Mod Aiming To Make World Of Warcraft's Story Better Zelda Player Beats Guardian In Underpants On A Horse Street Fighter 5 Fans Are Proving Akuma Sucks By Obliterating Him In Two Combos YouTube Roundup: Watch The Best Online Videos Of The Week Would You Rather Get $1 Million Or $5000 A Month For Retirement? When Meditation Doesn't Work, Try Journaling To Stay Sane Six Questions We Have About Amazon Shopping In Australia The 10 most important things in the world right now Here's what economists are saying about APRA's latest measures to reduce housing market risks The Australian government has joined the YouTube advertiser boycott 10 things you need to know in markets today © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out British Columbia LIVE Vancouver More Streams CBC Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada BC Vancouver non-profit app developers win $750K prize from Google PeaceGeeks won Google Impact Challenge to develop app to help refugees navigate life in Canada CBC News Posted: Mar 30, 2017 10:00 PM PT Last Updated: Mar 30, 2017 10:00 PM PT PeaceGeeks previously developed the Services Advisor app, seen here. (Charlie Cho / CBC) Related Stories Vancouver app aims to connect refugees with needed services Vancouver app helps Syrian refugees track humanitarian services in camps A Vancouver tech non-profit has won a prestigious award from Google. PeaceGeeks won the Google Impact Challenge Thursday in Toronto and will receive $750,000 to develop an app to help refugees navigate their new lives in Canada. "It was incredibly exciting," founder Renee Black told On The Coast host Stephen Quinn. "It's a game changer for us." Vancouver app aims to connect refugees with needed services PeaceGeeks previously developed an app called Services Advisor that assists refugees in camps in Jordan, Turkey and Somalia find survival essentials using their smart phones, like shelter, food, and medical assistance. Their upcoming app is called Pathways, and it aims to connect them with things like language classes, housing and employment services in Canada. "35 per cent of immigrants are not aware of the services available to them. That means you have a situation where you've got doctors and engineers driving taxis," Black said. "That's just a real loss of the potential of the talent we have coming to this country." Syrian refugees get PeaceGeeks app to track services in camps The app will have special focus on women, Black says, who face more barriers as refugees. Black says over the next few months, PeaceGeeks will be working with immigrant services groups to develop and pilot the app. Listen to the full interview: With files from CBC Radio One's On The Coast Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Burns Lake Smithers Vancouver Clear 7°C Kelowna Clear 5°C Abbotsford Partly Cloudy 5°C Prince George Clear 1°C Victoria Partly Cloudy 7°C More Weather Latest British Columbia News New Westminster pub worker died after falling on meat slicer — WorkSafeBC investigating Drunk driver tearfully apologizes to families of 3 people he killed 'It is illegal': City tells developer to stop short-term rentals B.C. folk artists, banjo makers rise from ashes after shop burns down audio Vancouver non-profit app developers win $750K prize from Google audio Top News Headlines Canadian family grounded because father signed child's passport 'General Flynn has a story to tell': Disgraced ex-Trump adviser could give testimony Translator, negotiator and keeper of a dark secret: Robert Hall's girlfriend on surviving hostage-taking video Test your knowledge of these life-changing Canadian inventions Drunk driver tearfully apologizes to families of 3 people he killed Most Viewed New Westminster pub worker died after falling on meat slicer — WorkSafeBC investigating Drunk driver tearfully apologizes to families of 3 people he killed Gino Odjick was supposed to be dead but instead he's hosting a film about NHL tough guys 'It is illegal': City tells developer to stop short-term rentals Meet the woman who saves a life a day on Surrey's 135A Street strip Archeological find affirms Heiltsuk Nation's oral history Vancouver non-profit app developers win $750K prize from Google 'It's abominable': Vancouver mayor reacts to overdose deaths North Vancouver runner set to begin gruelling '100 mile' Barkley Marathons Don't Miss New Westminster pub worker died after falling on meat slicer — WorkSafeBC investigating Drunk driver tearfully apologizes to families of 3 people he killed 'It is illegal': City tells developer to stop short-term rentals Pharis and Jason Romero rise from ashes after fire Vancouver non-profit developers wins $750 K from Google North Vancouver runner set to begin gruelling '100 mile' Barkley Marathons 'It's abominable': Vancouver mayor reacts to overdose deaths Provinces poised to sign historic Canadian Free Trade Agreement in April UVic student with autism wants to graduate with everyone else NDP wants an explanation for B.C. Liberal MLA's controversial photo ops Gino Odjick was supposed to be dead but instead he's hosting a film about NHL tough guys Langley road rage attack leaves driver with broken bones, concussion City councillor aims to eliminate plastic produce stickers Spring beers offer diverse mash-up of flavours Silt clay and water damage likely the cause of land movement in Pinaus Lake area Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 40 Plus 1 on G+ 75 Share on Facebook 89 Share on Twitter Total Shares204 Android O News Videos Series: Android O Feature Spotlights This article is part of our Android O Feature Spotlights series.Previous ArticleShow AllNext Article ... 66 30. All the Android O features we've found so far [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/25 7:38am PDTMar 25, 2017 51 31. [Update: more details] Android O feature spotlight: Notification Channels give more controls over notifications to users 2017/03/28 10:15am PDTMar 28, 2017 37 32. Android O feature spotlight: Text selection dialog now has icons and contextual actions 2017/03/28 11:29am PDTMar 28, 2017 35 33. Android O feature spotlight: There's now a progress bar for sideloading APKs 2017/03/28 12:44pm PDTMar 28, 2017 68 34. Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 View All 34 Articles In This Series Android O was revealed last week, and Google talked about the neat stuff it can do via blog posts and videos. We didn't get all the little details—those nice touches that make you smile, realizing Google takes design seriously these days. Case in point, there's a rad new animation when you open and close the notification shade. Let's watch, shall we? The above video is shown at normal speed. Notice how the icons are in that bottom strip as you open the shade. Then, they slide up as the notification they are connected to is revealed. That's cool, but it looks even cooler in slow motion.   In the above video, that same animation is playing out at one-tenth speed (this is also the case for the GIF up top).  The icons sort of float across the screen to take up their position. When you close the notifications, the icons slip back down and line up. This looks a bit like a shrunken down version of the quick settings close animation. It won't fundamentally alter the experience on Android O, but it's still cool. Tags android o animations feature spotlight series_android_o_feature_spotlights video subscribe ... Previous Story Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video ... ... Next Story TWRP adds support for the Honor 6X, Wileyfox Swift 2X, and more Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Jordan Khoviteri-Zadeh https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2e70b5d92ff6527802b46729341397b0791b1e86601708ea1d2e2d116960d6e9.gif StephaniePeterson11 > ......................... http://deliciousurl.com//39 waloody88 wow so cool :) too bad my nexus 6 will never get it :( Dirk Maybe not officially, ;-) Bewear It WILL get it, via LineageOS or any other custom ROM. You know, Nexus devices never really die... Latheryin You are missing the fact that all of Google latest code is 64 bit and the nexus 6 is 32 bit so the code is not really portable. Bewear Oh, you are right. Well, I certainly expect that some effort will be made by communities, like with ARMv6 devices. Latheryin I have spoken with many and as they are old school they know what it will entail and they have already said they are not even bothering. Many even changed devices off of the nexus 6 to the 6p because it is 64 bit. Bewear It seems I will have to jump ship soon, then, since my device is 32 bit too. Twitler What are you ? a sheap ? Don't change a Nexus at least 3-4 years.Not worth the upgrade since commnunity will take care of Nexus line better than Google ever did. Bewear The only Nexus I actually own is the Nexus 4, so I know how they can be kept alive, though it's not my main device anymore. My current device is the Moto MAXX, which is quite similar to the Nexus 6. Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher Rather looks like some animation glitch Martin I thought so too in the slow motion version, but thought it looked better at normal speed. SHunter That or Hangouts... Zsolt V Yes, and they should reassign all janitors and cafeteria workers to help out with the effort, too. P.s. I thought an inane comment like this would have been the top one. Surprised it's only #3. Suicide_Note Amazing. Maxr1998 Noticed it immediately after updating, made me smile ;) Love the attention to detail that Google is showing here! MicroNix All it does is add extra work for the SOC m477 Yeah, they should ditch the GUI altogether. Everything more than a command line is waste of resources. Nicholas Conrad Zomg, how about putting dev resources to anything else? Kehnin Dyer ui guys are BORED Nick Coad I think commenters here frequently seem to have a strange view of how software gets developed. Like people seem to think that you have 20 devs (for example) and they sit and work 100% on a single animation for four days or something. There are so many things wrong with that. Leonardo Baez This.. My god, how people can be so limited in their vision? Henry Park Because a lot of people don't know how developing software works let alone taken a programming class NothingUnknown It was either this or another messaging app. Take your pick. PVL_93_RU Looks kinda iffy, like the icons lag behind the shade Leonardo Baez 1/10th of real speed on the videos... In real speed you will not even notice Good_Ole_Pinocchio I have the new Pixel Launcher on my 6p and the "bounce" animation the Icons in these videos show, happens to the app drawer shade when I unlock the phone. Not sure how long that's been there but I just noticed it. Almost like it's saying "Hey, you can swipe up here" Abhishek Das https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/442cfb7a3fd2ab0deba7f11a64708d1a81c49b54f98d7b2e82ca4673541370df.jpg 😆😄 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d854815208e8ebd194c840a407251882b40ee69f742aa280a190fa9353c47ebe.png m477 Please stop. Konrad Krawczuk I hope its some kind of animation glitch. Looks absolutely awful. Minimalism is the key... Vivek Rameses Yeah, that is god awful. Probably a bug. Latheryin So this is what they work on while the OS has tons of issues that are far more pressing. Way to go Google. With how pointless it is there is no mistaking it came from the Google design team that I and many others are confident are pretty much blind. So yeah makes sense. Nick Coad I don't get your complaint, do you think the same people who fix low level OS bugs are working on UI animations? Is that what you actually believe? Latheryin I Believe in team work. If one fails they all fail. And the UI people have their own epic fails as of late. Nick Coad I don't understand how that's relevant to what you posted. You seem to think that this animation somehow means the OS issues are being ignored, but in reality those things are developed by different groups of people. It's like people think that they have a list of tasks and they set the entire team on each task one after the other. That's just not how it works, they will be simultaneously working on lots of shit at once across the whole team. Latheryin And it goes to show how bad that fails. Too many cooks in kitchen. They are being ignored. Just look at the shut down issue for all nexus and pixel devices after 7.0. You must never have worked on a multi-team project. Had you, then you would know that it doesn't matter what team fails. If one does the whole project fails. mchalakov I'm interested in the fails that the "UI people" did recently? Latheryin Quick tiles (waste of space) material design (text book juvenile colors) tool bars at the top of the device when they are only getting bigger. Should I keep going. Matthew Gardner That's an amazing non-response you just gave. Ever considered a career in politics? Latheryin Politics? No thanks. I have self honor. So not an option. It was an answer. It doesn't matter what part of the project fails. Give them a by because it wasn't there team is the same as a participating trophy. Both are BS. Martin Of course, how else would it work? On an unrelated note, I yelled at a gardener today. What the heck is he doing planting flowers, when he could be out fighting crime?! Nick Coad They need to slow down the speed just a tiny amount, but other than that it's a great effect. Filipe Santos Okay, now stop Google, it's too much dblock Anyone else think this doesn't look clean at all? Something about the icon beginning beneath the notification text just doesn't look good to me. Lord Argyris It's interesting how the overshoot the icons do when sliding into position isn't obvious until you see it in slow motion. I imagine if they didn't do that, the animation would look unnatural, with the icons seemingly "sticking" upon ending up in their respective notifications. A real object that moved like that and landed somewhere would bounce a bit, and so do these icons. Attention to detail--that was what Material Design was all about before we started chasing after circular icon windmills and endless UI churn. Ploppy Why would you animate something on top of something else... Nick Coad I don't even know how to respond to this. ericshmerick Gimmick gonna get old quick. BBpost Did they finally fix the issue where you get a notification beep about archiving a gmail or dismissing an exchange notification? It's really annoying when you clear out a dozen notifications and then get 12 instant notification beeps for notifications that instantly disappear. mchalakov Don't put too much thinking in this. It's just a simple animation to make someone(who notice it) smile. You know easter egg style ;) Willie Chalmers III I'm a bit indifferent to the animation change. I like the fact it's there, but maybe it's more suited to being a fade in of some kind. This doesn't feel too much like material design. Burak Çalık Its actually very good, but slow-motion view makes it look bad. mattcoz Agreed, looks terrible because the icon moves over the text. Luckily at full speed that isn't noticeable. instinct I think the opposite. We should argue about this. Ramon Add more lag to the OS. Real nice Google. Optimize more first. MeCampbell30 Looks better in slow motion to me. Looks kinda janky at regular speed. instinct I thought the same thing, It's too fast where it almost just seems to appear as if it took time to load. Fernando Pena I would never notice that if it wasn't for this post. That animation is SO FAST. I can barely see it... Mr. Spock It looks more like a bug than a feature. brolivar I could watch this all day DragoCubed It looks so good in slow motion but in real time it's simply too fast. Tahir firoz Wow 217 applications updated klaus muster ApK teardown please Car Parking Car Parking Driving Simulator is a fantastic game! It’s the best way to understand all the rules of driving and also get to exercise them interesting, however only ten challenges that we did not find everything difficult. Perfect for what it was, although not much depth. Download Link is here... https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cyberlogics.parking Vic Chai janky af. Maleko Cool? It looks like a childs idea. Just because you can animate it, doesn't mean you should. Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 214 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 6 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 724 1 Year Ago Today LG G5 Review: A Bit Of A Mess, Frankly 2016/03/31 1:41pm PDTMar 31, 2016 116 2 Years Ago Today WhatsApp Voice Calls Are Open To All In Version 2.12.19 — No Invites Needed 2015/03/31 12:45am PDTMar 31, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today [April Fools] HTC Reinvents The Nintendo Power Glove As HTC Gluuv, Makes The Same Basic Joke As Samsung 2014/03/31 8:41pm PDTMar 31, 2014 30 4 Years Ago Today Review: Jawbone UP + Android – A Baby Step Toward Truly Powerful Wearable Tech 2013/03/31 2:35pm PDTMar 31, 2013 28 5 Years Ago Today [Updated x2: Captivate, Vibrant Too] CyanogenMod 9 Nightly Builds Now Available On The Samsung Galaxy S i9000/i9000B, Captivate, And Vibrant 2012/03/31 4:02pm PDTMar 31, 2012 14 6 Years Ago Today Google's Android Market Copyright Infringement Form Wins The Troll Awards - Just Says 'crap' Upon Submission (Not An April Fool's Joke) 2011/03/31 11:28pm PDTMar 31, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Confirmed: HTC EVO 4G Will Run Froyo - The Next Version Of Android 2010/03/31 11:43pm PDTMar 31, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 49 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 67 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 127 queries | 0.559s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 26 Plus 1 on G+ 46 Share on Facebook 31 Share on Twitter Total Shares103 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Article Contents 1 Teardown 1.1 Video previews and auto-play 1.2 code 1.3 User-defined actions, meet IFTTT 1.4 code 1.5 Prevent accidental and unauthorized purchases (on phones) 1.6 code 1.7 Toggle for auto-added app icons 2 Download A new version of the Google app began rolling out earlier this week, but there don't appear to be any major changes going live quite yet. However, this version does bring some big clues about upcoming changes. On the docket for this teardown is a new authentication step for purchases made through Google Assistant, video previews in search results, user-defined actions take form through IFTTT, and some people will be happy to find out that Google's launcher won't always add icons for newly installed apps. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Video previews and auto-play These days, it's pretty common to perform a Google search and get back more than just a page of links to websites. In fact, it's almost weird not to get back at least a few video suggestions, image results, or even knowledge graph info. With regular results, you'll see text previews that tell you what to expect when you get to a page. However, videos don't afford the same clues about what you're going to get, only a thumbnail, and it's usually chosen by the creator. That's going to change as Google prepares to show video previews in search results. The evidence for video previews actually comes in the form of a new setting (not currently live) that will allow users to turn video previews off. Seeing as people aren't actually seeing video previews in search results, this is a pretty good hint of what's to come. This wouldn't be Google's first foray into showing video previews, it actually became a feature on the web search results around early 2011. Users could click on a little magnifying glass for "instant previews" of pages and videos. That feature vanished at some point, but there's no denying that it can be pretty useful. code <string name="video_preference_title">Video</string> <string name="video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_title">Network</string> <string name="video_preview_autoplay_on_wifi_preference_desc">Play video previews automatically on Wi-Fi</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay">Autoplay</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data">Allow on mobile networks</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_preference">enableVideoPreviewAutoplayOnMobileDataPreference</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay_preference">enableVideoPreviewAutoplayPreference</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_network_preference_category">enableVideoPreviewNetworkPreferenceCategory</string> /res/xml/video_preference_header.xml <preference-headers xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <header android:id="@id/video_header" android:title="@string/video_preference_title" android:fragment="com.google.android.apps.gsa.staticplugins.videopreference.VideoPreferenceFragment" /> </preference-headers> /res/xml/video_preference.xml <PreferenceScreen android:id="@id/video_preference_screen" xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <SwitchPreference android:persistent="false" android:title="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay" android:key="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay_preference" android:summary="@string/video_preview_autoplay_on_wifi_preference_desc" android:defaultValue="true" /> <PreferenceCategory android:title="@string/video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_title" android:key="@string/enable_video_preview_network_preference_category"> <SwitchPreference android:persistent="false" android:title="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data" android:key="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_preference" android:defaultValue="false" /> </PreferenceCategory> </PreferenceScreen> I won't go into making predictions about web results, but it's pretty clear mobile users are going to see video previews when they use Google's search bar. How will they work and what will they look like? That I can't say for sure, but the evidence strongly suggests they'll actually auto-play, which means the thumbnails will probably disappear shortly after coming into view and frames of the video will begin running. I assume they won't begin playing audio, because that would be horrible. The auto-play setting all of this is based upon will obviously be useful for turning this feature off, which you may want to do for data conservation, or if you simply find sudden motion annoying. Wi-Fi and cellular connections can be enabled or disabled individually, but the defaults are naturally set so only Wi-Fi is enabled when this feature goes live. The one thing I notice that's missing is a way to start a preview if the auto-play setting is switched off. Perhaps this isn't included in the app itself, but will be delivered as part of Google's results, or maybe that's not actually going to be a feature, but it leads me to think Google might not be ready to launch this quite yet. User-defined actions, meet IFTTT Back in August, shortly after Google Assistant code first appeared in public releases, we got a look at the early stages of user-defined actions. When launch day came, there was no obvious sign that this feature had actually made the cut, nor were there many changes to any related text or resources since then. That is, until now. New strings reveal that Google is integrating the popular IFTTT (If-This-Then-That) service to handle custom user actions. code <string name="user_defined_action_ifttt_action_section_title">IFTTT actions</string> <string name="user_defined_action_menu_save_button">Save</string> <string name="user_defined_action_paused_action_section_title">Paused actions</string> <string name="user_defined_action_speech_recognition_prompt_text">When I say Okay Google…</string> <string name="user_defined_action_target_command_hint">Google Assistant should do</string> <string name="user_defined_action_action_list_section_title">Learned actions</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_action_section_title">Teach your assistant to…</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_do_action_title">Do something</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_ifttt_action_title">Create IFTTT action</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_say_action_title">Say something</string> <string name="user_defined_action_delete_confirmation_cancel_text">CANCEL</string> <string name="user_defined_action_delete_confirmation_delete_text">DELETE</string> <string name="user_defined_action_delete_confirmation_text">Are you sure you want to delete this action?</string> New Layouts /res/layout/assistant_user_defined_action_do_editor_layout.xml /res/layout/assistant_user_defined_action_say_editor_layout.xml New preference screen /res/xml/user_defined_action_preference_screen.xml <PreferenceScreen xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_create_action_header_key" android:order="0" /> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_active_action_category_key" android:order="1" /> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_paused_action_category_key" android:order="2" /> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_ifttt_action_category_key" android:order="3" /> </PreferenceScreen> <string name="assistant_settings_active_action_category_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionActiveActionsCategoryKey</string> <string name="assistant_settings_create_action_header_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionCreateActionHeaderKey</string> <string name="assistant_settings_ifttt_action_category_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionIFTTTActionsCategoryKey</string> <string name="assistant_settings_paused_action_category_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionPausedActionsCategoryKey</string> This might feel a bit anticlimactic since many of us have already been using IFTTT with Google Assistant. There's no reason to expect changes to that base functionality, Google is simply building a native interface for creating these actions. On the plus side, it means we don't have to use IFTTT's website... And that's definitely a good thing. (It's not a great site.) ifttt_logo There are also no clues to indicate how capable these actions are going to be. IFTTT's "Applets" are effectively made up of two parts: a service that triggers an event, and the action that is performed in response. In this case, the trigger is obviously going to be Google Assistant, and it will listen for a user-defined phrase. What isn't clear is how much control users will have to define the resulting actions; basically, if they'll have the same range of services and options for configurability as they would on the site, or if the interface will offer a limited set of options. Prevent accidental and unauthorized purchases (on phones) Purchases made through voice-activated gadgets have been a bit of a hot topic lately, particularly thanks to a series of incidents involving the Amazon Echo. A few weeks ago, Google Assistant gained some similar shopping capabilities; and while there haven't been any reports of accidental or unauthorized purchases yet, it's only a matter of time unless something is done to prevent it. Google is already working on a solution. According to new text in the app, users will soon have the option to require an additional authentication step before purchases can be completed. At this time, the only standard method of authentication is a fingerprint, which should be enough for most people. Of course, if you are using a device without a fingerprint reader, or chose not to set up a fingerprint for use on your phone, this won't do much for you. It's also noted that if authentication is set to not be required, "suspicious behavior" may still trigger a check. If this happens, it looks like a password will be necessary to complete the purchase. code <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_title">Authentication</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_section_title">Purchases on this device</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_page_header">Adjust settings for authentication when making purchases using Google Assistant on this device.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_dialog_message">Confirm with password.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_mechanism_title">Fingerprint authentication</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_mechanism_description">Allow your fingerprint to be used as authentication for Google Assistant purchases on this device.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_title">Purchase authentication</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_always">Confirmation required</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_always_required">Required for every purchase</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_never">Confirmation not required</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_never_description">We may ask if suspicious behavior is detected</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_not_required">Not required</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_not_required_detail">We may ask if suspicious behavior is detected</string> New Layouts /res/layout/assistant_payments_phone_authentication_entry.xml /res/layout/assistant_payments_phone_authentication_item.xml /res/layout/assistant_payments_phone_authentication_template.xml This feature is intended to be specific to each device, which currently means it's directed at phones. It's safe to assume there's a plan for Google Home and other voice-only appliances using Assistant, but there's nothing visible yet to indicate how that will work. I would expect a proper solution is still pending the rollout of multiple accounts on Home, at which point the signed-in users will all probably be able to perform the authentication steps on their phones to complete purchases started on Home. This should hopefully put an end to any concerns about accidental and unauthorized purchases resulting from misunderstood conversations, ambient noise, demanding children, or friends with a penchant for pranks. Toggle for auto-added app icons Finally, we get to one of those little features that seem simple, but many people are bothered to no end if they aren't available. I'm talking about the launcher's behavior of automatically adding an icon to a home screen when a new app is installed. Most third-party launchers offer users the freedom to disable this, and it's hit-and-miss for OEMs. Google's launcher counts among the ranks that doesn't give users a choice, but that's about to change. <string name="auto_add_shortcuts_label">Add icon to Home screen</string> <string name="auto_add_shortcuts_description">For new apps</string> From /xml/launcher_preferences.xml <SwitchPreference android:persistent="true" android:title="@string/auto_add_shortcuts_label" android:key="pref_add_icon_to_home" android:summary="@string/auto_add_shortcuts_description" android:defaultValue="true" /> There's not really much more to say about this other than it's placement, which will be at the bottom of the Settings screen alongside the toggles for app suggestions and allow rotation. I'm not sure why it wasn't already activated in this release, but maybe Google is waiting to roll it out remotely at some point in the near future. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 6.16.25 beta APK Mirror Download: Google app (Play Store) Tags apk apk download apk teardown app authentication authorization auto-play autoplay download downloads fingerprint ifttt launcher search results teardown user-defined actions video previews subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Just adding icon to homescreen is already present play store. Isn't it the same function? Suicide_Note That's what i was thinking too. F4LL0U7 Came here to say the same thing. Is there anyone that doesn't already uncheck that box immediately when setting up a new device? Not sure I'd expect to rely on the launcher for that. Also might cause confusion if it's enabled in one place but disabled in the other. abqnm Some third party launchers have their own independent system that doesn't rely on the Play Store setting. But Google and a few third party launchers respect that option. I guess the only thing that's really new here is that it would be an option in the settings for the Google launchers. bekifft Would be nice if they'd implement app shortcuts. Cody Toombs That's already there, but it only works on Android 7.1 and above. bekifft Well that's weird cause I have a Nexus 6P running latest software, all I get are "edit" and "remove". Pan Szym True destinyhud then u r not using google now launcher bekifft No that's true, I'm using Nova, but on literally all sides of the Google app icon are icons with working app shortcuts, some of them are even Google apps. Keep, Chrome, Phone, etc. Cody Toombs Oh, you meant you want the Google app to have app shortcuts. I thought you were asking for the Google launcher to support them (since plenty of people are still confused by how that works). So my question is... What shortcuts do you think it's supposed to have? I can't think of very many things I'd want to have in the app, short of possibly a quick way to reach Settings. bekifft Reminders is the big one for me. If they'd just add that it would be good. Lion5 I have Android 6x on my Galaxy Note 5 and with Nova, App shortcuts seem to work with quite a few apps. Most are the basic edit, remove, etc, but some like Google's apps offer more shortcuts. Corbin Davenport https://www.xkcd.com/1807/ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/1c17825b6718df9d297920ec3e00d49b4e23d8b0b0cbeafb8b0cc1a792522cc1.png Tom Hardy Managing director of Yahoo!, is suggesting folks to learn "Work at home" practice, that Internet marketers have been doing for about twelve months now. This year alone, I generated about $36k until now with no more than my personal pc as well as some extra time, although i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even most people newbie in this, actually make $50/per h easily and the profit can go even higher as time passes... This is how i started >> http://deliciousurl.com//2z XgudwilX runnin 6.16.27.21.arm64 & not seeing this Drunk Squirrel Did you even read the article? The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Grey Will it be able to change my background every eight hours without using Muzei?? Alessandro I thought Google Now Launcher was removed from the available google apps package that OEMs can include to ship with and therefore was discontinued. Wasn't GNL supposed to be removed from the playstore soon? JV Detmer Why not just random spoken words set earlier by the user. With Home? john dave This is new version of the software , let see how well it works. StephaniePeterson11 > ......................... http://deliciousurl.com//39 Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 214 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 90 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Strikethrough Text] WhatsApp Adds Quick Reply From The Notification, Multiple Contact Selection, Solid Wallpaper Colors, And Finally Dumps A Gingerbread Remnant 2016/03/30 1:00am PDTMar 30, 2016 71 2 Years Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Latest Gmail Update Brings Unified Inbox, Conversation View For Non-Gmail Accounts, Better Search, And More 2015/03/30 1:30pm PDTMar 30, 2015 15 3 Years Ago Today Music Boss For Pebble Can Now Control Playback And Volume On Chromecast Content From Your Smartwatch 2014/03/30 12:47pm PDTMar 30, 2014 42 4 Years Ago Today The Ultimate List Of Easter App And Game Sales On The Play Store [Continuously Updated] 2013/03/30 12:31pm PDTMar 30, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Google Launches Translator Toolkit, Makes It Easier To Bridge The Language Gap In Your Apps 2012/03/30 11:37pm PDTMar 30, 2012 18 6 Years Ago Today N64oid, Nintendo 64 Emulator For Android, Was Not Taken Down - It's On Hiatus Pending Performance Improvements 2011/03/30 11:39pm PDTMar 30, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Updated: Verizon Finally Starts Upgrading All Motorola Droid Users to Android 2.1 Today, Pinky Swears This Time 2010/03/30 8:10pm PDTMar 30, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 48 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 65 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 102 queries | 0.988s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Go Search Go Contents Go to bottom site map N. Korea steps up attacks on Park amid signs of diplomacy Latest News Park says S. Korea, U.S. won't tolerate N. Korean provocations Pause Prev Next Search Search Area Search 2013-05-09 (Thursday) Weather 22.8℃Chuncheon 2subscribebuttonsubscribebutton Facebook Twitter Rss Global Navigation HOME NATIONAL Politics/Diplomacy Society NORTH KOREA BUSINESS Industry Economy Market Tech/Science CULTURE/SPORTS Culture Sports KOREAN WAVE K-Wave News K-Wave Photos K-Wave Videos PHOTOS All N. Korea FOCUS Select Language ALL HEADLINES All Headlines Yonhap News Summary 2017/03/31 13:26 Tweet Facebook Share Google +1 Reduce Enlarge Print The following is the first summary of major stories moved by Yonhap News Agency on Friday. ---------------- (2nd LD) Ex-President Park arrested in corruption probe SEOUL -- Former President Park Geun-hye was arrested on Friday in connection with a corruption scandal that led to her removal from office. The Seoul Central District Court issued a warrant to detain Park on charges of bribery, abuse of authority, coercion and leaking government secrets, after a marathon hearing the previous day. ---------------- (2nd LD) Semisubmersible ship carrying Sewol ferry arrives at port JINDO, South Korea -- A semisubmersible ship carrying the ill-fated Sewol ferry arrived at South Korea's southwestern port of Mokpo on Friday. The ship -- escorted by five Coast Guard vessels -- sailed into the port around 1 p.m. The ferry is set to be put in dry dock for a search for the bodies of nine missing people. ---------------- Galaxy S8 may ship with Google's AI program: sources SEOUL -- An artificial program promoted by Google Inc. may ship with Samsung Electronics Co.'s latest smartphone, the Galaxy S8, that will come with the tech giants own Bixby voice support program, the industry sources said Friday. According to the sources, the Galaxy S8, which runs on the Android 7.0 Nougat operating system, will likely have the Google Assistant program, which has similar features to Bixby. ---------------- After arresting Park, prosecution expected to speed up probe into aide, conglomerates SEOUL -- The prosecution is expected to speed up a corruption probe into ousted President Park Geun-hye's former aide and major conglomerates after she was arrested early Friday. The former leader was put into a detention center on charges of bribery, abuse of power, coercion and leaking government secrets, after a marathon hearing the previous day. ---------------- (3rd LD) S. Korea strongly denounces Japan's claim to Dokdo in education guidelines SEOUL -- South Korea on Friday strongly denounced Japan's renewed claim to Korea's easternmost islets in its latest education guidelines and demanded their immediate withdrawal. The Japanese government earlier decided to approve the revised guidelines that call for teaching students in elementary and middle schools that Dokdo belongs to Japan. ---------------- (LEAD) N.K. unveils memoir justifying dual policy of nuclear, economic development SEOUL -- North Korea on Friday released a lengthy memoir marking the fourth anniversary of leader Kim Jong-un's policy of dual pursuit of nuclear and economic development. Four years ago, Kim declared that the country will seek the development of nuclear weapons in tandem with boosting the economy, commonly known as the "byongjin" policy, as the ruling party's official policy line. ---------------- North Korea's nuclear test site becomes suddenly quiet: 38 North WASHINGTON -- Activity at North Korea's nuclear test site has significantly decreased, a move that could mean either test preparations are complete or Pyongyang had pretended a test was on the way, a website monitoring the North said Thursday. According to 38 North, commercial satellite imagery of the North's Punggye-ri nuclear test site shows "considerably less" activity on Wednesday, compared with a day earlier when up to 100 people were seen gathered at the site while the pumping of water out of a test tunnel was under way. ---------------- (3rd LD) Malaysia agrees to send body of Kim Jong-nam to N. Korea SEOUL/BEIJING -- Malaysia released the body of the slain half brother of North Korea's leader to the North, ending a diplomatic row between the two countries over Kim Jong-nam's death. "Malaysia agreed to facilitate the transfer of the body to the family of the deceased in North Korea," according to a joint statement between North Korea and Malaysia carried by the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA). ---------------- (LEAD) U.S. imposes 11.7 percent duty on steel plate imports from POSCO WASHINGTON -- The U.S. Department of Commerce decided Thursday to impose an 11.7 percent duty on carbon and alloy steel plate imports from South Korea's steel giant POSCO. The penalty is slightly higher than the department's preliminary decision made in November to impose a 7.46 percent duty on POSCO products, but is still considered a moderate level, compared with duties levied on companies in other countries. (END) Most Viewed Seoul to ban smoking at cultural asset sites (4th LD) Park apologizes over alleged sexual misconduct by ex-spokesman Ssangyong says resumption of overnight shift turning point of normalization (2nd LD) N. Korea's Kaesong region sure to be listed as UNESCO world heritage N. Korean escapees to S. Korea to fall 20 pct this year: official More Most Viewed Photos News Focus Mixed prospects for S. Koreans heading into new major league season Samsung aims to use Galaxy S8 to lead global smartphone market S. Korea football coach still in hot water despite win over Syria Households make up less of S. Korea's gross disposable income in 2016 Desperate presidential hopefuls seek alliance, but with little hope 4 Korean films expected to go Cannes As hit TV dramas phase out, eclipsed underdogs seek limelight Emerging ferry sounds clarion call for truth, reconciliation News All headlines National North Korea Business Culture / Sports Korean Wave Photo news Graphic news Focus Most viewed Special Features Interviews Features Topics Miscellaneous Newspaper headlines Today in Korean history Yonhap News summary Editorials from dailies Tools RSS Mobile Service Twitter Facebook Information Photo/Video Archives Korea in brief Useful links Festival Calendar Weather Overseas Networks About Yonhap About Us Contact Us Subscription Copyright N.K Archives N.K Newsletter Vantage Point Copyrights Yonhap News Agency. All Rights Reserved.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones War over manufacturing Pixel 3 gets intense: Who will sit on the Iron Throne? HTC, LG, TCL and Coolpad are trying to win Google's approval for manufacturing the Pixel 3, and you can call this the "Game of Thrones" of the tech world. Sami Khan   March 31, 2017 10:08 IST Game of Thrones in the tech world be like...Facebook/Game of Thrones Pixel 3 is not due until next year, and phone makers are already placing their bets on the manufacturing rights over the unannounced phone. HTC, LG, TCL and Coolpad are the warlords trying to win Google's approval for manufacturing the Pixel 3. This war may not be as exciting as HBO's super hit series, the Game of Thrones, but it is certainly spicing things up in the tech world. Let us walk you through it briefly. HTC, which made last year's Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones for Google (and gladly did not take any visible credit for it), will continue manufacturing the Pixel 2 series this year – thanks to a two-year contract it signed with Google in 2016. HTC is undoubtedly the Lannister in this case sitting on the "Iron Throne" (based on the Season 6 finale). But it remains to be seen how things might change in the Pixel 3 war come next year as well as in the Game of Thrones season 7, which is to be aired in July. Putting aside the Game of Thrones spoilers, plots and mysteries, here's what we know of Pixel 3 battle between HTC, LG, TCL and Coolpad. Even though HTC has earned a two-year contract from Google for Pixel and Pixel 2 series, there's no guarantee it will continue to remain in-charge of making Pixel 3 phones in 2018 or even rule Westeros and the Seven Kingdoms if it were the sets of GoT. Google Pixel XLRohit KVN/ IBTimes India If the DigiTimes report is to be believed, LG might be the chosen one for Pixel 3 orders, which are expected to reach 5 million units next year. A Greenseer's vision of who gets to sit on the Iron Throne and overlook the Pixel 3 production could go a long way at this point, but we'll settle for the reliable inputs from DigiTimes citing a Chinese report by Commercial Times. After all, LG and Google's partnership goes way back to the good-old Nexus days with some successful devices like Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and Nexus 5x. The report further adds that HTC will follow Pixel's lead while making the Pixel 2 series in two sizes this year. The Pixel was quite successful and well-received by the consumers and critics alike, so much so that Google found it hard to keep up with the demand. HTC reportedly shipped 2.1 million Pixel and Pixel XL phones to Google till date. So what are the other OEMs fighting for in this battle? To be honest, we are quite surprised Huawei is not making a run for it. But we can rule out TCL as it has its hands full with BlackBerry phones and Coolpad is with LeEco and there's really no close relation with Google there, which makes its chances slim. What we can guarantee is that Pixel phones in 2018 will be top-notch as Google's vision to keep its Pixel lineup premium is pretty clear. In fact, we are just as excited about the Pixel 2 this year (and Game of Thrones season 7, too). We don't have a teaser for Pixel 3, but we won't leave you disappointed as here's something you will love. Related How Samsung Galaxy S8 stacks up against the rivals Google's new Android O is here for download Google Pixel XL complete review Also read Game of Thrones season 7 SPOILER: Here is how we know Jon Snow will not be the one to die in season 7 Game of Thrones: Kit Harington previews Season 7 Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News OnePlus teaser hints at Dash Charge compliant power bank launch 41 minutes ago By Rohit KVN Why advertise with us? most popular Lenovo tipped to start Moto X Pure Nougat soak test in US soon; when will Moto X Play get it? After taking feedback, Lenovo's Motorola is expected to officially roll-out the public version of the Android Nougat to Moto X Pure by the end of April. 123Movies Unblocked: Free movie streaming site gets new life under new name With the rebranding, 123Movies hopes to set itself apart from the fake sites. Google Chrome is watching you watch hardcore porn, and they're sending you a message Google might be mocking users for watching too much internet porn, without them even knowing it Will Reliance Jio grow from a secondary option to a primary choice for calls and data? Reliance Jio Prime's growing user base is a sign Indians are not just after freebies. Android 7.0 Nougat update schedule for Samsung Galaxy S6 devices confirmed Canadian carrier Telus has revealed that Android 7.0 Nougat will come to Samsung Galaxy S6, S6 edge and S6 edge Plus in April. Destiny 2 trailer live streaming date and time The Destiny 2 trailer will be launched at 10 am PT on Thursday, and it will be live streamed on its social media pages. With Reliance Jio's free services ending soon, check out offers on your other SIM card Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and BSNL are still in use by users while Jio served as a secondary option for its data benefits. Samsung Galaxy S8 series debuts with Infinity Display, Bixby digital assistant Samsung Galaxy S8 and the Galaxy S8+ are slated to hit selet global markets from April 21 onwards with price starting at $720 (approx. €669/Rs. 46,706). Photo Gallery Amitabh Bachchan launches Ek Thi Rani Aisi Bhi trailer Bollywood filmmaker Prakash Jha, actor Amitabh Bachchan and Governor of Goa Mridula Sinha spotted during the trailer launch of film Ek Thi Rani Aisi Bhi in Mumbai on March 30, 2017. Vijay Sethupathi, T Rajender, Madonna Sebastian's Kavan movie stills Kavan is an upcoming Tamil movie directed by KV Anand and Music composed by Hiphop Tamizha. Starring Vijay Sethupathi, T Rajender, Madonna Sebastian, Jagan, Akashdeep Saigal in the lead role. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 26 Plus 1 on G+ 46 Share on Facebook 31 Share on Twitter Total Shares103 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Article Contents 1 Teardown 1.1 Video previews and auto-play 1.2 code 1.3 User-defined actions, meet IFTTT 1.4 code 1.5 Prevent accidental and unauthorized purchases (on phones) 1.6 code 1.7 Toggle for auto-added app icons 2 Download A new version of the Google app began rolling out earlier this week, but there don't appear to be any major changes going live quite yet. However, this version does bring some big clues about upcoming changes. On the docket for this teardown is a new authentication step for purchases made through Google Assistant, video previews in search results, user-defined actions take form through IFTTT, and some people will be happy to find out that Google's launcher won't always add icons for newly installed apps. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Video previews and auto-play These days, it's pretty common to perform a Google search and get back more than just a page of links to websites. In fact, it's almost weird not to get back at least a few video suggestions, image results, or even knowledge graph info. With regular results, you'll see text previews that tell you what to expect when you get to a page. However, videos don't afford the same clues about what you're going to get, only a thumbnail, and it's usually chosen by the creator. That's going to change as Google prepares to show video previews in search results. The evidence for video previews actually comes in the form of a new setting (not currently live) that will allow users to turn video previews off. Seeing as people aren't actually seeing video previews in search results, this is a pretty good hint of what's to come. This wouldn't be Google's first foray into showing video previews, it actually became a feature on the web search results around early 2011. Users could click on a little magnifying glass for "instant previews" of pages and videos. That feature vanished at some point, but there's no denying that it can be pretty useful. code <string name="video_preference_title">Video</string> <string name="video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_title">Network</string> <string name="video_preview_autoplay_on_wifi_preference_desc">Play video previews automatically on Wi-Fi</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay">Autoplay</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data">Allow on mobile networks</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_preference">enableVideoPreviewAutoplayOnMobileDataPreference</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay_preference">enableVideoPreviewAutoplayPreference</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_network_preference_category">enableVideoPreviewNetworkPreferenceCategory</string> /res/xml/video_preference_header.xml <preference-headers xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <header android:id="@id/video_header" android:title="@string/video_preference_title" android:fragment="com.google.android.apps.gsa.staticplugins.videopreference.VideoPreferenceFragment" /> </preference-headers> /res/xml/video_preference.xml <PreferenceScreen android:id="@id/video_preference_screen" xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <SwitchPreference android:persistent="false" android:title="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay" android:key="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay_preference" android:summary="@string/video_preview_autoplay_on_wifi_preference_desc" android:defaultValue="true" /> <PreferenceCategory android:title="@string/video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_title" android:key="@string/enable_video_preview_network_preference_category"> <SwitchPreference android:persistent="false" android:title="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data" android:key="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_preference" android:defaultValue="false" /> </PreferenceCategory> </PreferenceScreen> I won't go into making predictions about web results, but it's pretty clear mobile users are going to see video previews when they use Google's search bar. How will they work and what will they look like? That I can't say for sure, but the evidence strongly suggests they'll actually auto-play, which means the thumbnails will probably disappear shortly after coming into view and frames of the video will begin running. I assume they won't begin playing audio, because that would be horrible. The auto-play setting all of this is based upon will obviously be useful for turning this feature off, which you may want to do for data conservation, or if you simply find sudden motion annoying. Wi-Fi and cellular connections can be enabled or disabled individually, but the defaults are naturally set so only Wi-Fi is enabled when this feature goes live. The one thing I notice that's missing is a way to start a preview if the auto-play setting is switched off. Perhaps this isn't included in the app itself, but will be delivered as part of Google's results, or maybe that's not actually going to be a feature, but it leads me to think Google might not be ready to launch this quite yet. User-defined actions, meet IFTTT Back in August, shortly after Google Assistant code first appeared in public releases, we got a look at the early stages of user-defined actions. When launch day came, there was no obvious sign that this feature had actually made the cut, nor were there many changes to any related text or resources since then. That is, until now. New strings reveal that Google is integrating the popular IFTTT (If-This-Then-That) service to handle custom user actions. code <string name="user_defined_action_ifttt_action_section_title">IFTTT actions</string> <string name="user_defined_action_menu_save_button">Save</string> <string name="user_defined_action_paused_action_section_title">Paused actions</string> <string name="user_defined_action_speech_recognition_prompt_text">When I say Okay Google…</string> <string name="user_defined_action_target_command_hint">Google Assistant should do</string> <string name="user_defined_action_action_list_section_title">Learned actions</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_action_section_title">Teach your assistant to…</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_do_action_title">Do something</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_ifttt_action_title">Create IFTTT action</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_say_action_title">Say something</string> <string name="user_defined_action_delete_confirmation_cancel_text">CANCEL</string> <string name="user_defined_action_delete_confirmation_delete_text">DELETE</string> <string name="user_defined_action_delete_confirmation_text">Are you sure you want to delete this action?</string> New Layouts /res/layout/assistant_user_defined_action_do_editor_layout.xml /res/layout/assistant_user_defined_action_say_editor_layout.xml New preference screen /res/xml/user_defined_action_preference_screen.xml <PreferenceScreen xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_create_action_header_key" android:order="0" /> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_active_action_category_key" android:order="1" /> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_paused_action_category_key" android:order="2" /> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_ifttt_action_category_key" android:order="3" /> </PreferenceScreen> <string name="assistant_settings_active_action_category_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionActiveActionsCategoryKey</string> <string name="assistant_settings_create_action_header_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionCreateActionHeaderKey</string> <string name="assistant_settings_ifttt_action_category_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionIFTTTActionsCategoryKey</string> <string name="assistant_settings_paused_action_category_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionPausedActionsCategoryKey</string> This might feel a bit anticlimactic since many of us have already been using IFTTT with Google Assistant. There's no reason to expect changes to that base functionality, Google is simply building a native interface for creating these actions. On the plus side, it means we don't have to use IFTTT's website... And that's definitely a good thing. (It's not a great site.) ifttt_logo There are also no clues to indicate how capable these actions are going to be. IFTTT's "Applets" are effectively made up of two parts: a service that triggers an event, and the action that is performed in response. In this case, the trigger is obviously going to be Google Assistant, and it will listen for a user-defined phrase. What isn't clear is how much control users will have to define the resulting actions; basically, if they'll have the same range of services and options for configurability as they would on the site, or if the interface will offer a limited set of options. Prevent accidental and unauthorized purchases (on phones) Purchases made through voice-activated gadgets have been a bit of a hot topic lately, particularly thanks to a series of incidents involving the Amazon Echo. A few weeks ago, Google Assistant gained some similar shopping capabilities; and while there haven't been any reports of accidental or unauthorized purchases yet, it's only a matter of time unless something is done to prevent it. Google is already working on a solution. According to new text in the app, users will soon have the option to require an additional authentication step before purchases can be completed. At this time, the only standard method of authentication is a fingerprint, which should be enough for most people. Of course, if you are using a device without a fingerprint reader, or chose not to set up a fingerprint for use on your phone, this won't do much for you. It's also noted that if authentication is set to not be required, "suspicious behavior" may still trigger a check. If this happens, it looks like a password will be necessary to complete the purchase. code <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_title">Authentication</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_section_title">Purchases on this device</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_page_header">Adjust settings for authentication when making purchases using Google Assistant on this device.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_dialog_message">Confirm with password.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_mechanism_title">Fingerprint authentication</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_mechanism_description">Allow your fingerprint to be used as authentication for Google Assistant purchases on this device.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_title">Purchase authentication</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_always">Confirmation required</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_always_required">Required for every purchase</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_never">Confirmation not required</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_never_description">We may ask if suspicious behavior is detected</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_not_required">Not required</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_not_required_detail">We may ask if suspicious behavior is detected</string> New Layouts /res/layout/assistant_payments_phone_authentication_entry.xml /res/layout/assistant_payments_phone_authentication_item.xml /res/layout/assistant_payments_phone_authentication_template.xml This feature is intended to be specific to each device, which currently means it's directed at phones. It's safe to assume there's a plan for Google Home and other voice-only appliances using Assistant, but there's nothing visible yet to indicate how that will work. I would expect a proper solution is still pending the rollout of multiple accounts on Home, at which point the signed-in users will all probably be able to perform the authentication steps on their phones to complete purchases started on Home. This should hopefully put an end to any concerns about accidental and unauthorized purchases resulting from misunderstood conversations, ambient noise, demanding children, or friends with a penchant for pranks. Toggle for auto-added app icons Finally, we get to one of those little features that seem simple, but many people are bothered to no end if they aren't available. I'm talking about the launcher's behavior of automatically adding an icon to a home screen when a new app is installed. Most third-party launchers offer users the freedom to disable this, and it's hit-and-miss for OEMs. Google's launcher counts among the ranks that doesn't give users a choice, but that's about to change. <string name="auto_add_shortcuts_label">Add icon to Home screen</string> <string name="auto_add_shortcuts_description">For new apps</string> From /xml/launcher_preferences.xml <SwitchPreference android:persistent="true" android:title="@string/auto_add_shortcuts_label" android:key="pref_add_icon_to_home" android:summary="@string/auto_add_shortcuts_description" android:defaultValue="true" /> There's not really much more to say about this other than it's placement, which will be at the bottom of the Settings screen alongside the toggles for app suggestions and allow rotation. I'm not sure why it wasn't already activated in this release, but maybe Google is waiting to roll it out remotely at some point in the near future. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 6.16.25 beta APK Mirror Download: Google app (Play Store) Tags apk apk download apk teardown app authentication authorization auto-play autoplay download downloads fingerprint ifttt launcher search results teardown user-defined actions video previews subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Just adding icon to homescreen is already present play store. Isn't it the same function? Suicide_Note That's what i was thinking too. F4LL0U7 Came here to say the same thing. Is there anyone that doesn't already uncheck that box immediately when setting up a new device? Not sure I'd expect to rely on the launcher for that. Also might cause confusion if it's enabled in one place but disabled in the other. abqnm Some third party launchers have their own independent system that doesn't rely on the Play Store setting. But Google and a few third party launchers respect that option. I guess the only thing that's really new here is that it would be an option in the settings for the Google launchers. bekifft Would be nice if they'd implement app shortcuts. Cody Toombs That's already there, but it only works on Android 7.1 and above. bekifft Well that's weird cause I have a Nexus 6P running latest software, all I get are "edit" and "remove". Pan Szym True destinyhud then u r not using google now launcher bekifft No that's true, I'm using Nova, but on literally all sides of the Google app icon are icons with working app shortcuts, some of them are even Google apps. Keep, Chrome, Phone, etc. Cody Toombs Oh, you meant you want the Google app to have app shortcuts. I thought you were asking for the Google launcher to support them (since plenty of people are still confused by how that works). So my question is... What shortcuts do you think it's supposed to have? I can't think of very many things I'd want to have in the app, short of possibly a quick way to reach Settings. bekifft Reminders is the big one for me. If they'd just add that it would be good. Lion5 I have Android 6x on my Galaxy Note 5 and with Nova, App shortcuts seem to work with quite a few apps. Most are the basic edit, remove, etc, but some like Google's apps offer more shortcuts. Corbin Davenport https://www.xkcd.com/1807/ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/1c17825b6718df9d297920ec3e00d49b4e23d8b0b0cbeafb8b0cc1a792522cc1.png Tom Hardy Managing director of Yahoo!, is suggesting folks to learn "Work at home" practice, that Internet marketers have been doing for about twelve months now. This year alone, I generated about $36k until now with no more than my personal pc as well as some extra time, although i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even most people newbie in this, actually make $50/per h easily and the profit can go even higher as time passes... This is how i started >> http://deliciousurl.com//2z XgudwilX runnin 6.16.27.21.arm64 & not seeing this Drunk Squirrel Did you even read the article? The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Grey Will it be able to change my background every eight hours without using Muzei?? Alessandro I thought Google Now Launcher was removed from the available google apps package that OEMs can include to ship with and therefore was discontinued. Wasn't GNL supposed to be removed from the playstore soon? JV Detmer Why not just random spoken words set earlier by the user. With Home? john dave This is new version of the software , let see how well it works. StephaniePeterson11 > ......................... http://deliciousurl.com//39 Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 214 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 90 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Strikethrough Text] WhatsApp Adds Quick Reply From The Notification, Multiple Contact Selection, Solid Wallpaper Colors, And Finally Dumps A Gingerbread Remnant 2016/03/30 1:00am PDTMar 30, 2016 71 2 Years Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Latest Gmail Update Brings Unified Inbox, Conversation View For Non-Gmail Accounts, Better Search, And More 2015/03/30 1:30pm PDTMar 30, 2015 15 3 Years Ago Today Music Boss For Pebble Can Now Control Playback And Volume On Chromecast Content From Your Smartwatch 2014/03/30 12:47pm PDTMar 30, 2014 42 4 Years Ago Today The Ultimate List Of Easter App And Game Sales On The Play Store [Continuously Updated] 2013/03/30 12:31pm PDTMar 30, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Google Launches Translator Toolkit, Makes It Easier To Bridge The Language Gap In Your Apps 2012/03/30 11:37pm PDTMar 30, 2012 18 6 Years Ago Today N64oid, Nintendo 64 Emulator For Android, Was Not Taken Down - It's On Hiatus Pending Performance Improvements 2011/03/30 11:39pm PDTMar 30, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Updated: Verizon Finally Starts Upgrading All Motorola Droid Users to Android 2.1 Today, Pinky Swears This Time 2010/03/30 8:10pm PDTMar 30, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 48 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 65 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 102 queries | 0.988s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Twitter Facebook Follow us: Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media Tools Advertise Google iPhone App Updated With New 3D Touch Controls News· Mobile Search March 30, 2017 Mobile Search News Matt SouthernMarch 30, 2017 SEJ STAFF 66SHARES 38READS 66SHARES 38READS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 66SHARES 38READS ADVERTISEMENT Google has released an update for its iOS app which takes advantage of the 3D touch controls on the iPhone 6S, iPhone 7, and iPad Pro models. In addition, Google’s iOS app now comes packaged with Gboard as well its first-ever widget. Here’s a deeper look at what’s new. 3D Touch Controls Google is catering to owners of the latest iOS devices with a slew of new 3D touch controls. Now you can save time by hard pressing on the Google app icon to gain quicker access to what you want to do. Hard pressing on the Google app gives you the options to conduct a quick search, a voice search, an image search, or search in incognito mode. You can also get a look at what’s currently trending on Google. There’s also more 3D touch controls once you’re in the app. Hard pressing on a search snippet, or cards in your Google Now feed, will bring up a preview of the content. When you want to conduct a new search, just hard press on the G button at the bottom. Trending on Google Widget Google finally has an iPhone widget! The “Trending on Google” widget will keep you informed of the hottest searches and breaking news from around the world, updated in real-time. If you see a topic you’re interested in, just tap on it to open up a set of search results in the Google app. There are a couple of ways you install this widget. The easiest way is to hard press on the app icon and select ‘Add Widget’. Alternatively, you can scroll to the bottom of the widget screen, tap “Edit”, then add “Trending on Google.” Gboard Google is still heavily pushing Gboard, its alternative keyboard for iOS. It first launched as a standalone app, but now it comes packaged with the Google app. So if you wish to use Gboard as your iPhone’s default keyboard, you can now do so by having the Google app installed. Keep in mind that it requires an inordinate amount of privacy permissions in order to use it, compared to other third-party keyboards. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts Google Upgrades Gboard for iPhone with Voice Typing, New Emoji, and More Google’s iOS App Updated With Native YouTube Support, Built-in Gboard, + More Google App for iOS Updated With Improved Voice Search, Forward Button, + More Google Trends Updated to Provide Minute-by-Minute Data on Trending Searches ADVERTISEMENT Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) Google iPhone App Updated With New 3D Touch Controls - March 30, 2017 Bing Releases an iMessage Extension, a Potential Google Allo Competitor - March 30, 2017 Bing Ads Will Stop Supporting Monthly Budgets as of April 30 - March 30, 2017 Download: The Beginner's Guide to SEO A Complete Guide to Getting Started in SEO. Invalid email address.   ADVERTISEMENT Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: SEJ Summit 2017 Upcoming Event: Chicago See all SEJ Summit Conferences #SEJThinktank Webinar Site Audits with SEJ Wed. April 5th, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Search Engine Nerds Best Practices for 2017 SEO Audits See all Search Engine Nerds Podcasts ADVERTISEMENT Popular Posts 1 Which Is Better: Facebook Advertising or Google AdWords? 11.6K reads 3/3/2017 2 Google: New Industry Benchmarks for Mobile Page Speed 8.4K reads 2/28/2017 3 Old-School SEO: 6 On-Page Optimization Techniques that Google Hates 6.4K reads 3/16/2017 4 8 Modern Link Acquisition Tactics that Work 5.9K reads 3/13/2017 5 3 Excel Formulas for Google’s Keyword Planner Search Volume Numbers 5.0K reads 3/10/2017See All Popular Posts ADVERTISEMENT SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Friday, March 31, 2017 As of 5:48 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Google Calendar offers Apple OS compatibility with new native iPad version By Rhenn Taguiam @amunrhantareon on March 31 2017 2:49 PM 0 0 0 0 An image of the new Google Calendar app for the iPad. Image from the official Google blog. Google iPad users will now be able to use a native version of the Google Calendar. This will be brought by an update that brings the organisational features of the application in an app designed for the device and its Apple operating system (OS). This will be the first time the application will finally have a version compatible with the device since the Calendar was released in 2006. The app will have its core features intact. Users can see their calendars and those that other users have shared with them. Moreover, the application offers quicker scheduling options that the Calendar is famous for. This makes some Apple users choose Google's programme over the native Apple calendar.  The organisational features of the app make use of the G Suite's advanced cloud infrastructure. This allows documents to be seamlessly synchronised with a diverse set of contacts. The company also has more plans for the application. Google Calendar will eventually include a "Today" widget that allows users to see scheduled events for the day. Users may be able to see this in their Notificaton Center in future updates.  However, PC World explains that the wait for an Apple version of the Calendar can be explainable. This is because Google is the company behind Android, the rival of Apple's iOS operating system.  Regardless, this does not mean there were not any versions of the Calendar present for Apple devices. For instance, there is a version of the application for the iPhone that could be used in the tablet before. However, unlike the recent version, the older versions are not optimised for the iPad.  There are also other features that users can use to fully optimise their scheduling experience. For instance, users of Calendar can actually create different "calendars" for specific themes. They also have the option to colour-code these calendars for easy access.  Its scheduling system also lets users choose if the app should recommend a time, or if it can "match" schedules. This feature lines up the schedules of users that make use of the calendar and the app will find a compatible free time. This can be done easier as Calendar also has a "World Clock" feature that can show time in different time zones.  Events in the Calendar can also be connected to Google Hangouts. This means long-distance chat or video call meetings are automatically set in the time given. Organisers of meetings can also attach complementary files in the specific event tab. They can also specify meeting places by integrating the event with Google Maps.  Google Calendar is part of the company's G Suite. The Suite is a diverse set of "smart" applications designed for groups and teams. The applications include Gmail, Docs, Drive and the aforementioned Calendar.  Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related HTC U and Google Pixel 3 update Google launches new product designed to defy fake health information Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Australia steps up measures to detect and deter sharks 0 Shares 2 'Curb Your Enthusiasm season 9' will cause a lot of controversy, assures Mary Steenburgen 0 Shares 3 ‘Ghostbusters VR: Now Hiring’ requires PS4, VR headset and Move controllers 0 Shares 4 London tech startup aims to disrupt the digital rewards and loyalty landscape 0 Shares 5 Cannabis stocks rise by significant margin 0 Shares 6 OnePlus 5 and OnePlus 3T update 0 Shares 7 Optus to provide new 100GB, 30GB data plans for consumers, SMBs 0 Shares 8 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Diana Gabaldon heading to South Africa 0 Shares 9 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Jamie’s pig will appear next year 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Ivar and Bjorn will ‘explode in time’; The Boneless ‘doesn’t recognise boundaries’ 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Amazon to collect sales tax in Hawaii, Idaho, Maine and New Mexico on April 1 Spotify acquires MightyTV, helps users decide what to watch European retailer TK Maxx chose 303 MullenLowe Qantas and Slingshot Venture Fund tap startups for airline innovation Volkswagen to sell diesel-powered cars in the US Woolworths: Pick date to pack date for supermarket produce More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance European businesses call for post-Brexit settlement, Japan’s Keidanren to take issue on ‘no Brexit deal is better than a bad deal’ US travel ‘falls off a cliff’ according to a search site ALDI, Kroger, Publix warn customers of fake discount coupons Queensland amends medicinal cannabis laws Analysis suggests US Tourism may lose US$18B, Trump travel ban to be blamed Politicians divided over cannabis legalisation More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East NFL News: Adrian Peterson working out with Jameis Winston with Tampa Bay Buccaneers 'I showed a lot of heart today,' Roger Federer says after surviving Tomas Berdych in Miami Open quarters Rafael Nadal storms past Jack Sock to reach Miami Open semis Los Angeles Lakers vs Minnesota Timberwolves live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Manny Pacquiao next fight: Jeff Horn deal 'nearly done,' fight likely on July 2 Jimmy Butler 'as good as gone' from Chicago Bulls, according to NBA front office executive More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Google Pixel C vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Tesla Model 3 praised by Morgan Stanley analyst Facebook Messenger to add ‘dislike’ button but will stop support for older versions of Android, iOS and Windows app Elon Musk backs brain-computer interface venture Xbox One and 360 Deals With Gold until April 3 announced Microsoft Surface Pro 5 and Surface Book 2 not expected anytime soon More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design Chris Hemsworth workout secrets revealed: Trainer tells all details of diet and exercise ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’: Gary Barlow casting confirmed 'Days Of Our Lives' spoilers for March 29: A big decision puts an end to two men’s agony; a murder case is revisited Adele may never tour again, says 'applause makes me feel a bit vulnerable' ‘MasterChef Junior’ Season 5 Episode 8 spoilers: Two eliminated young cooks earn a spot back in the competition [VIDEO] ‘The Bold And The Beautiful’ spoilers for March 29: Brooke refuses to marry a 'wandering eye', keeps Eric in the dark about his wife and son’s infidelity More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 40 Plus 1 on G+ 75 Share on Facebook 89 Share on Twitter Total Shares204 Android O News Videos Series: Android O Feature Spotlights This article is part of our Android O Feature Spotlights series.Previous ArticleShow AllNext Article ... 66 30. All the Android O features we've found so far [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/25 7:38am PDTMar 25, 2017 51 31. [Update: more details] Android O feature spotlight: Notification Channels give more controls over notifications to users 2017/03/28 10:15am PDTMar 28, 2017 37 32. Android O feature spotlight: Text selection dialog now has icons and contextual actions 2017/03/28 11:29am PDTMar 28, 2017 35 33. Android O feature spotlight: There's now a progress bar for sideloading APKs 2017/03/28 12:44pm PDTMar 28, 2017 68 34. Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 View All 34 Articles In This Series Android O was revealed last week, and Google talked about the neat stuff it can do via blog posts and videos. We didn't get all the little details—those nice touches that make you smile, realizing Google takes design seriously these days. Case in point, there's a rad new animation when you open and close the notification shade. Let's watch, shall we? The above video is shown at normal speed. Notice how the icons are in that bottom strip as you open the shade. Then, they slide up as the notification they are connected to is revealed. That's cool, but it looks even cooler in slow motion.   In the above video, that same animation is playing out at one-tenth speed (this is also the case for the GIF up top).  The icons sort of float across the screen to take up their position. When you close the notifications, the icons slip back down and line up. This looks a bit like a shrunken down version of the quick settings close animation. It won't fundamentally alter the experience on Android O, but it's still cool. Tags android o animations feature spotlight series_android_o_feature_spotlights video subscribe ... Previous Story Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video ... ... Next Story TWRP adds support for the Honor 6X, Wileyfox Swift 2X, and more Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Jordan Khoviteri-Zadeh https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2e70b5d92ff6527802b46729341397b0791b1e86601708ea1d2e2d116960d6e9.gif StephaniePeterson11 > ......................... http://deliciousurl.com//39 waloody88 wow so cool :) too bad my nexus 6 will never get it :( Dirk Maybe not officially, ;-) Bewear It WILL get it, via LineageOS or any other custom ROM. You know, Nexus devices never really die... Latheryin You are missing the fact that all of Google latest code is 64 bit and the nexus 6 is 32 bit so the code is not really portable. Bewear Oh, you are right. Well, I certainly expect that some effort will be made by communities, like with ARMv6 devices. Latheryin I have spoken with many and as they are old school they know what it will entail and they have already said they are not even bothering. Many even changed devices off of the nexus 6 to the 6p because it is 64 bit. Bewear It seems I will have to jump ship soon, then, since my device is 32 bit too. Twitler What are you ? a sheap ? Don't change a Nexus at least 3-4 years.Not worth the upgrade since commnunity will take care of Nexus line better than Google ever did. Bewear The only Nexus I actually own is the Nexus 4, so I know how they can be kept alive, though it's not my main device anymore. My current device is the Moto MAXX, which is quite similar to the Nexus 6. Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher Rather looks like some animation glitch Martin I thought so too in the slow motion version, but thought it looked better at normal speed. SHunter That or Hangouts... Zsolt V Yes, and they should reassign all janitors and cafeteria workers to help out with the effort, too. P.s. I thought an inane comment like this would have been the top one. Surprised it's only #3. Suicide_Note Amazing. Maxr1998 Noticed it immediately after updating, made me smile ;) Love the attention to detail that Google is showing here! MicroNix All it does is add extra work for the SOC m477 Yeah, they should ditch the GUI altogether. Everything more than a command line is waste of resources. Nicholas Conrad Zomg, how about putting dev resources to anything else? Kehnin Dyer ui guys are BORED Nick Coad I think commenters here frequently seem to have a strange view of how software gets developed. Like people seem to think that you have 20 devs (for example) and they sit and work 100% on a single animation for four days or something. There are so many things wrong with that. Leonardo Baez This.. My god, how people can be so limited in their vision? Henry Park Because a lot of people don't know how developing software works let alone taken a programming class NothingUnknown It was either this or another messaging app. Take your pick. PVL_93_RU Looks kinda iffy, like the icons lag behind the shade Leonardo Baez 1/10th of real speed on the videos... In real speed you will not even notice Good_Ole_Pinocchio I have the new Pixel Launcher on my 6p and the "bounce" animation the Icons in these videos show, happens to the app drawer shade when I unlock the phone. Not sure how long that's been there but I just noticed it. Almost like it's saying "Hey, you can swipe up here" Abhishek Das https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/442cfb7a3fd2ab0deba7f11a64708d1a81c49b54f98d7b2e82ca4673541370df.jpg 😆😄 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d854815208e8ebd194c840a407251882b40ee69f742aa280a190fa9353c47ebe.png m477 Please stop. Konrad Krawczuk I hope its some kind of animation glitch. Looks absolutely awful. Minimalism is the key... Vivek Rameses Yeah, that is god awful. Probably a bug. Latheryin So this is what they work on while the OS has tons of issues that are far more pressing. Way to go Google. With how pointless it is there is no mistaking it came from the Google design team that I and many others are confident are pretty much blind. So yeah makes sense. Nick Coad I don't get your complaint, do you think the same people who fix low level OS bugs are working on UI animations? Is that what you actually believe? Latheryin I Believe in team work. If one fails they all fail. And the UI people have their own epic fails as of late. Nick Coad I don't understand how that's relevant to what you posted. You seem to think that this animation somehow means the OS issues are being ignored, but in reality those things are developed by different groups of people. It's like people think that they have a list of tasks and they set the entire team on each task one after the other. That's just not how it works, they will be simultaneously working on lots of shit at once across the whole team. Latheryin And it goes to show how bad that fails. Too many cooks in kitchen. They are being ignored. Just look at the shut down issue for all nexus and pixel devices after 7.0. You must never have worked on a multi-team project. Had you, then you would know that it doesn't matter what team fails. If one does the whole project fails. mchalakov I'm interested in the fails that the "UI people" did recently? Latheryin Quick tiles (waste of space) material design (text book juvenile colors) tool bars at the top of the device when they are only getting bigger. Should I keep going. Matthew Gardner That's an amazing non-response you just gave. Ever considered a career in politics? Latheryin Politics? No thanks. I have self honor. So not an option. It was an answer. It doesn't matter what part of the project fails. Give them a by because it wasn't there team is the same as a participating trophy. Both are BS. Martin Of course, how else would it work? On an unrelated note, I yelled at a gardener today. What the heck is he doing planting flowers, when he could be out fighting crime?! Nick Coad They need to slow down the speed just a tiny amount, but other than that it's a great effect. Filipe Santos Okay, now stop Google, it's too much dblock Anyone else think this doesn't look clean at all? Something about the icon beginning beneath the notification text just doesn't look good to me. Lord Argyris It's interesting how the overshoot the icons do when sliding into position isn't obvious until you see it in slow motion. I imagine if they didn't do that, the animation would look unnatural, with the icons seemingly "sticking" upon ending up in their respective notifications. A real object that moved like that and landed somewhere would bounce a bit, and so do these icons. Attention to detail--that was what Material Design was all about before we started chasing after circular icon windmills and endless UI churn. Ploppy Why would you animate something on top of something else... Nick Coad I don't even know how to respond to this. ericshmerick Gimmick gonna get old quick. BBpost Did they finally fix the issue where you get a notification beep about archiving a gmail or dismissing an exchange notification? It's really annoying when you clear out a dozen notifications and then get 12 instant notification beeps for notifications that instantly disappear. mchalakov Don't put too much thinking in this. It's just a simple animation to make someone(who notice it) smile. You know easter egg style ;) Willie Chalmers III I'm a bit indifferent to the animation change. I like the fact it's there, but maybe it's more suited to being a fade in of some kind. This doesn't feel too much like material design. Burak Çalık Its actually very good, but slow-motion view makes it look bad. mattcoz Agreed, looks terrible because the icon moves over the text. Luckily at full speed that isn't noticeable. instinct I think the opposite. We should argue about this. Ramon Add more lag to the OS. Real nice Google. Optimize more first. MeCampbell30 Looks better in slow motion to me. Looks kinda janky at regular speed. instinct I thought the same thing, It's too fast where it almost just seems to appear as if it took time to load. Fernando Pena I would never notice that if it wasn't for this post. That animation is SO FAST. I can barely see it... Mr. Spock It looks more like a bug than a feature. brolivar I could watch this all day DragoCubed It looks so good in slow motion but in real time it's simply too fast. Tahir firoz Wow 217 applications updated klaus muster ApK teardown please Car Parking Car Parking Driving Simulator is a fantastic game! It’s the best way to understand all the rules of driving and also get to exercise them interesting, however only ten challenges that we did not find everything difficult. Perfect for what it was, although not much depth. Download Link is here... https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cyberlogics.parking Vic Chai janky af. Maleko Cool? It looks like a childs idea. Just because you can animate it, doesn't mean you should. Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 214 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 6 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 724 1 Year Ago Today LG G5 Review: A Bit Of A Mess, Frankly 2016/03/31 1:41pm PDTMar 31, 2016 116 2 Years Ago Today WhatsApp Voice Calls Are Open To All In Version 2.12.19 — No Invites Needed 2015/03/31 12:45am PDTMar 31, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today [April Fools] HTC Reinvents The Nintendo Power Glove As HTC Gluuv, Makes The Same Basic Joke As Samsung 2014/03/31 8:41pm PDTMar 31, 2014 30 4 Years Ago Today Review: Jawbone UP + Android – A Baby Step Toward Truly Powerful Wearable Tech 2013/03/31 2:35pm PDTMar 31, 2013 28 5 Years Ago Today [Updated x2: Captivate, Vibrant Too] CyanogenMod 9 Nightly Builds Now Available On The Samsung Galaxy S i9000/i9000B, Captivate, And Vibrant 2012/03/31 4:02pm PDTMar 31, 2012 14 6 Years Ago Today Google's Android Market Copyright Infringement Form Wins The Troll Awards - Just Says 'crap' Upon Submission (Not An April Fool's Joke) 2011/03/31 11:28pm PDTMar 31, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Confirmed: HTC EVO 4G Will Run Froyo - The Next Version Of Android 2010/03/31 11:43pm PDTMar 31, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 49 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 67 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 127 queries | 0.559s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search FCC Web Privacy Rollbacks: The Winners and Losers ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More FCC Web Privacy Rollbacks: The Winners and Losers By Thomas Barrabi Published March 30, 2017 Privacy FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print FILE - In this Thursday, Feb. 26, 2015, file photo, Federal Communication Commission Commissioner Ajit Pai speaks during an open hearing and vote on "Net Neutrality" in Washington. Trumpism is slowly taking hold on your phone and computer, as the FCC ... starts rolling back Obama-era measures, known as "net neutrality" rules, which were designed to keep phone and cable giants from favoring their own internet services and apps. Pai, President Donald Trump’s hand-picked FCC chief, wants to cut regulations that he believes are holding back faster, cheaper internet. (Associated Press) Expand President Trump’s expected approval of a measure already OK’d by the House and Senate to overturn web privacy rules that had been scheduled to go into effect later this year would be a significant victory for internet service providers (ISPs) like AT&T, Verizon and Comcast in the competition for digital advertising revenue. Continue Reading Below House lawmakers voted Tuesday (215 to 205) to overturn Federal Communications Commission regulations that would require telecom companies to get clear permission from customers before they could use or sell personal information like browser history or geolocation for advertising purposes. A regulatory rollback could provide ISPs like Comcast and Verizon with a “meaningful” opportunity to close the gap on Google’s and Facebook’s dominance of the online advertising marketplace, according to James Dix, senior vice president of equities research at Wedbush Securities. “A regulatory change like that could help ISPs better compete for brand/mass market advertising, as it could help them improve their targeting and cost-efficiency, relative to large platforms like Google, which can offer advertisers targeting, using first-party data that users opt-in to having used for advertising purposes,” Dix told FOX Business. More on this... House Approves Bill to Overturn FCC Privacy Rule Broadband Privacy Repeal Sparks Interest in VPNs ISPs have long opposed the regulations – where were first introduced late in Barack Obama’s presidential tenure – on grounds that internet giants like Google and Facebook are not subject to them, making it easier for those companies to sell targeted advertisements and consumer data to the highest bidder. Meanwhile, proponents say the rules are necessary to protect sensitive consumer data like medical history, Social Security numbers and buying habits from third-parties. Facebook and Google derive a huge portion of their annual revenue of from digital advertising sales. Facebook, whose stock has risen 23% so far in 2017, generated $26.9 billion in ad sales in its 2016 fiscal year. Google’s parent company, Alphabet Inc., generated $22.4 billion in ad revenue in its most recent fiscal quarter alone. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT FCC Chairman Ajit Pai, who opposed the rules enacted under Obama, said in a statement that the “privacy regulations [were] designed to benefit one group of favored companies over another group of disfavored companies.” “Appropriately, Congress has passed a resolution to reject this approach of picking winners and losers before it takes effect,” Pai added. Targeted advertising revenue, while potentially massive for ISPs and other digital companies, is only part of the potential windfall. The ability to sell consumer browsing data to third-parties has a “total market potential well in excess of $100 billion,” according to Eric Hanselman, chief analyst at 451 Research. Eventually, companies that use browser history to assess the effectiveness of ads could create a lucrative market for consumer data, he added. “Consider what happens when we have something that looks like the Nielsen ratings for the Internet. Nielsen ratings drive much of the value that’s attached to traditional media content.  It could do the same for Internet-based content. It could be the missing key to unlock a more comprehensive valuation for Internet ad,” Hanselman told FOX Business. The legislation now heads to the White House, where it’s expected President Donald Trump will sign it. What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... The option to save your parking location has disappeared from Google Maps Rita El Khoury Follow View All Posts 2017/03/29 2:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 39 Plus 1 on G+ 68 Share on Facebook 44 Share on Twitter Total Shares151 Applications Google News A few days ago, we reported one unofficial feature in Google Maps 9.49 beta that allowed you to manually save your parking location for future reference. Unlike Google's automatic parking saving that guesses the location based on where you approximately stopped driving and surfaces the info in your Feed, this one was a more manual and more accurate way of pinning down your parking spot. It also let you add notes, set a time limit for metered parkings, and attach photos for your reference. That was saved as a notification you could tap when you had to go back to your car. All of this is so you never risk reliving that episode of Seinfeld. But the option sadly disappeared from Google Maps a few days ago (server-side switch or due to the update to 9.49.1 beta or 9.49.2, I'm not sure) and hasn't been back since. In its place when you tap the blue dot, there's the new location sharing option that went live yesterday. When it was available, saving your parking (left) was right where location sharing is now (right). Saving parking wasn't officially announced as a Maps feature and was part of the beta app version, so it's probably still a work in progress. Maybe the team didn't intend for the feature to go live then or maybe they discovered a bug and had to disable it momentarily. I do hope it comes back soon though because it was very handy. Tags google maps parking location save your parking saving parking subscribe ... Previous Story [Neat] Google Keep can autocomplete movie and TV show titles ... Next Story [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, ... Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments roberto.elena I never had that feature. I hate that even enrolling on the betas doesn't mean getting the latest features, slow roll out sucks. Mark Slavin I had the feature and hope they bring it back (or add an option to the Now card to add an expiry time). Denholm Willmer How dare they? andy_o I ran into some kind of bug that placed the parking location right on the destination spot (pin), and not on the actual parking spot, when setting it from the navigation arrival screen. Hopefully it is a bug-fixing delay. ddevito It's still there in the iOS version lorenzobjuarez Everything is ALWAYS on the iOS version! CBMR Yup, I just saw it last night C64 OMG , now we have to use our brains and think for ourselves https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4e8ae68acafbb8369fca8a9423ff78105cc9f6c103df72386a68d55e6461d6a4.jpg Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google's software motto should be, "Now you see it, now you don't." Willie Chalmers III This is why we can't have good things. Régis Knechtel https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b233b197af44ffa3889225d58263d87e1147fc4914911082a34095ae43e065d1.gif F4LL0U7 Must have been a server side switch. I'm on the beta version and i played around with it the day it came out, then showed it to my wife that evening. The next morning (did not receive an update) the feature was gone. VAVAMk_2 Brace yourselves! 3 new messaging apps inbound! AQ Could always just mark your location mmanuallly with a label of parking spot or something, maybe throw in the date in case you forget to delete it? Bewear Google giveth, Google taketh. Aldo72 I believe the reason they remove it was because once in parking, you couldn't unlock it.. I tried to remove my parking location but I wasn't able to do so.. So I wrote to support Jon Cooper Since when did google care what consumers want? Classic maps was so good they stopped us using it. Now it's all about the bloat. Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 214 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 90 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Strikethrough Text] WhatsApp Adds Quick Reply From The Notification, Multiple Contact Selection, Solid Wallpaper Colors, And Finally Dumps A Gingerbread Remnant 2016/03/30 1:00am PDTMar 30, 2016 71 2 Years Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Latest Gmail Update Brings Unified Inbox, Conversation View For Non-Gmail Accounts, Better Search, And More 2015/03/30 1:30pm PDTMar 30, 2015 15 3 Years Ago Today Music Boss For Pebble Can Now Control Playback And Volume On Chromecast Content From Your Smartwatch 2014/03/30 12:47pm PDTMar 30, 2014 42 4 Years Ago Today The Ultimate List Of Easter App And Game Sales On The Play Store [Continuously Updated] 2013/03/30 12:31pm PDTMar 30, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Google Launches Translator Toolkit, Makes It Easier To Bridge The Language Gap In Your Apps 2012/03/30 11:37pm PDTMar 30, 2012 18 6 Years Ago Today N64oid, Nintendo 64 Emulator For Android, Was Not Taken Down - It's On Hiatus Pending Performance Improvements 2011/03/30 11:39pm PDTMar 30, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Updated: Verizon Finally Starts Upgrading All Motorola Droid Users to Android 2.1 Today, Pinky Swears This Time 2010/03/30 8:10pm PDTMar 30, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 48 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 65 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 98 queries | 0.348s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 March 2017 by Military News Lawyer Marketing Mistakes – 4 Mistakes that Will Kill Your Law Firm’s Digital Marketing Campaign While there are no guarantees for success in digital marketing, ensuring the absence of these mistakes will give you the advantage over the competition. Has your law firm’s online marketing campaign suddenly hit a dead end? It may be that you’re making a number of website marketing  mistakes that are hurting your efforts. What is Digital Marketing When it Comes to Law Firm Marketing “Digital marketing (also known as data-driven marketing) is an umbrella term for the marketing of products or services using digital technologies, mainly on the Internet, but also including mobile phones, display advertising, and any other digital medium.” Wikipedia. With digital marketing practices always evolving, making sure your legal marketing campaign is in top shape is a constant process.  According to Group8A founder Eric Samson, “Changes in trends and tactics shift quickly with the wind and, as digital marketers, the only way we can keep up is through innovation and information.” Of course, keeping your ear to the ground and adapting to trends and industry shifts at any moment’s notice is a lot easier said than done, especially for law firms that don’t have a dedicated marketing staff, much less a major marketing department. Given how volatile digital marketing can be, sometimes the best solution is not to figure out what to do, but rather to identify what digital marketing mistakes you might be making. In this guide, we look at a few of these common issues. 1.     You Have No Overarching Strategy A 2012 Smart Insights study found that as much as 47 percent of businesses are investing in digital marketing without a clear strategy. In an updated survey (2017), Smarts Insights says, “that number has shrunk to 44%…although that is still quite high, and means many are doing digital with no strategy in place.” So what’s the big deal? Operating without a strategic approach to your law firm’s digital marketing efforts means that you could be missing several opportunities for efficient targeting and optimization. If you’re a small law firm (or a lone attorney), you could certainly get great results from your SEO, content, and social media marketing. However, playing things by ear can only take you so far. If your campaign’s performance has plateaued, a real strategy may be what you need. Read my previous blog post “How Content Marketing Can Help Law Firms” 2.   You Don’t Have Defined Marketing Goals With no goals, how could you accurately measure your campaign’s performance and success? For many organizations, the problem is not the absence of goals but rather the use of abstract goals, such as: Increasing likes Getting more followers Trending on social media The beauty of digital marketing lies in the ability to measure pretty much everything you do (on Google Analytics), which is obviously great for determining your ROI. Smart Insights CEO Dave Chaffey has a developed a system of setting digital marketing goals called the 5Ss of digital marketing, which comprises: Sell – Growing your sales Speak – Communicating with your audience Serve – Adding value to your customers’ experience Save – Cutting costs Sizzle – Generating online excitement for your brand Of course, there are many other goal-setting systems out there, but Smart Insights’ approach is a good place to start. Read SEO Forecast for 2017 by SEO Expert Qamar Zaman a Dallas SEO & Lawyer Marketing Expert 3.    You’re Not Paying Attention to SEO With many of your target clients using the Internet as the first point of contact to your brand, you need to invest time and effort in improving your online visibility through search engine optimization. Rachel Ayre of Hit Search Limited refers to a whitepaper titled Sink or swim: How to adapt to the New Legal Consumer, which showed that “31% of all legal consumers research lawyers online, and 95% of them stated that online reviews matter to them when deciding which law firm to hire.” However, there are a few things to consider when investing in SEO. For starters, gone are the days of old school SEO, which was a free-for-all game of keyword stuffing, article farms, and low-value articles. Google Panda, a major search algorithm update, pretty much killed off the strategy of gaming search engines with spammy content, while Google Penguin, another update, now penalizes shady link building practices. So what else is there to do? We go back to what Google has been saying for years: deliver a great user experience to your website’s visitors. That means making your site easy to navigate and improving your content, all while making it easy for Google to find you with strategically placed keywords and high-quality inlinks and backlinks. Key Takeaway: Read Top 5 Important Trends That Bring Impact on How You Do SEO in 2017 4.     Ignoring Paid Media While SEO is certainly an important aspect of digital marketing, it’s organic approach to improving your search rankings takes time to generate results. It’s why so many law firms give up on SEO—they fail to realize it’s a long-term effort. It’s also for this reason that paid ad platforms like Facebook Ads, Google AdWords, and Bing Ads can be a powerful way to complement your SEO efforts. Each platform offers a powerful suite of targeting options that allow you to run precise campaigns aimed at your most relevant online users based on their demographics, location, and interests among several other things. In turn, this ensures your PPC ads are only visible to people who are most likely going to be interested in your law firm’s services. Key Takeaways: As competition among law firms get tighter, the need to stand out and create more visibility especially in the SERPs is of utmost importance if you want higher possibility of getting more leads. Pay per Click (PPC) is quite useful if you don’t want your spot in the SERPs getting occupied by your competitors through paid search. Here is a clear scenario. Read Lawyer Marketing Using Google Adwords SUMMING UP     Missing or Lack of Strategy     Lack of Defined Market Goals and Measurement of These Goals     SEO Audit       Paid Media These are just a few of the most common mistakes that usually have a visible effect on any digital marketing campaign. To set up your digital marketing efforts for success, make sure you have an overarching strategy, set the right kind of goals, invest in modern SEO, and don’t underestimate paid ad campaigns. If your law firm needs help in launching and managing a hype free digital marketing campaign for your law firm, make sure you turn to a specialist or agency that caters to organizations in the legal services industry. If you answered Yes to any one of the these. You really need to take the pulse of your law firm’s digital marketing. Give us a call to learn more. We are in the business of growing law firms. https://kisspr.com/ Contributor: Qamar Zaman – Lawyer Marketing with Proven Results in local, national, regional and International SEO! Hype FREE Attorney Marketing Expert Check my work on Huffington Post Follow me on LinkedIn  Image Credits: Many images have been used from my Lawyer Marketing Blog, where I have curated content and given credit to each contributor respectfully. Qamar Zaman Chief Visionary at One SEO Company. An Internet Entrepreneur SEO & lawyer Internet marketing professional & Starbucks Lover. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Wyndham Rewards Surpasses 50 Million Member Mark Next PostNext “No Ordinary Easter” Planned At First Presbyterian Church Of Upland Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Vermont news: Breaking, in-depth and investigative coverage of politics, business and public affairs Home Projects About Tipster Commentary Data   Categories  Business & Economy Courts & Corrections Education Energy Environment Health Care People & Places Politics Menu DONATE Home News by Subject Business & Economy Courts & Corrections Education Energy Environment Health Care People & Places Politics Commentary Special Projects About Tipster Donate SEARCH 2017 Legislature EB-5 Legislator Guide Burlington Campaign Finance Database Bernie Sanders   UVM Names Honorary Degree Recipients Mar. 30, 2017, 10:44 pm by Press Release Leave a Comment News Release — UVM March 30, 2017 Contact: Jeff Wakefield, [email protected] , 802-578-8830 The University of Vermont will award honorary degrees at the May commencement ceremony to Diane Greene, Martha Pattee Heath, David R. Nalin, M.D., Alexander Nemerov, and Patrick Wong. The university will also award an honorary degree to James Fallows, the 2017 commencement speaker. James Fallows, national correspondent for The Atlantic, is a preeminent journalist, author, and commentator. He brings a keen perspective to a wide range of topics across the spectrum of American and international politics and culture, including U.S foreign policy and international relations, global and domestic economics, and emerging trends in American civic life. In addition to The Atlantic, Mr. Fallows has also served as editor of U.S. News & World Report, The Washington Monthly, and Texas Monthly. He has written ten books, including the National Book Award-winning National Defense, and hundreds of articles for The Atlantic, The New Yorker, the New York Times Magazine, The American Prospect, and other leading publications. His 2002 story “Iraq: The Fifty-First State?” warning about the consequences of invading Iraq won the National Magazine Award, an award for which he has been a finalist five other times. His current “American Futures” series, a collaboration with his wife, writer Deborah Fallows, describes the economic reinvention and community rejuvenation vitally and unmistakably present in their repeated visits to nearly fifty small cities and towns across America over the past three years. “American Futures” is another in Mr. Fallows’ long bibliography of immersive reporting projects that have offered nuanced analysis and informed legions of readers across the political and social spectrum and around the world. Diane Greene, University of Vermont Class of 1976, is Senior Vice President of Cloud Computing at Google and a member of the Alphabet, Inuit, and MIT Board of Directors. An early Silicon Valley entrepreneur and technologist, she has long been a leader in the burgeoning technology field, developing streaming-media platforms and computer virtualization. In 1998 she co-founded VMware with her husband, Mendel Rosenblum, introducing the revolutionary concept of virtualization, an underpinning of cloud computing that provides security, availability, and manageability benefits in the corporate world. Her impact in the technology world grew along with her reputation in the late-2000s, when she advised and invested in several startups that have become Silicon Valley successes. In 2012 she founded another startup, Bebop Technologies, focused on the enterprise SaaS (software as a service) market. When Google acquired the company in 2015, Ms. Greene joined Google as Senior Vice President of Cloud Computing in addition to her Alphabet board role. The Google Cloud division was created to bring Google’s technology assets and engineering prowess to all companies. Ms. Greene continues to play an active and influential role in developing the technology sector as one of the great success stories of American business today. Martha Pattee Heath, University of Vermont Class of 1969, is a longtime education advocate and public servant. A member of the Vermont State House of Representatives from 1992 to 2014, Ms. Heath was inspired to run for office to address Vermont’s school funding system. She served for six years on the House Committee on Education, followed by 16 years on the influential House Appropriations Committee, which she chaired from 2005 to 2014. Under her leadership, state lawmakers passed balanced budgets during one of the most severe economic downturns in Vermont’s history. Ms. Heath is widely recognized for her creative, solutions-based approach to complex issues. She was a primary architect of Vermont’s Equal Educational Opportunity Act, a funding formula that balances per-pupil spending across the state’s school districts. A former member of the University of Vermont Board of Trustees, Ms. Heath currently chairs the unified board of the Essex Westford School District and serves on the Vermont Student Assistance Corporation board. She is also a trustee of Camp Thorpe, a camp in Goshen, Vermont, founded in 1927 for campers with disabilities and developmental challenges. Through her work in improving access to educational resources, championing a comprehensive plan for a robust statewide food system, and serving the University and her regional school district as trustee and multi-year board member, Ms. Heath exemplifies the role of an engaged citizen. Her vision and dedication have improved the quality of education and life for Vermonters. David R. Nalin, M.D., pioneered oral rehydration therapy, a life-saving remedy for treating patients with cholera and other severe diarrhea illnesses estimated to have saved over 70 million lives worldwide. In 1978, the prestigious British medical journal The Lancet described oral rehydration therapy as “potentially the most important medical advance of this century.” As a consultant for the World Health Organization from 1969 to 1990, Dr. Nalin helped to establish highly successful oral rehydration therapy programs in Costa Rica, Jamaica, Jordan, and Pakistan. From 1979 to 1982 he directed the University of Maryland Pakistan Medical Research Center in Lahore, Pakistan. In 1983 he became Director of Clinical Research at Merck Research Laboratories; from 1998 until his retirement in 2002, he was the Director of Vaccine Scientific Affairs at Merck’s Vaccine Division. He is currently professor emeritus at Albany Medical College, and continues to advocate for vaccine safety research. Dr. Nalin is an avid collector of Asian art; his substantial art collection includes works from India, Bangladesh, Tibet, Nepal, and China. He and his brother, Dr. Richard Nalin (UVM ’63), have donated over two thousand pieces to U.S. museums, including to UVM’s Fleming Museum of Art; Dr. Nalin serves on the Fleming Museum Board of Advisors. Through his work as a medical ambassador and pioneer, and in his vision of preserving cultural legacies, Dr. Nalin has distinguished himself throughout his career by his dedication to humankind and his lived belief in making the world a better place for all. Alexander Nemerov, University of Vermont Class of 1985, is a celebrated author, public speaker, curator, and professor of art history. His close readings of visual artworks open pathways of personal understanding and meaning-making for his students and readers, underscoring the relevance of the humanities in our civic and personal lives. Professor Nemerov graduated cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts in art history and English. Upon earning his doctorate in the history of art from Yale University in 1992, he began teaching at Stanford University. In 2001, he returned to his graduate school alma mater, where his class “Introduction to Western Art” grew to attract one of the largest enrollments of any undergraduate class at Yale. In 2012, Professor Nemerov accepted the position as Carl and Marilynn Thoma Provostial Professor in the Arts and Humanities at Stanford University. Over the course of his 20-year career, Alexander Nemerov has published seven highly regarded books and authored more than 30 articles and essays for peer-reviewed journals. Leading his audiences to a rich and nuanced understanding of historic eras through analysis and appreciation of aesthetic expressions in a wide range of genres, his work encourages us to look for those connections ourselves. His teaching, writing, and curating reflect a profound belief in the enduring importance of the arts and humanities to a thoughtful and deeply felt life. Patrick Wong received his doctorate in biochemistry from the University of Vermont in 1975. Mentored by lipid biochemist and former UVM associate professor of biochemistry Roy Wuthier, Ph.D., it was in working with Professor Wuthier while a doctoral student at UVM’s College of Medicine that he discovered a class of lipids now known as prostaglandins. Dr. Wong is a pioneer in elucidating the role of prostaglandins in inflammation, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. A consummate researcher, Dr. Wong is credited with twenty discrete discoveries related to eicosanoids, prostaglandins, lipoxygenase products, RNA, and others. For more than 30 years, his research in eicosanoids and clinical pharmacology was supported by the National Institutes of Health and the American Heart Association. He has more than 135 publications in peer-reviewed journals and is the chief editor of several books and monographs on prostaglandin and leukotriene investigation. In 2015, Dr. Wong received the Robert Larner, M.D. College of Medicine Medical Alumni Association Distinguished Graduate Alumni Award. His dedication to scientific discovery and pursuit of advancements for human health distinguish Dr. Wong as an exemplary researcher, scholar, educator, and humanitarian. UVM’s main commencement ceremony will take place on the University Green on Sunday, May 21, at 8:20 a.m. For additional information visit: http://www.uvm.edu/~cmncmnt/ Recent Stories Officials vent to feds about immigration crackdown Delay in Arlington murder hearing blamed on… Police: Remains found in Hartford are years… Senate backs bill to examine, better fund… Herald retrenches as part of staff, payment… House approves $5.8 billion budget in near-unanimous… Filed Under: Vermont Press Releases Tagged With: UVM VTDigger.org posts press releases as a way of providing readers with information directly from businesses, state agencies, political organizations and nonprofits. Read more Email: [email protected] Latest stories by Vermont PBS and Champlain Valley Head Start Partner on Parents + Preschool Program Vermonters Prepare for People’s Climate March in Washington, D.C. 7th Annual Long Trail Century Ride Adds Biking Options Report an Error Upload a DocumentTip Drop Comment Policy VTDigger.org requires that all commenters identify themselves by their authentic first and last names. Initials, pseudonyms or screen names are not permissible. No personal harrassment, abuse, or hate speech is permitted. Be succinct and to the point. If your comment is over 500 words, consider sending a commentary instead. We personally review and moderate every comment that is posted here. This takes a lot of time; please consider donating to keep the conversation productive and informative. The purpose of this policy is to encourage a civil discourse among readers who are willing to stand behind their identities and their comments. VTDigger has created a safe zone for readers who wish to engage in a thoughtful discussion on a range of subjects. We hope you join the conversation. If you have questions or concerns about our commenting platform, please review our Commenting FAQ. Privacy policy VTDigger.org does not share specific information about our readers with other entities. Email addresses we collect through our subscription list and comment submissions are kept private. We use Google analytics to generate aggregated data regarding the size and geographic distribution of our readership. This information helps us gauge how many readers come to the website and what towns they live in. It does not include addresses or other identifying characteristics about our readers. LIKE US:     FOLLOW: Get the Daily Digger top stories, no fees, no paywalls Daily Digger & Weekly Wrap Up Weekly Wrap Up Only Learn more about Underwriting Upcoming Events Fri 31 Suburban Propane Partners with American Red Cross to Host a Blood Drive March 31 @ 11:00 am - 4:00 pm Sat 01 Me Again April 1 @ 6:00 pm - 8:00 pm Sun 02 Vanished – Film Screening April 2 @ 4:30 pm - 6:30 pm Wed 05 Results-Based Accountability 4-Part Training April 5 @ 9:00 am - 12:00 pm Wed 05 Reiki for All April 5 @ 1:00 pm - 3:00 pm View More… Donate Today We're an independent nonprofit organization, your donation helps fund the digging, and, it's tax deductible. Thanks for reporting an error with the story, "UVM Names Honorary Degree Recipients" Name* First Last Email* Error* CAPTCHA VTDigger A publication of Vermont Journalism Trust 26 State Street, Suite 8 Montpelier, VT 05602 [email protected] (802) 225-6224 www.vtdigger.org About Our Story Contact Us Underwriting Site Policies Social Media Facebook Twitter Youtube RSS Writing Staff Cate Chant Jasper Craven Mike Faher Anne Galloway Ruth Hare Elizabeth Hewitt Mark Johnson Alan J. Keays Erin Mansfield Jon Margolis Kevin O'Connor Tiffany Danitz Pache Mike Polhamus Jim Therrien Morgan True Publishing Staff Phayvanh Luekhamhan Theresa Murray-Clasen VTDigger: Led by journalists, powered by the public. The go-to source for Vermont news. Copyright © 2017 VT Digger All rights reserved.
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Zach Epstein, BGR No one buys Windows phones, so Microsoft has its own version of the Galaxy S8 Chris Smith @chris_writes March 30th, 2017 at 10:12 PM Share Tweet Microsoft might not be getting anywhere at all in the smartphone business when it comes to hardware, but the company’s software is all over Android and iOS. The company also has several patent licensing deals in place with Android vendors that have brought in a ton of cash over the years. With all that in mind, it shouldn’t be too surprising to see a Microsoft-branded Galaxy S8 that just became available for preorder today, no matter how crazy it seems. Don't Miss: Amazon’s 12 best deals: 256GB microSD card, Apple Watch case, Roku Premiere+, QHD ultrabook, more It was one thing for Samsung to partner with Google a few years ago to sell a “Google Edition” version of the Galaxy S4. That was a sort of Nexus-like device sold directly by Google to Galaxy S fans who wanted a bloatware-free Android experience. Those days are long gone, unfortunately. Now, Microsoft is taking preorders for the Galaxy S8 Microsoft Edition and the Galaxy S8+ Microsoft Edition. Microsoft is putting even more software on these special versions of the Galaxy S8 and S8+ that will be sold directly in its retail stores across America. However, you can’t preorder them online from Microsoft’s online store. “A Microsoft customization is applied to the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ Microsoft Edition when the devices are unboxed and connected to Wi-Fi,” a Microsoft spokesperson told The Verge. “This customization ensures customers a best-in-class productivity experience with Microsoft applications such as Office, OneDrive, Cortana, Outlook and more.” It sounds like the special edition phones are regular devices that will get a Microsoft bloatware package when you first connect them to Wi-Fi. Considering that many people use and appreciate Microsoft’s productivity suite, that’s totally fine. And you probably can uninstall any of the extra bloatware if you don’t need it. What’s interesting is that Office, OneDrive, and Skype all come preinstalled on the regular Galaxy S8 handsets, just like they did with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S6. It’s likely a result of a deal between the two companies following a patent fight a few years ago. But the Microsoft Edition also includes Outlook and Cortana. And yes, that means you’ll have three virtual assistants on the phone: Samsung’s Bixby, Google’s Assistant, and Microsoft’s Cortana. It’s unclear how much the special edition phone costs, and whether it will be available unlocked. However, you’d probably have to be a hardcore Microsoft and Samsung fan to go for this Galaxy S8 option, especially if you have to pay full sticker price to get it. Tags: Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8 Microsoft Edition, Samsung View Comments Trending 1 Tech A word of warning to anyone who hasn’t already updated to iOS 10.3 2 Deals Amazon’s best-selling smart thermostat works with Alexa and costs half as much as a Nest 3 Tech Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ hands-on: Samsung finally out-designed Apple’s iPhone 4 Tech No one buys Windows phones, so Microsoft has its own version of the Galaxy S8 5 Tech The 8 best new features Apple added to your iPhone in iOS 10.3 Picked For You Best Buy’s Galaxy S8 preorder deal is better than anyone else’s By Chris Smith March 29th at 11:30 AM Go get these crazy MacBook deals while you can By Chris Mills March 29th at 5:04 PM Google Pixel 3 is coming next year, and phone makers are already fighting over it By Chris Smith March 29th at 7:35 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Bug Delays Android Wear 2.0’s Release For Some Devices By Tyler Lee on 03/30/2017 19:45 PDT Android Wear was originally planned for a release back in 2016, but it was delayed to 2017. Now so far it seems that Google has pushed out the update for several Android Wear models, but unfortunately if you have yet to get the update for your (eligible) Android Wear device, you might have to wait a bit longer. This is because a bug has been discovered in Android Wear which has resulted in Google furthering the delay of the release until it can be addressed. In a statement provided to 9to5Google, “We have started rolling out the Android Wear 2.0 update to Fossil Q Founder, Casio Smart Outdoor Watch WSD-F10 and Tag Heuer Connected. For other devices, the update is currently being delayed due to a bug found in final testing. We will push the update to the remaining devices as soon as the issue is resolved.” Unfortunately Google did not mention as to when the update will be released, so for all we know it could be delayed by a couple of days, a week, a month, or more, but we guess users will just have to remain patient. As for the existing devices that have received the update, it is unclear if this bug will affect them, or if the bug is specific to the other devices that the update was meant for, but hopefully it isn’t anything too major that could disrupt usage of devices. Filed in Gadgets. Read more about Android, Android Wear, Google, Smartwatch and Wearable Tech. Related Articles 2017-03-30 Google Publishes Official Android O Walkthrough Video 2017-03-29 Android Could Beat iOS In App Store Revenue This Year 2017-03-27 Facebook Testing Option To Save Videos For Offline Viewing 2017-03-26 Nougat Update For T-Mobile’s HTC One M8 Now Available 2017-03-24 Hugo Boss Android Wear Smartwatch Announced 2017-01-23 Alleged Photos Of LG’s Android Wear 2.0 Smartwatches Leaked 2017-01-06 ZTE To Launch Android Wear Smartwatch Later This Year 2016-12-22 Google Confirms Which Devices Will Be Upgraded To Android Wear 2.0 Sony Announces ‘Venom’ Movie For Release Next Year Lucid Motors' Electric Car Price Confirmed Woman's Headphones Explode Mid-Flight Google’s Allo Can Reveal Your Search History To Your Friends User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 26 Plus 1 on G+ 46 Share on Facebook 31 Share on Twitter Total Shares103 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Article Contents 1 Teardown 1.1 Video previews and auto-play 1.2 code 1.3 User-defined actions, meet IFTTT 1.4 code 1.5 Prevent accidental and unauthorized purchases (on phones) 1.6 code 1.7 Toggle for auto-added app icons 2 Download A new version of the Google app began rolling out earlier this week, but there don't appear to be any major changes going live quite yet. However, this version does bring some big clues about upcoming changes. On the docket for this teardown is a new authentication step for purchases made through Google Assistant, video previews in search results, user-defined actions take form through IFTTT, and some people will be happy to find out that Google's launcher won't always add icons for newly installed apps. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Video previews and auto-play These days, it's pretty common to perform a Google search and get back more than just a page of links to websites. In fact, it's almost weird not to get back at least a few video suggestions, image results, or even knowledge graph info. With regular results, you'll see text previews that tell you what to expect when you get to a page. However, videos don't afford the same clues about what you're going to get, only a thumbnail, and it's usually chosen by the creator. That's going to change as Google prepares to show video previews in search results. The evidence for video previews actually comes in the form of a new setting (not currently live) that will allow users to turn video previews off. Seeing as people aren't actually seeing video previews in search results, this is a pretty good hint of what's to come. This wouldn't be Google's first foray into showing video previews, it actually became a feature on the web search results around early 2011. Users could click on a little magnifying glass for "instant previews" of pages and videos. That feature vanished at some point, but there's no denying that it can be pretty useful. code <string name="video_preference_title">Video</string> <string name="video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_title">Network</string> <string name="video_preview_autoplay_on_wifi_preference_desc">Play video previews automatically on Wi-Fi</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay">Autoplay</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data">Allow on mobile networks</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_preference">enableVideoPreviewAutoplayOnMobileDataPreference</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay_preference">enableVideoPreviewAutoplayPreference</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_network_preference_category">enableVideoPreviewNetworkPreferenceCategory</string> /res/xml/video_preference_header.xml <preference-headers xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <header android:id="@id/video_header" android:title="@string/video_preference_title" android:fragment="com.google.android.apps.gsa.staticplugins.videopreference.VideoPreferenceFragment" /> </preference-headers> /res/xml/video_preference.xml <PreferenceScreen android:id="@id/video_preference_screen" xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <SwitchPreference android:persistent="false" android:title="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay" android:key="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay_preference" android:summary="@string/video_preview_autoplay_on_wifi_preference_desc" android:defaultValue="true" /> <PreferenceCategory android:title="@string/video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_title" android:key="@string/enable_video_preview_network_preference_category"> <SwitchPreference android:persistent="false" android:title="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data" android:key="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_preference" android:defaultValue="false" /> </PreferenceCategory> </PreferenceScreen> I won't go into making predictions about web results, but it's pretty clear mobile users are going to see video previews when they use Google's search bar. How will they work and what will they look like? That I can't say for sure, but the evidence strongly suggests they'll actually auto-play, which means the thumbnails will probably disappear shortly after coming into view and frames of the video will begin running. I assume they won't begin playing audio, because that would be horrible. The auto-play setting all of this is based upon will obviously be useful for turning this feature off, which you may want to do for data conservation, or if you simply find sudden motion annoying. Wi-Fi and cellular connections can be enabled or disabled individually, but the defaults are naturally set so only Wi-Fi is enabled when this feature goes live. The one thing I notice that's missing is a way to start a preview if the auto-play setting is switched off. Perhaps this isn't included in the app itself, but will be delivered as part of Google's results, or maybe that's not actually going to be a feature, but it leads me to think Google might not be ready to launch this quite yet. User-defined actions, meet IFTTT Back in August, shortly after Google Assistant code first appeared in public releases, we got a look at the early stages of user-defined actions. When launch day came, there was no obvious sign that this feature had actually made the cut, nor were there many changes to any related text or resources since then. That is, until now. New strings reveal that Google is integrating the popular IFTTT (If-This-Then-That) service to handle custom user actions. code <string name="user_defined_action_ifttt_action_section_title">IFTTT actions</string> <string name="user_defined_action_menu_save_button">Save</string> <string name="user_defined_action_paused_action_section_title">Paused actions</string> <string name="user_defined_action_speech_recognition_prompt_text">When I say Okay Google…</string> <string name="user_defined_action_target_command_hint">Google Assistant should do</string> <string name="user_defined_action_action_list_section_title">Learned actions</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_action_section_title">Teach your assistant to…</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_do_action_title">Do something</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_ifttt_action_title">Create IFTTT action</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_say_action_title">Say something</string> <string name="user_defined_action_delete_confirmation_cancel_text">CANCEL</string> <string name="user_defined_action_delete_confirmation_delete_text">DELETE</string> <string name="user_defined_action_delete_confirmation_text">Are you sure you want to delete this action?</string> New Layouts /res/layout/assistant_user_defined_action_do_editor_layout.xml /res/layout/assistant_user_defined_action_say_editor_layout.xml New preference screen /res/xml/user_defined_action_preference_screen.xml <PreferenceScreen xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_create_action_header_key" android:order="0" /> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_active_action_category_key" android:order="1" /> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_paused_action_category_key" android:order="2" /> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_ifttt_action_category_key" android:order="3" /> </PreferenceScreen> <string name="assistant_settings_active_action_category_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionActiveActionsCategoryKey</string> <string name="assistant_settings_create_action_header_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionCreateActionHeaderKey</string> <string name="assistant_settings_ifttt_action_category_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionIFTTTActionsCategoryKey</string> <string name="assistant_settings_paused_action_category_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionPausedActionsCategoryKey</string> This might feel a bit anticlimactic since many of us have already been using IFTTT with Google Assistant. There's no reason to expect changes to that base functionality, Google is simply building a native interface for creating these actions. On the plus side, it means we don't have to use IFTTT's website... And that's definitely a good thing. (It's not a great site.) ifttt_logo There are also no clues to indicate how capable these actions are going to be. IFTTT's "Applets" are effectively made up of two parts: a service that triggers an event, and the action that is performed in response. In this case, the trigger is obviously going to be Google Assistant, and it will listen for a user-defined phrase. What isn't clear is how much control users will have to define the resulting actions; basically, if they'll have the same range of services and options for configurability as they would on the site, or if the interface will offer a limited set of options. Prevent accidental and unauthorized purchases (on phones) Purchases made through voice-activated gadgets have been a bit of a hot topic lately, particularly thanks to a series of incidents involving the Amazon Echo. A few weeks ago, Google Assistant gained some similar shopping capabilities; and while there haven't been any reports of accidental or unauthorized purchases yet, it's only a matter of time unless something is done to prevent it. Google is already working on a solution. According to new text in the app, users will soon have the option to require an additional authentication step before purchases can be completed. At this time, the only standard method of authentication is a fingerprint, which should be enough for most people. Of course, if you are using a device without a fingerprint reader, or chose not to set up a fingerprint for use on your phone, this won't do much for you. It's also noted that if authentication is set to not be required, "suspicious behavior" may still trigger a check. If this happens, it looks like a password will be necessary to complete the purchase. code <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_title">Authentication</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_section_title">Purchases on this device</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_page_header">Adjust settings for authentication when making purchases using Google Assistant on this device.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_dialog_message">Confirm with password.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_mechanism_title">Fingerprint authentication</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_mechanism_description">Allow your fingerprint to be used as authentication for Google Assistant purchases on this device.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_title">Purchase authentication</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_always">Confirmation required</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_always_required">Required for every purchase</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_never">Confirmation not required</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_never_description">We may ask if suspicious behavior is detected</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_not_required">Not required</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_not_required_detail">We may ask if suspicious behavior is detected</string> New Layouts /res/layout/assistant_payments_phone_authentication_entry.xml /res/layout/assistant_payments_phone_authentication_item.xml /res/layout/assistant_payments_phone_authentication_template.xml This feature is intended to be specific to each device, which currently means it's directed at phones. It's safe to assume there's a plan for Google Home and other voice-only appliances using Assistant, but there's nothing visible yet to indicate how that will work. I would expect a proper solution is still pending the rollout of multiple accounts on Home, at which point the signed-in users will all probably be able to perform the authentication steps on their phones to complete purchases started on Home. This should hopefully put an end to any concerns about accidental and unauthorized purchases resulting from misunderstood conversations, ambient noise, demanding children, or friends with a penchant for pranks. Toggle for auto-added app icons Finally, we get to one of those little features that seem simple, but many people are bothered to no end if they aren't available. I'm talking about the launcher's behavior of automatically adding an icon to a home screen when a new app is installed. Most third-party launchers offer users the freedom to disable this, and it's hit-and-miss for OEMs. Google's launcher counts among the ranks that doesn't give users a choice, but that's about to change. <string name="auto_add_shortcuts_label">Add icon to Home screen</string> <string name="auto_add_shortcuts_description">For new apps</string> From /xml/launcher_preferences.xml <SwitchPreference android:persistent="true" android:title="@string/auto_add_shortcuts_label" android:key="pref_add_icon_to_home" android:summary="@string/auto_add_shortcuts_description" android:defaultValue="true" /> There's not really much more to say about this other than it's placement, which will be at the bottom of the Settings screen alongside the toggles for app suggestions and allow rotation. I'm not sure why it wasn't already activated in this release, but maybe Google is waiting to roll it out remotely at some point in the near future. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 6.16.25 beta APK Mirror Download: Google app (Play Store) Tags apk apk download apk teardown app authentication authorization auto-play autoplay download downloads fingerprint ifttt launcher search results teardown user-defined actions video previews subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Just adding icon to homescreen is already present play store. Isn't it the same function? Suicide_Note That's what i was thinking too. F4LL0U7 Came here to say the same thing. Is there anyone that doesn't already uncheck that box immediately when setting up a new device? Not sure I'd expect to rely on the launcher for that. Also might cause confusion if it's enabled in one place but disabled in the other. abqnm Some third party launchers have their own independent system that doesn't rely on the Play Store setting. But Google and a few third party launchers respect that option. I guess the only thing that's really new here is that it would be an option in the settings for the Google launchers. bekifft Would be nice if they'd implement app shortcuts. Cody Toombs That's already there, but it only works on Android 7.1 and above. bekifft Well that's weird cause I have a Nexus 6P running latest software, all I get are "edit" and "remove". Pan Szym True destinyhud then u r not using google now launcher bekifft No that's true, I'm using Nova, but on literally all sides of the Google app icon are icons with working app shortcuts, some of them are even Google apps. Keep, Chrome, Phone, etc. Cody Toombs Oh, you meant you want the Google app to have app shortcuts. I thought you were asking for the Google launcher to support them (since plenty of people are still confused by how that works). So my question is... What shortcuts do you think it's supposed to have? I can't think of very many things I'd want to have in the app, short of possibly a quick way to reach Settings. bekifft Reminders is the big one for me. If they'd just add that it would be good. Lion5 I have Android 6x on my Galaxy Note 5 and with Nova, App shortcuts seem to work with quite a few apps. Most are the basic edit, remove, etc, but some like Google's apps offer more shortcuts. Corbin Davenport https://www.xkcd.com/1807/ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/1c17825b6718df9d297920ec3e00d49b4e23d8b0b0cbeafb8b0cc1a792522cc1.png Tom Hardy Managing director of Yahoo!, is suggesting folks to learn "Work at home" practice, that Internet marketers have been doing for about twelve months now. This year alone, I generated about $36k until now with no more than my personal pc as well as some extra time, although i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even most people newbie in this, actually make $50/per h easily and the profit can go even higher as time passes... This is how i started >> http://deliciousurl.com//2z XgudwilX runnin 6.16.27.21.arm64 & not seeing this Drunk Squirrel Did you even read the article? The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Grey Will it be able to change my background every eight hours without using Muzei?? Alessandro I thought Google Now Launcher was removed from the available google apps package that OEMs can include to ship with and therefore was discontinued. Wasn't GNL supposed to be removed from the playstore soon? JV Detmer Why not just random spoken words set earlier by the user. With Home? john dave This is new version of the software , let see how well it works. StephaniePeterson11 > ......................... http://deliciousurl.com//39 Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 214 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 90 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Strikethrough Text] WhatsApp Adds Quick Reply From The Notification, Multiple Contact Selection, Solid Wallpaper Colors, And Finally Dumps A Gingerbread Remnant 2016/03/30 1:00am PDTMar 30, 2016 71 2 Years Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Latest Gmail Update Brings Unified Inbox, Conversation View For Non-Gmail Accounts, Better Search, And More 2015/03/30 1:30pm PDTMar 30, 2015 15 3 Years Ago Today Music Boss For Pebble Can Now Control Playback And Volume On Chromecast Content From Your Smartwatch 2014/03/30 12:47pm PDTMar 30, 2014 42 4 Years Ago Today The Ultimate List Of Easter App And Game Sales On The Play Store [Continuously Updated] 2013/03/30 12:31pm PDTMar 30, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Google Launches Translator Toolkit, Makes It Easier To Bridge The Language Gap In Your Apps 2012/03/30 11:37pm PDTMar 30, 2012 18 6 Years Ago Today N64oid, Nintendo 64 Emulator For Android, Was Not Taken Down - It's On Hiatus Pending Performance Improvements 2011/03/30 11:39pm PDTMar 30, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Updated: Verizon Finally Starts Upgrading All Motorola Droid Users to Android 2.1 Today, Pinky Swears This Time 2010/03/30 8:10pm PDTMar 30, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 48 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 65 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 102 queries | 0.988s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google reveals all the talks taking place at this year’s Google I/O 2017 +2,256 Chris Chavez Mar 30th, 2017 Google I/O 2017 is set to take place in just a few weeks time — May 17th – 19th — and we know it’s going to be fun filled event for both devs and enthusiasts alike. Last year, Google officially announced Android Nougat, Google Home, Daydream VR, and loads more, so we’re expecting nothing short of big things at this year’s event.  Providing us with a little more context to what Google has planned for developers during the event, they’ve officially posted the event schedule on the Google IO website, detailing the entire 3-day event. A 2 hour keynote kicks off at 10AM on May 17th, followed by a handful of sessions including “What’s New in Android” at 1PM. Google opened up ticket sales for Google I/O 2017 on February 22nd, selecting applicants at via a random lottery with acceptance letters that were emailed on February 28th. Once again, the event will be taking place at the Shoreline Amphitheater in sunny Mountain View, California and if you’re one of the lucky few who will be in attendance, you’ll probably want to set a game plan before you get there. You can check out all the sessions by visiting the schedule page linked below. [Google IO 2017 Schedule] local_offer    Google I/O 2017   Google IO   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (0) stars Further Reading Android O at Google IO Google launches I/O 2017 Experiments Challenge Google I/O registration opens Google IO 2017 ticket application window dates revealed I/O 2017 will be held on May 17th - 19th in Mountain View, CA stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertGalaxy S8 leaks show multiple angles closeHere’s the Galaxy S8 from almost every angle imaginable In case you haven’t gotten enough of the Galaxy S8, here’s another set of photos to get you excited for next week’s unveiling. 2 more_vertHere are some high-quality shots of the Galax closeHere are some high-quality shots of the Galaxy S8 Plus A new series of images show off various interface aspects of the Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus. The images also show a brief size comparison to the LG V20. 3 more_vertNew Galaxy S8 leak sheds light on warranty program closeSamsung has been keeping some secrets on the Galaxy S8, until now Roland Quandt of WinFuture was able to get his hands on an array of new press images of the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus, while also sharing details we have yet to see leaked. 4 more_vertAndroid Auto vs Apple CarPlay ends in embarrassment [VIDEO] closeWatch a smug Apple CarPlay fanboy get owned by Android Auto [VIDEO] What happens when you pit Android Auto and Apple CarPlay against each other in an impromptu head-to-head battle? Well, one fanboy walks away with a severely bruised ego. 5 more_vertSamsung Galaxy S8 user guide leaked, here are the key features closeSamsung Galaxy S8’s entire user guide leaked, here are the key features Tomorrow the Samsung Galaxy S8 will be officially unveiled at their big event in New York. Before Samsung could even do the honors, it appears an employee may have jumped the gun, posting the entire user guide online for all to see. 6 more_vert10 new actions have been added to the Google Home's arsenal closeYou can now ask Google Home to help you build your own PC A series of new actions have been added to Google Assistant, making it easy to do things such as control your Roomba or keep track of expiration dates for your food. 7 more_vertQualcomm blocked Samsung closeQualcomm blocked Samsung from selling their Exynos chip to other OEMs The Exynos chips have been made exclusively for Samsung phones, but apparently, Samsung tried to sell them to other manufacturers. A new report claims Qualcomm prevented that from happening. 8 more_vertMichael Kors announces 2 new Android Wear watches closeMichael Kors announces 2 new Android Wear 2.0 watches without the ugly flat tire Fossil-owned fashion brand Michael Kors has announced 2 new Access smartwatches for launch this year. They’ll be donning Android Wear 2.0 and have some significant improvements. 9 more_vertFree App of the Week debuts on the Play Store closeGoogle introduces a “Free App of the Week” section on the Play Store Google has introduced a new “Free App of the Week” section on the Play Store, which takes a paid app or game and offers it for free for a whole week. 10 more_vertOfficial Samsung Galaxy S8 accessories leaked closeOfficial Samsung Galaxy S8 accessories leaked along with pricing info A number of high quality images have leaked showing official Galaxy S8 accessories. Check out the post for a look at Samsung’s DeX Station and a handful of different cases Samsung will be offering, but they wont come cheap. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Hot Topics: BVSD chief on leave Boulder Ice Cream co-owner Sanitas Trail 'falling apart' Man who set himself on fire dies Hit-and-run crash News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Opinion: Columnists Jim Martin: Beauty of Boulder Valley has been its undoing By Jim Martin Posted:   03/30/2017 07:40:40 PM MDT Jim Martin For the Camera "Is this the end of Boulder as we know it?" Steve Pomerance asked in his March 26 opinion column in the Daily Camera. I can answer that: Yes, the old Boulder is dead, with recent developments delivering the final blows. This is greatly distressing to me, someone that has lived here since 1961 and who has seen the unstoppable changes that surgically remove a city's charm. It was a sleepy little college community then, driven primarily by local businesses, a much-smaller University of Colorado, NCAR and Rocky Flats. Those halcyon days are gone. Boulder took many meaningful steps to control growth, such as the blue line, Boulder Valley Comprehensive Plan, the 55-foot height limit for buildings, the Danish Plan and expansion of open space. But people continued to migrate here. Many people embrace Boulder's unique culture. Still, the battle now is to keep it affordable for the middle class, what with the average home price now topping $1 million. We're paying the price for several well-intentioned initiatives that instead have limited the housing supply as the demand has risen. Much of this can be attributed to the jobs/housing imbalance. And the imminent arrival of 1,500 Google employees not only will blow the roof off of our housing costs, it also will worsen access to mountain trails, road congestion and parking (witness Chautauqua Park contemplating parking charges). Advertisement The first big change came in the mid-1960s, when IBM decided to locate a manufacturing plant in Boulder County. IBM's presence helped the university to achieve significant growth that continues. One result is that IBM produced many spinoff small companies that became big, such as Exabyte and StorageTek. In 1980, System Development Corp. tried to move its world headquarters to a mesa seven miles south of Boulder, but the city fought the move and eventually prevented it by buying the land for open space. Yes, that's how strongly Boulder wanted to control growth. But the day the music died was not Feb. 3, 1959, in Clear Lake, Iowa. For Boulder, it was Dec. 9, 2014, when the City Council capitulated to the city Planning Board's wishes and chose not to call up the decision as to whether Google should build a 330,000-square-foot campus capable of accommodating more than 1,500 workers in the center of the city. I thank Mary Young, who was the only council member then who expressed public concerns about Google's plans. The City Council should have talked more about the viability of allowing Google to proceed, as well as the future of Boulder, particularly its population density. The Planning Board deals with growth and use of land; it can approve projects, which it did for Google. Its decision is final unless the City Council calls up the board's decision. Instead, the council short-circuited one of the biggest planning decisions ever in the city (remember this in the upcoming Intergovernmental Agreement discussions). Purportedly, Google chose the four-acre parcel at 30th Street and Pearl Street because it was located at the center of the transportation hub. The high-density housing area cries out for a hub, but the existing one hasn't met expectations. RTD's failure to bring the much-touted rail connection here is one reason. And now, this is not on anyone's radar screen. Incidentally, Google is leasing another 30,000 square feet of office space in Boulder. Google is on track to be one of the top five employers in Boulder County. Its complex will be one of Google's largest U.S. locations. And the average annual Google salary far exceeds similar companies in Boulder County. Dave Krieger wrote this in December 2014: "Boulder would do well to study what is happening in San Francisco and come up with strategies to avoid the same result here. ... [T]here is a real risk of Boulder becoming essentially a gated community with only the wealthy living inside and the many workers who support the residents' lavish lifestyles commuting in from worker-bee satellite communities." Many people are oblivious to this, as evidenced by the latest U.S. Census numbers. The Flatirons backdrop is one of the most breathtaking sights anywhere. That's the one thing that has not changed. The beauty of the Boulder Valley has been its undoing. That's why people are so adamant about controlling growth. And that's why I'm troubled that the 2014 City Council abdicated to an unelected board on the Google decision. I've seen the end of Boulder as I knew it. Figuratively, we have paved paradise. Now, many people lack the code to get inside the gate. Email : jimmartin@att.blackberry.net Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Historic Alps Boulder Canyon Inn and its 'one of a kind' property for sale CU-led MAVEN mission to Mars quantifies atmospheric loss Pinwheel initiative represents child abuse awareness in Boulder County   BOCOPREPS (Jeremy Papasso / Staff Photographer) BUFFZONE Track and field: Locals break several records at Lyons Invitational Niwot girls shine on way to team crown; Monarch's Green takes 1,600 title LYONS — The motivation to qualify for next week's prestigious Arcadia Invitational paid significant dividends for Monarch distance runner Isaac Green on Thursday. Full Story Girls golf: Holy Family freshman Schalk off to blistering start Fairview's Brent Wrapp bows out of NIT semifinals with Cal State-Bakersfield Roberts races to top US finish at World Championships Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL BBRY Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Dow Jones, S&P 500 finish Thursday with slight gains >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > The Core of Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Is at Risk Multinationals' ad strike against Google and YouTube directly threatens the company's business model and GOOGL stock By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Mar 27, 2017, 9:01 am EDT Get FB alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: Tesla Inc (TSLA) CEO Elon Musk Pulls a Model 3 Bait-and-Switch The Core of Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Is at Risk Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Could Hit $1,000 by Labor Day Recent Posts: Why Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Needs an Innovative Edge ConocoPhillips (COP) Dumps Assets, Splashes Investors With Cash Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Could Hit $1,000 by Labor Day View All Posts As the weather has begun to warm, some of our best writers here at InvestorPlace have turned a little cautious on Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), the artist formerly known as Google. GOOGL stock “carries some risks,” wrote Lawrence Meyers. Chris Tyler and Nicholas Chahine recently suggested option trades on the stock, rather than an outright buy, and Tyler even offered a bearish strategy. Even I recently put an “if” in the “Google $1,000” prediction. All these stories were written before the latest news to hit the company. That news is the Google “ad strike,” which is highlighting the Achilles heel of the company’s entire business model. It threatens GOOGL stock, and it will take more than cosmetic surgery to fix. Algorithms Killed the Publishing Star The problem lies in Google’s “programmatic advertising” model, which uses intrinsic targeting to decide which ads to place in front of readers. With an intrinsic model, ads are placed based on the demographics and browsing history of users, rather than content they are looking at. Any website can get the ads, even if your page has a jihadi video on it, or anti-gay hate speech, or something else an advertiser might find objectionable. Content that YouTube will take for upload might not be the kind of content Enterprise Rent-a-Car, which recently joined the strike, wants its ad to appear next to. Between them, Google and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), which also uses programmatic computer-driven advertising, should take 46% of all digital ad spending this year, over $100 billion. The global market for online ads is approaching $600 billion, nearly 40% of all advertising. Google has been aware of the danger for some time, and its efforts to correct it by taking ads off certain sites can be as ham-handed as its advertising policy. That’s because banning decisions are still being made by computers, not by people. People are good at gaming systems, and artificial intelligence isn’t foolproof. The Real Problem Is Bigger GOOGL is not going to get any support from publishers here, because it’s publishers who have been getting killed by programmatic advertising. The whole point of publishing is to create a premium audience, aggregating people based on their location, their industry or lifestyle, and seek a premium price for reaching those people. Programmatic advertising destroys this model, allowing advertisers to pick off readers one by one, buying access to them all at a run of network price. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/alphabet-inc-googl-stock-risk/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Foolish Stocks to Buy Now 4 Technology Stocks That Are Breaking Out (Or Will Soon) 3 AI Stocks to Buy for Monster Profits Why Apple Stock Is Still a Value Play If Tesla Has a Shot at a Breakout, This Is It The 10 Best States to Retire 2017 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks You’d Be Foolish to Buy Right Now 4 Tech Stocks That Are Breaking Out (Or Will Soon) 3 Reasons Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Could Retreat 3 Artificial Intelligence Stocks to Buy for Monster Profits The 10 Best States to Retire 2017 Most Popular The 7 Best Stocks to Buy for an Income-Rich Retirement 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in April The 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Right Now The 3 Best Vanguard ETFs for Retirement The 7 Best REITs to Buy for Big (And Growing!) Yields 5 Energy Stocks to Buy as They Power Up Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Buz & Tech >Business & Industry Google downplays speculation about mainland return 2017-03-31 00:20:37 GMT2017-03-31 08:20:37(Beijing Time) Global Times The latest update to Google's Translate mobile app extends the reach of Chinese mainland users beyond a Web-based version of the translation service, the US search giant said on Thursday, downplaying renewed speculation about its mainland comeback. "The Web-version of Google Translate has always been accessible in [the market], and now Google Translate has been updated to version 5.8 on Android and iOS, [which] is an extension of Google's translation service that has always been available to [Chinese mainland] users," Google told the Global Times on Thursday. A low-key update of Google's Translate mobile app on Wednesday seems to have beefed up anticipation that Google might return to the Chinese mainland after a withdrawal from the market in 2010. Finally the translation service has been made available without using a VPN, a user named "MXHJWAY" commented Wednesday on Apple's App Store. "Does this mean it plans to launch its [mainland] comeback?" The app comes across as being well-received, with many users speaking highly of its augmented reality feature, Word Lens, that enables instant translation of text out of a photo. The fresh speculation followed recent reports that Google Scholar will be the vanguard of the US search giant's much-speculated attempt to re-enter the Chinese mainland market. "The academic sector will be the first to get through," Liu Binjie, a lawmaker and former head of the General Administration of Press and Publication, was quoted as saying in a South China Morning Post article, speaking of Google's return. Analysts, however, are less optimistic about Google's mainland return in the foreseeable future. Google has pinned big hopes on China's domestic market and hopes to cultivate mainland user stickiness by efforts such as the availability of Google Translate on mobile devices, Zhao Ziming, an analyst with Analysys International, a Beijing-based Internet consultancy, told the Global Times. But this doesn't mean Google's search services are anywhere close to returning to the mainland, Zhao said. | PRINT | RSS Add Comment SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age Comment Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News AFL Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Sport Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Business Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street Comment Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street Comment Satire The Zone Home Comment COMMENT March 31 2017 - 11:59AM Save Print License article Your doctor might Google you to discover 'the truth' Merle Spriggs 107 reading now Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More When we think about Google and health, we usually think about patients searching online for health information. But you may be surprised that some doctors Google you. An Australian survey of how doctors use social media found about 16% (about one in six) had searched for online information about a patient, with roughly similar results from studies in the US and Canada. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Sky News rejects Mark Latham's comments Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:55 More National News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:45 The problem with Dr Google The problem with Dr Google When Fairfax's Harriet Alexander takes her son to hospital with red, puffy eyes, she learns an important lesson about taking health advice from the web. Up Next Sky News rejects Mark Latham's comments Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:55 Video duration 01:55 Sky News rejects Mark Latham's comments Sky News rejects Mark Latham's comments The broadcaster has acknowledged that it aired 'falsely imputed' statements from Mark Latham about Wendy Harmer and Kristina Keneally. Up Next Bill Shorten revels in race-hate win Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:03 Video duration 02:03 Bill Shorten revels in race-hate win Bill Shorten revels in race-hate win The Opposition Leader makes merry after government moves to amend section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act are rejected by the Senate. Up Next What's in Mick Fuller's in tray? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:01 Video duration 02:01 What's in Mick Fuller's in tray? What's in Mick Fuller's in tray? SMH justice editor Nick Ralston sets out the challenges of newly appointed NSW Police Commissioner Mick Fuller. Up Next Safety warnings gone unheard Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:05 Video duration 01:05 Safety warnings gone unheard Safety warnings gone unheard Emergency services have pleaded with the public not to enter flood waters but it appears to be a message that some havenât heard. Up Next Beenleigh swamped by floodwaters Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:55 Video duration 01:55 Beenleigh swamped by floodwaters Beenleigh swamped by floodwaters RAW VISION: The famous Yatala pie shop is among dozens of properties submerged by rising floodwaters south of Brisbane on Friday. 7 News Queensland Up Next 'Sally McManarchist': PM Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:15 Video duration 00:15 'Sally McManarchist': PM 'Sally McManarchist': PM A slip of the tongue and quick jibe at the new ACTU boss Sally McManus from Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Up Next The octopus: alien of the deep Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:45 Video duration 01:45 The octopus: alien of the deep The octopus: alien of the deep Australian philosopher Peter Godfrey-Smith looks to the octopus to contemplate another consciousness. More videos The problem with Dr Google When Fairfax's Harriet Alexander takes her son to hospital with red, puffy eyes, she learns an important lesson about taking health advice from the web. This raises several ethical concerns. For instance, what if your doctor’s search through your Facebook, blog or Twitter feeds revealed aspects about your lifestyle, like drug or alcohol use, you didn’t tell your doctor directly? What if that information influenced your access to surgery? Why doctors Google patients Some doctors say they Google their patients to gather more information about them or to discover the “truth”. Armed with that information, they say they can better care for their patients and improve their health. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link What if your doctor’s search through your Facebook, blog or Twitter feeds revealed aspects about your lifestyle you didn’t tell your doctor directly? Photo: iStock For instance, a doctor may see a patient with depression’s online account of wanting to end his life as an opportunity to take action and prevent a bad outcome. Or a doctor may find out about adolescent high-risk behaviour they are not likely to talk about, like drug abuse or risky sexual behaviour, and see that as an opportunity to protect them from harm. Alternatively, some doctors Google their patients out of curiosity, voyeurism or simply habit. Advertisement This raises the issue of when a legitimate professional concern tips over into behaviour that’s unnecessary and “creepy”. To Google or not is an issue doctors admit to grappling with. In an Australian survey, when doctors were asked if it was appropriate for doctors to look up publicly available information about a patient, almost 43% said no and around 40% were unsure. Breaching trust When a doctor searches online for information about a patient without consent, their role changes from someone who works with the patient to someone who observes and spies on them. From a patient’s viewpoint, this is likely to destroy trust between the two, as it shows a lack of respect. Patients can also be directly harmed when doctors act on information they find online. If a doctor sees an online photo of a patient waiting for a liver transplant drinking alcohol when they shouldn’t be, patients risk missing out on receiving a new liver. Then there’s the issue of whether the information is recent or relevant. In the case of the liver transplant dilemma, we might not know when the photo of the liver transplant patient was taken; it is not proof the patient is drinking now. Doctors, like the rest of us, also cannot be sure online information is accurate. For instance, more than 50% of adolescents admit posting false information on social media. To act or not to act? Deciding to search for information about their patients online is not the end of the matter. Doctors also need to decide whether to admit Googling and whether to act on the information they find. Doctors are legally required under mandatory reporting laws to report information they have viewed relating to child abuse and neglect. But if they act on inaccurate information, that can harm the patient and others. If they don’t act on the information they find, they could be liable for not trying to protect the patient. In the end, doctors need to satisfy themselves that they have good reason to take action (or not take action) based on weighing up the likely benefits and harms. While there may be some justification for looking at patient information online when it relates to child safety, for adult patients, it’s a different matter. For adults, it would be easier and more respectful to just ask them. What can we do? Regardless of any ethical concerns, how realistic is it for doctors to stop Googling their patients? Using Google is so common (globally, we use it to make 3.5 billion searches a day) that it has become the default way we find out information online. Many doctors also don’t think Googling a patient is an invasion of privacy. Patients should be aware that their doctor can see and use the information they put online. To safeguard their privacy, patients can adjust their privacy settings and be careful of what they post. Perhaps there should be policy on the need for doctors to be open about Googling their patients. And, before they act on any information, patients should have an opportunity to refute or explain that information. If this doesn’t happen, we will see an continual erosion of trust between doctor and patient. Merle Spriggs is a research fellow at the Children's Bioethics Centre of University of Melbourne. This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia We're in Serious Danger Of Becoming ... Contains: External link Government FINALLY Gets Company Tax ... Contains: External link Most Popular School hair furore shows misunderstanding of anti-discrimination law Shabby, neglected, depressed: Let's drink to the Melbourne of the '90s How Chinese first home buyers trump the bank of mum and dad Why Ayaan Hirsi Ali gets up so many people's noses The fantasy that coal has a future helps no one Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Comment Why Ayaan Hirsi Ali gets up so many people's noses School hair furore shows misunderstanding of anti-discrimination law How Chinese first home buyers trump the bank of mum and dad The fantasy that coal has a future helps no one The source of Mark Latham's anger is hard to comprehend The Age Hair's a key to 'identity' but black students told to play it straight 'Big mother of a snake' photobombs mum's snap of daughter They came in their thousands to live in Cranbourne East Senate kills off Turnbull government's changes to 18C race discrimination law More borrowers falling behind for first time on mortgage The Sydney Morning Herald Residents ordered to evacuate as flood waters rise in northern NSW The career path only 8 in 6500 kids would choose Sirens sound in Lismore as levee cracks and city floods Macdonald set to share porridge and water, not pig and wine, with Obeid New rules to cool down real estate Brisbane Times Debbie's aftermath brings wild weather and chaos to Queensland's south-east 'Big mother of a snake' photobombs mum's snap of daughter Man charged over Sam Thompson's murder after police search rubbish tip, seize car Bull shark washed up onto road by flooding, locals take tooth Hair's a key to 'identity' but black students told to play it straight Canberra Times Cross-country cycling race cancelled after rider killed in crash Hair's a key to 'identity' but black students told to play it straight 'This is a travesty': Popular Civic pub 'shut until further notice' More borrowers falling behind for first time on mortgage The career path only 8 in 6500 kids would choose WA Today Pro surfers in Margaret River on high alert after salmon run triggers shark alert Hackers fail in bid to scam Perth homebuying father and son out of $200k Macdonald set to share porridge and water, not pig and wine, with Obeid The man who has stood beside Ben Cousins 'I had not a cent to my name': WA MP Anne Aly recalls breakdown at Centrelink Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 40 Plus 1 on G+ 75 Share on Facebook 89 Share on Twitter Total Shares204 Android O News Videos Series: Android O Feature Spotlights This article is part of our Android O Feature Spotlights series.Previous ArticleShow AllNext Article ... 66 30. All the Android O features we've found so far [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/25 7:38am PDTMar 25, 2017 51 31. [Update: more details] Android O feature spotlight: Notification Channels give more controls over notifications to users 2017/03/28 10:15am PDTMar 28, 2017 37 32. Android O feature spotlight: Text selection dialog now has icons and contextual actions 2017/03/28 11:29am PDTMar 28, 2017 35 33. Android O feature spotlight: There's now a progress bar for sideloading APKs 2017/03/28 12:44pm PDTMar 28, 2017 68 34. Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 View All 34 Articles In This Series Android O was revealed last week, and Google talked about the neat stuff it can do via blog posts and videos. We didn't get all the little details—those nice touches that make you smile, realizing Google takes design seriously these days. Case in point, there's a rad new animation when you open and close the notification shade. Let's watch, shall we? The above video is shown at normal speed. Notice how the icons are in that bottom strip as you open the shade. Then, they slide up as the notification they are connected to is revealed. That's cool, but it looks even cooler in slow motion.   In the above video, that same animation is playing out at one-tenth speed (this is also the case for the GIF up top).  The icons sort of float across the screen to take up their position. When you close the notifications, the icons slip back down and line up. This looks a bit like a shrunken down version of the quick settings close animation. It won't fundamentally alter the experience on Android O, but it's still cool. Tags android o animations feature spotlight series_android_o_feature_spotlights video subscribe ... Previous Story Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video ... ... Next Story TWRP adds support for the Honor 6X, Wileyfox Swift 2X, and more Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Jordan Khoviteri-Zadeh https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2e70b5d92ff6527802b46729341397b0791b1e86601708ea1d2e2d116960d6e9.gif StephaniePeterson11 > ......................... http://deliciousurl.com//39 waloody88 wow so cool :) too bad my nexus 6 will never get it :( Dirk Maybe not officially, ;-) Bewear It WILL get it, via LineageOS or any other custom ROM. You know, Nexus devices never really die... Latheryin You are missing the fact that all of Google latest code is 64 bit and the nexus 6 is 32 bit so the code is not really portable. Bewear Oh, you are right. Well, I certainly expect that some effort will be made by communities, like with ARMv6 devices. Latheryin I have spoken with many and as they are old school they know what it will entail and they have already said they are not even bothering. Many even changed devices off of the nexus 6 to the 6p because it is 64 bit. Bewear It seems I will have to jump ship soon, then, since my device is 32 bit too. Twitler What are you ? a sheap ? Don't change a Nexus at least 3-4 years.Not worth the upgrade since commnunity will take care of Nexus line better than Google ever did. Bewear The only Nexus I actually own is the Nexus 4, so I know how they can be kept alive, though it's not my main device anymore. My current device is the Moto MAXX, which is quite similar to the Nexus 6. Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher Rather looks like some animation glitch Martin I thought so too in the slow motion version, but thought it looked better at normal speed. SHunter That or Hangouts... Zsolt V Yes, and they should reassign all janitors and cafeteria workers to help out with the effort, too. P.s. I thought an inane comment like this would have been the top one. Surprised it's only #3. Suicide_Note Amazing. Maxr1998 Noticed it immediately after updating, made me smile ;) Love the attention to detail that Google is showing here! MicroNix All it does is add extra work for the SOC m477 Yeah, they should ditch the GUI altogether. Everything more than a command line is waste of resources. Nicholas Conrad Zomg, how about putting dev resources to anything else? Kehnin Dyer ui guys are BORED Nick Coad I think commenters here frequently seem to have a strange view of how software gets developed. Like people seem to think that you have 20 devs (for example) and they sit and work 100% on a single animation for four days or something. There are so many things wrong with that. Leonardo Baez This.. My god, how people can be so limited in their vision? Henry Park Because a lot of people don't know how developing software works let alone taken a programming class NothingUnknown It was either this or another messaging app. Take your pick. PVL_93_RU Looks kinda iffy, like the icons lag behind the shade Leonardo Baez 1/10th of real speed on the videos... In real speed you will not even notice Good_Ole_Pinocchio I have the new Pixel Launcher on my 6p and the "bounce" animation the Icons in these videos show, happens to the app drawer shade when I unlock the phone. Not sure how long that's been there but I just noticed it. Almost like it's saying "Hey, you can swipe up here" Abhishek Das https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/442cfb7a3fd2ab0deba7f11a64708d1a81c49b54f98d7b2e82ca4673541370df.jpg 😆😄 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d854815208e8ebd194c840a407251882b40ee69f742aa280a190fa9353c47ebe.png m477 Please stop. Konrad Krawczuk I hope its some kind of animation glitch. Looks absolutely awful. Minimalism is the key... Vivek Rameses Yeah, that is god awful. Probably a bug. Latheryin So this is what they work on while the OS has tons of issues that are far more pressing. Way to go Google. With how pointless it is there is no mistaking it came from the Google design team that I and many others are confident are pretty much blind. So yeah makes sense. Nick Coad I don't get your complaint, do you think the same people who fix low level OS bugs are working on UI animations? Is that what you actually believe? Latheryin I Believe in team work. If one fails they all fail. And the UI people have their own epic fails as of late. Nick Coad I don't understand how that's relevant to what you posted. You seem to think that this animation somehow means the OS issues are being ignored, but in reality those things are developed by different groups of people. It's like people think that they have a list of tasks and they set the entire team on each task one after the other. That's just not how it works, they will be simultaneously working on lots of shit at once across the whole team. Latheryin And it goes to show how bad that fails. Too many cooks in kitchen. They are being ignored. Just look at the shut down issue for all nexus and pixel devices after 7.0. You must never have worked on a multi-team project. Had you, then you would know that it doesn't matter what team fails. If one does the whole project fails. mchalakov I'm interested in the fails that the "UI people" did recently? Latheryin Quick tiles (waste of space) material design (text book juvenile colors) tool bars at the top of the device when they are only getting bigger. Should I keep going. Matthew Gardner That's an amazing non-response you just gave. Ever considered a career in politics? Latheryin Politics? No thanks. I have self honor. So not an option. It was an answer. It doesn't matter what part of the project fails. Give them a by because it wasn't there team is the same as a participating trophy. Both are BS. Martin Of course, how else would it work? On an unrelated note, I yelled at a gardener today. What the heck is he doing planting flowers, when he could be out fighting crime?! Nick Coad They need to slow down the speed just a tiny amount, but other than that it's a great effect. Filipe Santos Okay, now stop Google, it's too much dblock Anyone else think this doesn't look clean at all? Something about the icon beginning beneath the notification text just doesn't look good to me. Lord Argyris It's interesting how the overshoot the icons do when sliding into position isn't obvious until you see it in slow motion. I imagine if they didn't do that, the animation would look unnatural, with the icons seemingly "sticking" upon ending up in their respective notifications. A real object that moved like that and landed somewhere would bounce a bit, and so do these icons. Attention to detail--that was what Material Design was all about before we started chasing after circular icon windmills and endless UI churn. Ploppy Why would you animate something on top of something else... Nick Coad I don't even know how to respond to this. ericshmerick Gimmick gonna get old quick. BBpost Did they finally fix the issue where you get a notification beep about archiving a gmail or dismissing an exchange notification? It's really annoying when you clear out a dozen notifications and then get 12 instant notification beeps for notifications that instantly disappear. mchalakov Don't put too much thinking in this. It's just a simple animation to make someone(who notice it) smile. You know easter egg style ;) Willie Chalmers III I'm a bit indifferent to the animation change. I like the fact it's there, but maybe it's more suited to being a fade in of some kind. This doesn't feel too much like material design. Burak Çalık Its actually very good, but slow-motion view makes it look bad. mattcoz Agreed, looks terrible because the icon moves over the text. Luckily at full speed that isn't noticeable. instinct I think the opposite. We should argue about this. Ramon Add more lag to the OS. Real nice Google. Optimize more first. MeCampbell30 Looks better in slow motion to me. Looks kinda janky at regular speed. instinct I thought the same thing, It's too fast where it almost just seems to appear as if it took time to load. Fernando Pena I would never notice that if it wasn't for this post. That animation is SO FAST. I can barely see it... Mr. Spock It looks more like a bug than a feature. brolivar I could watch this all day DragoCubed It looks so good in slow motion but in real time it's simply too fast. Tahir firoz Wow 217 applications updated klaus muster ApK teardown please Car Parking Car Parking Driving Simulator is a fantastic game! It’s the best way to understand all the rules of driving and also get to exercise them interesting, however only ten challenges that we did not find everything difficult. Perfect for what it was, although not much depth. Download Link is here... https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cyberlogics.parking Vic Chai janky af. Maleko Cool? It looks like a childs idea. Just because you can animate it, doesn't mean you should. Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 214 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 6 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 724 1 Year Ago Today LG G5 Review: A Bit Of A Mess, Frankly 2016/03/31 1:41pm PDTMar 31, 2016 116 2 Years Ago Today WhatsApp Voice Calls Are Open To All In Version 2.12.19 — No Invites Needed 2015/03/31 12:45am PDTMar 31, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today [April Fools] HTC Reinvents The Nintendo Power Glove As HTC Gluuv, Makes The Same Basic Joke As Samsung 2014/03/31 8:41pm PDTMar 31, 2014 30 4 Years Ago Today Review: Jawbone UP + Android – A Baby Step Toward Truly Powerful Wearable Tech 2013/03/31 2:35pm PDTMar 31, 2013 28 5 Years Ago Today [Updated x2: Captivate, Vibrant Too] CyanogenMod 9 Nightly Builds Now Available On The Samsung Galaxy S i9000/i9000B, Captivate, And Vibrant 2012/03/31 4:02pm PDTMar 31, 2012 14 6 Years Ago Today Google's Android Market Copyright Infringement Form Wins The Troll Awards - Just Says 'crap' Upon Submission (Not An April Fool's Joke) 2011/03/31 11:28pm PDTMar 31, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Confirmed: HTC EVO 4G Will Run Froyo - The Next Version Of Android 2010/03/31 11:43pm PDTMar 31, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 49 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 67 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 127 queries | 0.559s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung Galaxy A5 & A7: Australian Review Huawei Mate 9: Australian Review Oppo R9s: Australian Review Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews North Face Access Pack: Australian Review Building The IKEA Bike Is A Pain Worth Suffering Through Samsung Powerbot VR9300 Robot Vacuum Cleaner: Australian Review DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews Review: Like Its Star, The LEGO Batman Movie Tries Way Too Hard To Be Cool The Power Rangers Movie Doesn't Actually Want To Be A Power Rangers Movie Life Is The Next Great Leap Forward For Science Fiction Horror Female-Fronted Horror Anthology XX Finds The Dread In Domesticity  Review: Like Its Star, The LEGO Batman Movie Tries Way Too Hard To Be Cool The Power Rangers Movie Doesn't Actually Want To Be A Power Rangers Movie Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets North Korean Defector Describes The Shock Of Adjusting To A Society With Advanced Technology A Squishy Robotic Octopus Tentacle Might Not Actually Be Nightmare Fuel How I Let Disney Track My Every Move Every '90s Kid Will Want This Transforming Power Rangers Megazord LEGO Set Mobile 9 Things To Know About The Samsung Galaxy S8 And Bixby Deals: Get These Extra Long Lightning Cables For 70% Off ACCC Won't Let Australia's Banks Work Together To Boycott Apple Pay Samsung's Latest Ad Is Actually Hilarious Car Tech Uber Is Trying To Keep Its Court Battle With Google Out Of The Public Eye The World's Fastest Dodgem Car Is Your Childhood Dreams Come True Report: Former British PM David Cameron Encouraged London Mayor To Drop Uber Regulations Which Character Caused The Most Damage In The 'Fast And The Furious' Movies? Online This Is Almost Certainly FBI Director James Comey's Twitter Account The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You've Never Heard Of) Oculus Founder Palmer Luckey No Longer At Facebook [Updated] Twitter Just Ruined Twitter Science & Health Freaky Experiment Allows Tadpoles To See Out Of Eyes Implanted On Their Tails The Plan To Bring A Little Bit Of Venus Back To Earth Our Greatest Geological Discovery Is This Chocolate Boulder With Edible Candy Geodes Inside This Tyrannosaur Used A 'Sixth Sense' To Hunt Its Prey Cameras Carrying A Flying Camera Drone Results In Some Beautifully Stabilised Shots Rediscovered 1920s Home Movies Are The First To Show The White House In Colour This Nest Security Flaw Is Remarkably Stupid UK Testing Out Drone Army To Beef Up Its Already Robust Surveillance State  Computing How To Get The Windows 10 Creators Update Early A '90s Version Of Snapchat Would Have Been A Whole Lot Less Confusing 8 Apps That Actually Make The Most Of An Android Tablet Windows Creators Update Is Full Of Neat Tricks You'll Never Use Gaming Superman Isn't The Only Bad Guy In Injustice 2 It's The Guardians Vs. Thanos In The First Trailer For Telltale's Guardians Of The Galaxy Game 'Monument Valley' Developers Just Released An Interactive Meditation App Watch The Halo World Championships Live (Thanks To Twitter) Entertainment There's A Scene In Alien: Covenant That Shows Destruction On A Whole New Horrific Level The American Gods Title Sequence Is A Trippy Neon Nightmare New Footage From Justice League, Wonder Woman And Aquaman Hits All The Right Notes Everything You Need To Know About Streaming Games Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You've Never Heard Of) Deals: Get These Extra Long Lightning Cables For 70% Off In Defence Of The Bin Chicken Scientists Found A Link Between Electromagnetic Field Exposure And Motor Neurone Disease Uber Is Trying To Keep Its Court Battle With Google Out Of The Public Eye Rhett Jones Mar 31, 2017, 11:30am ⋅ Filed to:  anthony levandowski arbitration google lawsuit otto self driving car wars travis kalanick uber Share Last month Google filed a lawsuit against Uber alleging that the ridesharing company colluded with a former Google engineer to steal trade secrets and proprietary designs from the Waymo self-driving car unit. Yesterday, Uber's lawyers filed a motion to move the case into the dark hole of arbitration. Photo: AP The motion revealed for the first time that Google had previously filed two arbitration demands against the former engineer, Anthony Levandowski. The demands claimed that Levandowski had used confidential information about employee's salaries in order to poach his former co-workers for his own self-driving car company Otto which Uber quickly purchased for $US680 million ($888 million). Lawyers for Uber are now trying to use that previous arbitration as an argument that this case should be handled outside of a public courtroom as well. The New York Times explains: Uber wants to settle the lawsuit in arbitration, arguing that Waymo's claims stem from Mr. Levandowski's time at Google and are covered by an arbitration clause in his employment contract... In Wednesday's motion, Uber said that Waymo filed two arbitration demands against Mr. Levandowski in October saying that he breached the confidentiality agreement in his employment contract with Google when he used confidential salary information to make "targeted offers to Waymo's employees" to aid Uber and Otto. Similarly, he used that information to induce "Waymo employees to join a competing driverless-car enterprise," according to court documents. Arturo Gonzalez, one of Uber's lawyers, writes in the demand, "The broad arbitration provisions in Levandowski's employment contracts require that disputes with anyone arising out of or related to Levandowski's employment must be arbitrated." It's understandable that Uber would want to handle things in arbitration for its relative speediness compared to a federal lawsuit. But what's strange is that it's only seeking to move the trade secrets and unfair competition claims, both of which it claims are meritless. Uber said that Waymo's claims about patent infringement should continue in federal court. Does Uber think it has a better chance of having the claims dismissed in arbitration? Is it worried that a court battle over its allegedly shady practices might further tarnish its already dire reputation? Maybe, they're worried that a jury would be predisposed to dislike Uber. Whatever the reasoning is, I know that I want to see this battle play out. [New York Times] WATCH MORE: Car News Comments Almost Guest Mar 31, 2017, 12:13pm Like all big companies, Uber wants the law to vigorously defend them except when it's alleged that they've broken the law. Then it's "against public interest" or "against the intent of the constitution" or some other bs. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now The Galaxy S8 Is Samsung's Biggest (And Safest) Bet Yet Campbell Simpson 30 Mar 2017 2:00 AM The brand new Samsung Galaxy S8, just introduced to the world at Unpacked in New York, is Samsung's best phone ever. It's the most powerful, with an innovative screen and a design that's incredibly refined. It has Bixby, a voice agent that wants to be just as useful and integral to your phone as touch already is. It has a new motion-sensitive Gear VR headset and works with a new high-resolution Gear 360 camera. At the same time, there's no one standout feature or gimmick with the new phone from the world's largest phone maker that makes you go wow -- after travelling the rocky road paved by the Galaxy Note7, Samsung is concentrating on getting the basics right with the S8 and larger S8+. Amazon Is Coming To Australia In 2018 Chris Jager 29 Mar 2017 12:00 PM Amazon's Australian rollout plan has just been laid out by a former executive of the company - and we finally have a launch date. From next year, Australians will reportedly be able to use the online shopping service to purchase a huge variety of products, including groceries, clothing, electronics and even takeaway food. Here are all the services Australia will be getting. from fresh food delivery to Amazon Prime Now. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Get These Extra Long Lightning Cables For 70% Off Deals: Netflix And Chill Around The Globe With This Unblocker Deals: Boost Your Mac's Functionality With This App Bundle Deals: Charge Your iPhone 7 And Listen to Music With These 2-In-1 Cables Trending Articles 1 The Galaxy S8 Is Samsung's Biggest (And Safest) Bet Yet 2 Amazon Is Coming To Australia In 2018 3 9 Things To Know About The Samsung Galaxy S8 And Bixby Superman Isn't The Only Bad Guy In Injustice 2 The Plan To Bring A Little Bit Of Venus Back To Earth It's The Guardians Vs. Thanos In The First Trailer For Telltale's Guardians Of The Galaxy Game 9 Things To Know About The Samsung Galaxy S8 And Bixby Podcast: Ron Gilbert, Zelda Secrets, Returning To Destiny Blizzard Shuts Down Mod Aiming To Make World Of Warcraft's Story Better Zelda Player Beats Guardian In Underpants On A Horse Street Fighter 5 Fans Are Proving Akuma Sucks By Obliterating Him In Two Combos YouTube Roundup: Watch The Best Online Videos Of The Week Would You Rather Get $1 Million Or $5000 A Month For Retirement? When Meditation Doesn't Work, Try Journaling To Stay Sane Six Questions We Have About Amazon Shopping In Australia The 10 most important things in the world right now Here's what economists are saying about APRA's latest measures to reduce housing market risks The Australian government has joined the YouTube advertiser boycott 10 things you need to know in markets today © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish A Bunch Of Upcoming Google Allo Features Have Been Uncovered By Tyler Lee on 03/30/2017 17:54 PDT With the way Google has been approaching Hangouts, it is clear that that they are positioning its Allo app for regular consumers, while Hangouts will be aimed at more users with more enterprise needs. If you’re still hesitating on getting on board with Allo, then you might be interested to learn that Google has a bunch of new features for the app in the works. According to the folks at 9to5Google, after some digging they have discovered some upcoming features of the app that Google could be implementing in the near future. One of those features includes a backup and restore feature, which presumably would allow users to backup their chats and restore them, which will come in handy after a factory reset or if you’ve gotten a new device. There also appears to be a “Quick selfie” feature where there will be a camera icon placed next to the text entry field, where pressing it will launch the camera app where you can snap a photo and send it to immediately to the person you’re chatting with. Google also appears to be adding more sticker options to that app, and last but not least 9to5Google has discovered an incognito mode for group chats. Assuming this is like incognito mode for Chrome, this should allow users to create private group chats where presumably things like your chat log will not be recorded (we’re assuming since the feature isn’t live yet). In any case these are some of the features that users can potentially look forward to in future updates to the app. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about allo, Apps and Google. Related Articles 2017-03-30 You Can Now Book Fitness Classes Via Google 2017-03-30 Google Publishes Official Android O Walkthrough Video 2017-03-30 HTC Reportedly Trying To Land Contract To Build The Pixel 3 2017-03-29 Android Could Beat iOS In App Store Revenue This Year 2017-03-15 Google’s Allo Can Reveal Your Search History To Your Friends 2017-03-02 Google Makes Sharing In Allo Smarter 2017-02-23 Google Teases Screenshot Of Allo For The Web 2017-02-01 Google Allo For Android Drops Out Of Top 500 Apps Chart Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Education NewsSports News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Leisure » The Untangler Last Modified: Mon, Mar 27 2017. 05 46 PM IST Constraints can give rise to some great ideas Much like many other aspects of creative life, constraints can make you both more efficient and more creative Subscribe to our newsletter. Sidin Vadukut Learn to tailor work with the constraints. Photo: iStockphoto This week’s meditation on the untangled life is in two parts. The first has to do with hardware and the second with software, which is an elegant arrangement, don’t you think? Late last year, my daughter, and I love her very much indeed, dropped a glass of water on my laptop, a five-year old Apple MacBook Air. RIP. So with a heavy heart, but a light wallet, I decided to purchase a new machine. And mostly out of budget constraints, but partly out of curiosity, I purchased a cheap and cheerful Acer Chromebook R 11 with 4 GB RAM and a touchscreen. This is not a review of the machine. But I really do like it very much. It is light and sturdy and has excellent battery life. It excels at working within the Google ecosystem. But most of all, it has an extremely limited collection of apps and extensions. Wait. Did I just say that I like it for its limited app ecosystem?! Yes. Let me explain. When you use an operating system like Windows or macOS you have a universe of useful applications to choose from that can achieve every conceivable task. Thus many people often end up downloading very specific apps to do very specific things. Which is great. But eventually, especially if you are undisciplined, like I am, you end up with tons of apps that you rarely use but are loath to uninstall. This usually clogs up the hard drive on your machine and weighs your operating system down with detritus. The Chromebook is far more constrained (for now. Soon all new Chromebooks will run Android apps, which is still constraining in some sense). The only apps and extensions you can install on your Chromebook are those that work off the browser. Essentially, everything you do on a Chromebook happens within the constraints of a browser window. Install a Slack or a Google Hangouts app and what you get are the browser versions of those apps running inside specific windows. Then there are browser extensions which can get a fair amount done while you are on the Web, such as bookmark sites (Pocket), cite papers (Paperpile), or relay mobile notifications (Pushbullet). Overindulge, however, and you end up ruining your browser experience. And all these constraints are a good thing? Yes. Because you learn to tailor your laptop-usage behaviour to make maximum use of these constraints. Much like many other aspects of creative life, these constraints can make you both more efficient and more creative. This has been my experience. I’ve now developed an on-the-go working style in which I’ve learnt to make the most of Google Docs and a short set of other apps and extensions such as Google Hangouts for communication, Pocket Casts for podcast listening, Paperpile for citations, Kindle Cloud Reader and, most of all, WorkFlowy. I am amazed that I hadn’t heard of WorkFlowy until I purchased the Chromebook. WorkFlowy is, to put it simply, an app for writing and maintaining bulleted lists. I know exactly what you’re thinking right now: Aren’t there a million list-making apps? And can’t you just make lists in Google Docs or Evernote or whatever? Yes, yes and yes. But WorkFlowy is brilliant in a few ways. First, it is fast, simple, and syncs brilliantly with the WorkFlowy Android app on my phone. Second, it will take you no more than 15 minutes to figure out how it works. It has no bloat. Third, there is a great online community of users and WorkFlowy buffs who have great ideas and templates that you may find useful. (I recently found a great template to outline and write book-length manuscripts). But what I love most about WorkFlowy, and why it has become central to my day-to-day life, are the collapsing and zooming functions. Everything in WorkFlowy exists as an entry on a list. So your highest-level lists could be: Work, Home, Things To Do, Shopping List. You have sublists (Book Manuscript), and then further lists (Character Outlines) nesting within each of them, and so on. How much you want to see on the screen is up to you. You can collapse or expand as you wish. Zooming brings added focus. Suppose you want to outline the Butler character in your crime novel. You can zoom right into the Butler Outline bullet point in your WorkFlowy app, and everything on the screen will go away. What is left is a clean, pure environment ready for taking copious notes. Without your mind being distracted by the shopping list or the “Books To Buy” list lurking in the periphery. Done with work? Zoom right out again and tackle something else. It all sounds simple indeed. And it is. This is why it works on a Chromebook. But WorkFlowy has been a great addition to my workflow. Full functionality requires a paid account, but I highly recommend giving the demo a shot. I have hundreds of entries in dozens of lists that all exist safely tucked away inside an entirely manageable list of half-a-dozen top-level superlists. Constraints are not all that bad. They often give rise to some great ideas. Sidin Vadukut Topics: Constraints Windows macOS Chromebook. WorkFlowy Apps More From Livemint READ MORE Instances of inefficient behaviour in nearly 97% of delayed cases: report NDTV to SC: Won’t apologize for Pathankot attack coverage Celebrity management firm Kwan launches marketplace for digital entertainment First Published: Mon, Mar 27 2017. 05 44 PM IST Editor's Picks Hero, Honda offer discounts of up to Rs12,500 on BS-III models to beat SC ban Snapdeal misses out on funding as SoftBank feuds with Kalaari Capital, Nexus UDAN: Govt awards 128 regional routes to Air India, SpiceJet among others Latest News Instances of inefficient behaviour in nearly 97% of delayed cases: report NDTV to SC: Won’t apologize for Pathankot attack coverage Celebrity management firm Kwan launches marketplace for digital entertainment UP meat sellers end strike on assurances of no crackdown by Yogi Adityanath govt DA case: Delhi HC dismisses Himachal CM Virbhadra Singh’s plea against CBI Mint On Sunday When songs from rural grind mills make it online Musings from the IISc Open Day: Bringing science to the masses How to get rich like Warren Buffett Secrets from the highest-grossing restaurant in New York Letter from... a biennale Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 40 Plus 1 on G+ 75 Share on Facebook 89 Share on Twitter Total Shares204 Android O News Videos Series: Android O Feature Spotlights This article is part of our Android O Feature Spotlights series.Previous ArticleShow AllNext Article ... 66 30. All the Android O features we've found so far [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/25 7:38am PDTMar 25, 2017 51 31. [Update: more details] Android O feature spotlight: Notification Channels give more controls over notifications to users 2017/03/28 10:15am PDTMar 28, 2017 37 32. Android O feature spotlight: Text selection dialog now has icons and contextual actions 2017/03/28 11:29am PDTMar 28, 2017 35 33. Android O feature spotlight: There's now a progress bar for sideloading APKs 2017/03/28 12:44pm PDTMar 28, 2017 68 34. Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 View All 34 Articles In This Series Android O was revealed last week, and Google talked about the neat stuff it can do via blog posts and videos. We didn't get all the little details—those nice touches that make you smile, realizing Google takes design seriously these days. Case in point, there's a rad new animation when you open and close the notification shade. Let's watch, shall we? The above video is shown at normal speed. Notice how the icons are in that bottom strip as you open the shade. Then, they slide up as the notification they are connected to is revealed. That's cool, but it looks even cooler in slow motion.   In the above video, that same animation is playing out at one-tenth speed (this is also the case for the GIF up top).  The icons sort of float across the screen to take up their position. When you close the notifications, the icons slip back down and line up. This looks a bit like a shrunken down version of the quick settings close animation. It won't fundamentally alter the experience on Android O, but it's still cool. Tags android o animations feature spotlight series_android_o_feature_spotlights video subscribe ... Previous Story Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video ... ... Next Story TWRP adds support for the Honor 6X, Wileyfox Swift 2X, and more Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Jordan Khoviteri-Zadeh https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2e70b5d92ff6527802b46729341397b0791b1e86601708ea1d2e2d116960d6e9.gif StephaniePeterson11 > ......................... http://deliciousurl.com//39 waloody88 wow so cool :) too bad my nexus 6 will never get it :( Dirk Maybe not officially, ;-) Bewear It WILL get it, via LineageOS or any other custom ROM. You know, Nexus devices never really die... Latheryin You are missing the fact that all of Google latest code is 64 bit and the nexus 6 is 32 bit so the code is not really portable. Bewear Oh, you are right. Well, I certainly expect that some effort will be made by communities, like with ARMv6 devices. Latheryin I have spoken with many and as they are old school they know what it will entail and they have already said they are not even bothering. Many even changed devices off of the nexus 6 to the 6p because it is 64 bit. Bewear It seems I will have to jump ship soon, then, since my device is 32 bit too. Twitler What are you ? a sheap ? Don't change a Nexus at least 3-4 years.Not worth the upgrade since commnunity will take care of Nexus line better than Google ever did. Bewear The only Nexus I actually own is the Nexus 4, so I know how they can be kept alive, though it's not my main device anymore. My current device is the Moto MAXX, which is quite similar to the Nexus 6. Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher Rather looks like some animation glitch Martin I thought so too in the slow motion version, but thought it looked better at normal speed. SHunter That or Hangouts... Zsolt V Yes, and they should reassign all janitors and cafeteria workers to help out with the effort, too. P.s. I thought an inane comment like this would have been the top one. Surprised it's only #3. Suicide_Note Amazing. Maxr1998 Noticed it immediately after updating, made me smile ;) Love the attention to detail that Google is showing here! MicroNix All it does is add extra work for the SOC m477 Yeah, they should ditch the GUI altogether. Everything more than a command line is waste of resources. Nicholas Conrad Zomg, how about putting dev resources to anything else? Kehnin Dyer ui guys are BORED Nick Coad I think commenters here frequently seem to have a strange view of how software gets developed. Like people seem to think that you have 20 devs (for example) and they sit and work 100% on a single animation for four days or something. There are so many things wrong with that. Leonardo Baez This.. My god, how people can be so limited in their vision? Henry Park Because a lot of people don't know how developing software works let alone taken a programming class NothingUnknown It was either this or another messaging app. Take your pick. PVL_93_RU Looks kinda iffy, like the icons lag behind the shade Leonardo Baez 1/10th of real speed on the videos... In real speed you will not even notice Good_Ole_Pinocchio I have the new Pixel Launcher on my 6p and the "bounce" animation the Icons in these videos show, happens to the app drawer shade when I unlock the phone. Not sure how long that's been there but I just noticed it. Almost like it's saying "Hey, you can swipe up here" Abhishek Das https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/442cfb7a3fd2ab0deba7f11a64708d1a81c49b54f98d7b2e82ca4673541370df.jpg 😆😄 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d854815208e8ebd194c840a407251882b40ee69f742aa280a190fa9353c47ebe.png m477 Please stop. Konrad Krawczuk I hope its some kind of animation glitch. Looks absolutely awful. Minimalism is the key... Vivek Rameses Yeah, that is god awful. Probably a bug. Latheryin So this is what they work on while the OS has tons of issues that are far more pressing. Way to go Google. With how pointless it is there is no mistaking it came from the Google design team that I and many others are confident are pretty much blind. So yeah makes sense. Nick Coad I don't get your complaint, do you think the same people who fix low level OS bugs are working on UI animations? Is that what you actually believe? Latheryin I Believe in team work. If one fails they all fail. And the UI people have their own epic fails as of late. Nick Coad I don't understand how that's relevant to what you posted. You seem to think that this animation somehow means the OS issues are being ignored, but in reality those things are developed by different groups of people. It's like people think that they have a list of tasks and they set the entire team on each task one after the other. That's just not how it works, they will be simultaneously working on lots of shit at once across the whole team. Latheryin And it goes to show how bad that fails. Too many cooks in kitchen. They are being ignored. Just look at the shut down issue for all nexus and pixel devices after 7.0. You must never have worked on a multi-team project. Had you, then you would know that it doesn't matter what team fails. If one does the whole project fails. mchalakov I'm interested in the fails that the "UI people" did recently? Latheryin Quick tiles (waste of space) material design (text book juvenile colors) tool bars at the top of the device when they are only getting bigger. Should I keep going. Matthew Gardner That's an amazing non-response you just gave. Ever considered a career in politics? Latheryin Politics? No thanks. I have self honor. So not an option. It was an answer. It doesn't matter what part of the project fails. Give them a by because it wasn't there team is the same as a participating trophy. Both are BS. Martin Of course, how else would it work? On an unrelated note, I yelled at a gardener today. What the heck is he doing planting flowers, when he could be out fighting crime?! Nick Coad They need to slow down the speed just a tiny amount, but other than that it's a great effect. Filipe Santos Okay, now stop Google, it's too much dblock Anyone else think this doesn't look clean at all? Something about the icon beginning beneath the notification text just doesn't look good to me. Lord Argyris It's interesting how the overshoot the icons do when sliding into position isn't obvious until you see it in slow motion. I imagine if they didn't do that, the animation would look unnatural, with the icons seemingly "sticking" upon ending up in their respective notifications. A real object that moved like that and landed somewhere would bounce a bit, and so do these icons. Attention to detail--that was what Material Design was all about before we started chasing after circular icon windmills and endless UI churn. Ploppy Why would you animate something on top of something else... Nick Coad I don't even know how to respond to this. ericshmerick Gimmick gonna get old quick. BBpost Did they finally fix the issue where you get a notification beep about archiving a gmail or dismissing an exchange notification? It's really annoying when you clear out a dozen notifications and then get 12 instant notification beeps for notifications that instantly disappear. mchalakov Don't put too much thinking in this. It's just a simple animation to make someone(who notice it) smile. You know easter egg style ;) Willie Chalmers III I'm a bit indifferent to the animation change. I like the fact it's there, but maybe it's more suited to being a fade in of some kind. This doesn't feel too much like material design. Burak Çalık Its actually very good, but slow-motion view makes it look bad. mattcoz Agreed, looks terrible because the icon moves over the text. Luckily at full speed that isn't noticeable. instinct I think the opposite. We should argue about this. Ramon Add more lag to the OS. Real nice Google. Optimize more first. MeCampbell30 Looks better in slow motion to me. Looks kinda janky at regular speed. instinct I thought the same thing, It's too fast where it almost just seems to appear as if it took time to load. Fernando Pena I would never notice that if it wasn't for this post. That animation is SO FAST. I can barely see it... Mr. Spock It looks more like a bug than a feature. brolivar I could watch this all day DragoCubed It looks so good in slow motion but in real time it's simply too fast. Tahir firoz Wow 217 applications updated klaus muster ApK teardown please Car Parking Car Parking Driving Simulator is a fantastic game! It’s the best way to understand all the rules of driving and also get to exercise them interesting, however only ten challenges that we did not find everything difficult. Perfect for what it was, although not much depth. Download Link is here... https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cyberlogics.parking Vic Chai janky af. Maleko Cool? It looks like a childs idea. Just because you can animate it, doesn't mean you should. Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 214 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 6 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 724 1 Year Ago Today LG G5 Review: A Bit Of A Mess, Frankly 2016/03/31 1:41pm PDTMar 31, 2016 116 2 Years Ago Today WhatsApp Voice Calls Are Open To All In Version 2.12.19 — No Invites Needed 2015/03/31 12:45am PDTMar 31, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today [April Fools] HTC Reinvents The Nintendo Power Glove As HTC Gluuv, Makes The Same Basic Joke As Samsung 2014/03/31 8:41pm PDTMar 31, 2014 30 4 Years Ago Today Review: Jawbone UP + Android – A Baby Step Toward Truly Powerful Wearable Tech 2013/03/31 2:35pm PDTMar 31, 2013 28 5 Years Ago Today [Updated x2: Captivate, Vibrant Too] CyanogenMod 9 Nightly Builds Now Available On The Samsung Galaxy S i9000/i9000B, Captivate, And Vibrant 2012/03/31 4:02pm PDTMar 31, 2012 14 6 Years Ago Today Google's Android Market Copyright Infringement Form Wins The Troll Awards - Just Says 'crap' Upon Submission (Not An April Fool's Joke) 2011/03/31 11:28pm PDTMar 31, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Confirmed: HTC EVO 4G Will Run Froyo - The Next Version Of Android 2010/03/31 11:43pm PDTMar 31, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 49 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 67 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 127 queries | 0.559s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 26 Plus 1 on G+ 46 Share on Facebook 31 Share on Twitter Total Shares103 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Article Contents 1 Teardown 1.1 Video previews and auto-play 1.2 code 1.3 User-defined actions, meet IFTTT 1.4 code 1.5 Prevent accidental and unauthorized purchases (on phones) 1.6 code 1.7 Toggle for auto-added app icons 2 Download A new version of the Google app began rolling out earlier this week, but there don't appear to be any major changes going live quite yet. However, this version does bring some big clues about upcoming changes. On the docket for this teardown is a new authentication step for purchases made through Google Assistant, video previews in search results, user-defined actions take form through IFTTT, and some people will be happy to find out that Google's launcher won't always add icons for newly installed apps. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Video previews and auto-play These days, it's pretty common to perform a Google search and get back more than just a page of links to websites. In fact, it's almost weird not to get back at least a few video suggestions, image results, or even knowledge graph info. With regular results, you'll see text previews that tell you what to expect when you get to a page. However, videos don't afford the same clues about what you're going to get, only a thumbnail, and it's usually chosen by the creator. That's going to change as Google prepares to show video previews in search results. The evidence for video previews actually comes in the form of a new setting (not currently live) that will allow users to turn video previews off. Seeing as people aren't actually seeing video previews in search results, this is a pretty good hint of what's to come. This wouldn't be Google's first foray into showing video previews, it actually became a feature on the web search results around early 2011. Users could click on a little magnifying glass for "instant previews" of pages and videos. That feature vanished at some point, but there's no denying that it can be pretty useful. code <string name="video_preference_title">Video</string> <string name="video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_title">Network</string> <string name="video_preview_autoplay_on_wifi_preference_desc">Play video previews automatically on Wi-Fi</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay">Autoplay</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data">Allow on mobile networks</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_preference">enableVideoPreviewAutoplayOnMobileDataPreference</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay_preference">enableVideoPreviewAutoplayPreference</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_network_preference_category">enableVideoPreviewNetworkPreferenceCategory</string> /res/xml/video_preference_header.xml <preference-headers xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <header android:id="@id/video_header" android:title="@string/video_preference_title" android:fragment="com.google.android.apps.gsa.staticplugins.videopreference.VideoPreferenceFragment" /> </preference-headers> /res/xml/video_preference.xml <PreferenceScreen android:id="@id/video_preference_screen" xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <SwitchPreference android:persistent="false" android:title="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay" android:key="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay_preference" android:summary="@string/video_preview_autoplay_on_wifi_preference_desc" android:defaultValue="true" /> <PreferenceCategory android:title="@string/video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_title" android:key="@string/enable_video_preview_network_preference_category"> <SwitchPreference android:persistent="false" android:title="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data" android:key="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_preference" android:defaultValue="false" /> </PreferenceCategory> </PreferenceScreen> I won't go into making predictions about web results, but it's pretty clear mobile users are going to see video previews when they use Google's search bar. How will they work and what will they look like? That I can't say for sure, but the evidence strongly suggests they'll actually auto-play, which means the thumbnails will probably disappear shortly after coming into view and frames of the video will begin running. I assume they won't begin playing audio, because that would be horrible. The auto-play setting all of this is based upon will obviously be useful for turning this feature off, which you may want to do for data conservation, or if you simply find sudden motion annoying. Wi-Fi and cellular connections can be enabled or disabled individually, but the defaults are naturally set so only Wi-Fi is enabled when this feature goes live. The one thing I notice that's missing is a way to start a preview if the auto-play setting is switched off. Perhaps this isn't included in the app itself, but will be delivered as part of Google's results, or maybe that's not actually going to be a feature, but it leads me to think Google might not be ready to launch this quite yet. User-defined actions, meet IFTTT Back in August, shortly after Google Assistant code first appeared in public releases, we got a look at the early stages of user-defined actions. When launch day came, there was no obvious sign that this feature had actually made the cut, nor were there many changes to any related text or resources since then. That is, until now. New strings reveal that Google is integrating the popular IFTTT (If-This-Then-That) service to handle custom user actions. code <string name="user_defined_action_ifttt_action_section_title">IFTTT actions</string> <string name="user_defined_action_menu_save_button">Save</string> <string name="user_defined_action_paused_action_section_title">Paused actions</string> <string name="user_defined_action_speech_recognition_prompt_text">When I say Okay Google…</string> <string name="user_defined_action_target_command_hint">Google Assistant should do</string> <string name="user_defined_action_action_list_section_title">Learned actions</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_action_section_title">Teach your assistant to…</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_do_action_title">Do something</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_ifttt_action_title">Create IFTTT action</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_say_action_title">Say something</string> <string name="user_defined_action_delete_confirmation_cancel_text">CANCEL</string> <string name="user_defined_action_delete_confirmation_delete_text">DELETE</string> <string name="user_defined_action_delete_confirmation_text">Are you sure you want to delete this action?</string> New Layouts /res/layout/assistant_user_defined_action_do_editor_layout.xml /res/layout/assistant_user_defined_action_say_editor_layout.xml New preference screen /res/xml/user_defined_action_preference_screen.xml <PreferenceScreen xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_create_action_header_key" android:order="0" /> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_active_action_category_key" android:order="1" /> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_paused_action_category_key" android:order="2" /> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_ifttt_action_category_key" android:order="3" /> </PreferenceScreen> <string name="assistant_settings_active_action_category_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionActiveActionsCategoryKey</string> <string name="assistant_settings_create_action_header_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionCreateActionHeaderKey</string> <string name="assistant_settings_ifttt_action_category_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionIFTTTActionsCategoryKey</string> <string name="assistant_settings_paused_action_category_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionPausedActionsCategoryKey</string> This might feel a bit anticlimactic since many of us have already been using IFTTT with Google Assistant. There's no reason to expect changes to that base functionality, Google is simply building a native interface for creating these actions. On the plus side, it means we don't have to use IFTTT's website... And that's definitely a good thing. (It's not a great site.) ifttt_logo There are also no clues to indicate how capable these actions are going to be. IFTTT's "Applets" are effectively made up of two parts: a service that triggers an event, and the action that is performed in response. In this case, the trigger is obviously going to be Google Assistant, and it will listen for a user-defined phrase. What isn't clear is how much control users will have to define the resulting actions; basically, if they'll have the same range of services and options for configurability as they would on the site, or if the interface will offer a limited set of options. Prevent accidental and unauthorized purchases (on phones) Purchases made through voice-activated gadgets have been a bit of a hot topic lately, particularly thanks to a series of incidents involving the Amazon Echo. A few weeks ago, Google Assistant gained some similar shopping capabilities; and while there haven't been any reports of accidental or unauthorized purchases yet, it's only a matter of time unless something is done to prevent it. Google is already working on a solution. According to new text in the app, users will soon have the option to require an additional authentication step before purchases can be completed. At this time, the only standard method of authentication is a fingerprint, which should be enough for most people. Of course, if you are using a device without a fingerprint reader, or chose not to set up a fingerprint for use on your phone, this won't do much for you. It's also noted that if authentication is set to not be required, "suspicious behavior" may still trigger a check. If this happens, it looks like a password will be necessary to complete the purchase. code <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_title">Authentication</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_section_title">Purchases on this device</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_page_header">Adjust settings for authentication when making purchases using Google Assistant on this device.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_dialog_message">Confirm with password.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_mechanism_title">Fingerprint authentication</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_mechanism_description">Allow your fingerprint to be used as authentication for Google Assistant purchases on this device.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_title">Purchase authentication</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_always">Confirmation required</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_always_required">Required for every purchase</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_never">Confirmation not required</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_never_description">We may ask if suspicious behavior is detected</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_not_required">Not required</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_not_required_detail">We may ask if suspicious behavior is detected</string> New Layouts /res/layout/assistant_payments_phone_authentication_entry.xml /res/layout/assistant_payments_phone_authentication_item.xml /res/layout/assistant_payments_phone_authentication_template.xml This feature is intended to be specific to each device, which currently means it's directed at phones. It's safe to assume there's a plan for Google Home and other voice-only appliances using Assistant, but there's nothing visible yet to indicate how that will work. I would expect a proper solution is still pending the rollout of multiple accounts on Home, at which point the signed-in users will all probably be able to perform the authentication steps on their phones to complete purchases started on Home. This should hopefully put an end to any concerns about accidental and unauthorized purchases resulting from misunderstood conversations, ambient noise, demanding children, or friends with a penchant for pranks. Toggle for auto-added app icons Finally, we get to one of those little features that seem simple, but many people are bothered to no end if they aren't available. I'm talking about the launcher's behavior of automatically adding an icon to a home screen when a new app is installed. Most third-party launchers offer users the freedom to disable this, and it's hit-and-miss for OEMs. Google's launcher counts among the ranks that doesn't give users a choice, but that's about to change. <string name="auto_add_shortcuts_label">Add icon to Home screen</string> <string name="auto_add_shortcuts_description">For new apps</string> From /xml/launcher_preferences.xml <SwitchPreference android:persistent="true" android:title="@string/auto_add_shortcuts_label" android:key="pref_add_icon_to_home" android:summary="@string/auto_add_shortcuts_description" android:defaultValue="true" /> There's not really much more to say about this other than it's placement, which will be at the bottom of the Settings screen alongside the toggles for app suggestions and allow rotation. I'm not sure why it wasn't already activated in this release, but maybe Google is waiting to roll it out remotely at some point in the near future. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 6.16.25 beta APK Mirror Download: Google app (Play Store) Tags apk apk download apk teardown app authentication authorization auto-play autoplay download downloads fingerprint ifttt launcher search results teardown user-defined actions video previews subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Just adding icon to homescreen is already present play store. Isn't it the same function? Suicide_Note That's what i was thinking too. F4LL0U7 Came here to say the same thing. Is there anyone that doesn't already uncheck that box immediately when setting up a new device? Not sure I'd expect to rely on the launcher for that. Also might cause confusion if it's enabled in one place but disabled in the other. abqnm Some third party launchers have their own independent system that doesn't rely on the Play Store setting. But Google and a few third party launchers respect that option. I guess the only thing that's really new here is that it would be an option in the settings for the Google launchers. bekifft Would be nice if they'd implement app shortcuts. Cody Toombs That's already there, but it only works on Android 7.1 and above. bekifft Well that's weird cause I have a Nexus 6P running latest software, all I get are "edit" and "remove". Pan Szym True destinyhud then u r not using google now launcher bekifft No that's true, I'm using Nova, but on literally all sides of the Google app icon are icons with working app shortcuts, some of them are even Google apps. Keep, Chrome, Phone, etc. Cody Toombs Oh, you meant you want the Google app to have app shortcuts. I thought you were asking for the Google launcher to support them (since plenty of people are still confused by how that works). So my question is... What shortcuts do you think it's supposed to have? I can't think of very many things I'd want to have in the app, short of possibly a quick way to reach Settings. bekifft Reminders is the big one for me. If they'd just add that it would be good. Lion5 I have Android 6x on my Galaxy Note 5 and with Nova, App shortcuts seem to work with quite a few apps. Most are the basic edit, remove, etc, but some like Google's apps offer more shortcuts. Corbin Davenport https://www.xkcd.com/1807/ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/1c17825b6718df9d297920ec3e00d49b4e23d8b0b0cbeafb8b0cc1a792522cc1.png Tom Hardy Managing director of Yahoo!, is suggesting folks to learn "Work at home" practice, that Internet marketers have been doing for about twelve months now. This year alone, I generated about $36k until now with no more than my personal pc as well as some extra time, although i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even most people newbie in this, actually make $50/per h easily and the profit can go even higher as time passes... This is how i started >> http://deliciousurl.com//2z XgudwilX runnin 6.16.27.21.arm64 & not seeing this Drunk Squirrel Did you even read the article? The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Grey Will it be able to change my background every eight hours without using Muzei?? Alessandro I thought Google Now Launcher was removed from the available google apps package that OEMs can include to ship with and therefore was discontinued. Wasn't GNL supposed to be removed from the playstore soon? JV Detmer Why not just random spoken words set earlier by the user. With Home? john dave This is new version of the software , let see how well it works. StephaniePeterson11 > ......................... http://deliciousurl.com//39 Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 214 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 90 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Strikethrough Text] WhatsApp Adds Quick Reply From The Notification, Multiple Contact Selection, Solid Wallpaper Colors, And Finally Dumps A Gingerbread Remnant 2016/03/30 1:00am PDTMar 30, 2016 71 2 Years Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Latest Gmail Update Brings Unified Inbox, Conversation View For Non-Gmail Accounts, Better Search, And More 2015/03/30 1:30pm PDTMar 30, 2015 15 3 Years Ago Today Music Boss For Pebble Can Now Control Playback And Volume On Chromecast Content From Your Smartwatch 2014/03/30 12:47pm PDTMar 30, 2014 42 4 Years Ago Today The Ultimate List Of Easter App And Game Sales On The Play Store [Continuously Updated] 2013/03/30 12:31pm PDTMar 30, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Google Launches Translator Toolkit, Makes It Easier To Bridge The Language Gap In Your Apps 2012/03/30 11:37pm PDTMar 30, 2012 18 6 Years Ago Today N64oid, Nintendo 64 Emulator For Android, Was Not Taken Down - It's On Hiatus Pending Performance Improvements 2011/03/30 11:39pm PDTMar 30, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Updated: Verizon Finally Starts Upgrading All Motorola Droid Users to Android 2.1 Today, Pinky Swears This Time 2010/03/30 8:10pm PDTMar 30, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 48 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 65 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 102 queries | 0.988s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 31, 3:07 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Galaxy S8 Vs Google Pixel: Price And Specs Comparison For Samsung And Google's Latest Flagship Phones By Fionna Agomuoh @FionnaatIBT On 03/30/17 AT 8:43 PM Close Samsung’s new flagships, the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus were announced Wednesday and will hit the market in late- April. The Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus will compete with many other premium devices on the market, including the Google Pixel and Pixel XL. Google’s 2016 flagships are a new product line for the tech giant. They are intended to work with Google’s Daydream virtual reality protocol and its Daydream headset. The Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus will likely also work with Daydream; however, Samsung has not spoken about the compatibility. Samsung’s new devices showcase new features such as the Bixby AI assistant, iris scanning and facial recognition biometrics and a virtual home button replacing a physical key, which expands the device’s display to an 18:9:5 aspect ratio. The Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus are intended to work well with video and with Samsung’s own VR headset, Gear VR. Are you unsure about whether you will purchase the Galaxy S8 or the Pixel? Here’s a comparison of Samsung and Google’s latest flagship smartphones. Display Samsung Galaxy S8: 5.8-inch Quad HD dual-edge / 6.2-inch Quad HD dual-edge (Plus) Google Pixel: 5-inch Full HD / 5.5-inch Full HD (XL) Processor Samsung Galaxy S8: Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 / Exynos 8895 Google Pixel: Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 RAM Samsung Galaxy S8: 4GB Google Pixel: 4GB Internal Storage Samsung Galaxy S8: 64GB; MicroSD expansion up to 256GB Google Pixel: 32GB or 128GB Camera Samsung Galaxy S8: 12-megapixel rear, 8-megapixel front Google Pixel: 12.3-megapixel rear, 8-megapixel front Battery Samsung Galaxy S8: 3,000mAh, 3,500mAh (Plus) Google Pixel: 2,770 mAh, 3,450 mAh (XL) Charging Samsung Galaxy S8: Quick charge 4.0, fast wireless charging    Google Pixel: Fast charging Power Samsung Galaxy S8: USB-C Google Pixel: USB-C OS Samsung Galaxy S8: Android 7.0 Nougat (native)   Google Pixel: Android 7.1 Nougat Resistance Samsung Galaxy S8: IP68 water and dust resistant    Google Pixel: N/a Special Sensors Samsung Galaxy S8: Fingerprint, Iris, Facial recognition   Google Pixel: Fingerprint Price Samsung Galaxy S8: $750 / $850 (Plus) Google Pixel: $649 / $769 (XL) Release Date Samsung Galaxy S8: April 21 Google Pixel: Available now Colors Samsung Galaxy S8: Midnight black, Maple gold, Orchid gray, Blue Coral, Arctic Silver color Google Pixel: Very Silver, Quite Black, Really Blue Related Stories Samsung Galaxy X vs. Google Pixel 2` Microsoft Is Selling Its Own Version Of The Samsung Galaxy S8 Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business Facebook Bets Big On Messaging The core Facebook app is still front and center, but messaging is increasingly integral to Facebook's business. Technology Tinder Is Reportedly Changing the Way It Uses Customer Data In Norway Norway's consumer council had objected to how Tinder uses customer data. World This Poisonous Fish Bites Very Hard, But It Doesn’t Hurt The venomous fang blenny, a small fish that lives in coral reefs in the Pacific region, releases opioids in the bodies of its victims. National Trump Hints At Changing Libel Laws President Donald Trump, who had earlier raised the issue during his election campaign, hinted at a possible move Thursday as he attacked the New York Times for its negative coverage. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Park placed behind bars over corruption scandal The Korea Herald > Business > Technology Artificial intelligence gains momentum among IT companies   Published : 2017-03-31 09:36 Updated : 2017-03-31 14:22 Artificial intelligence, for the past few decades, used to be a staple of science fiction films in which a future was depicted as being full of robots that are as smart as humans. In "A.I. Artificial Intelligence," directed by Steven Spielberg and released in 2001, a robotic boy even dreams of becoming "real" so he can gain the love of his human parents. Now, AI and cybernetics are moving beyond the realm of fiction and are penetrating deeper into our everyday lives. Without realizing it, AI has started to exert considerable influence on our daily lives, ranging from voice-recognized personal assistants like Google Inc.'s Siri and Amazon Inc.'s Alexa, to more fundamental technologies such as deep learning algorithms. The photo shows the historic Go match was held between Google Inc.'s Artificial Intelligence program AlphaGo and South Korean Go champ Lee Se-dol. (Yonhap) The sharp interest in AI is being spearheaded by not only global Internet giants like Google, Amazon and IBM Corp. but also a string of startups in the sector that are trying to acquire the core AI technologies such as machine learning, automatic translation, self-driving cars and smart robotics. US tech firm Google is clearly the leader in this field, by first grabbing the attention of the public through a high-profile match between its AI program AlphaGo and South Korean Go champ Lee Se-dol in 2016. The historic victory of AlphaGo highlighted how a computer software has mastered the ancient Chinese board game that was considered impossible for computers to win and showed how far machine learning has progressed. Adding to its deep learning platform, Google has applied its AI technology to a translation platform by becoming the first to introduce its Neural Machine Translation system last year that significantly improves translation quality and reduces errors. The NMT system is based on a deep learning framework that learns from millions of examples from over 100 different languages. Unlike previous machine translations that were adopted 10 years ago, the new system considers an entire sentence as one unit. Previous systems independently translated words and phrases within a sentence. "The way Google Translate works is that it crawls and indexes content that is already translated by humans," said Barak Turovsky, who is responsible for product management for Google Translate. Like the historic Go match, a group of four professional translators competed against three AI-powered programs provided by Google, South Korea's top Internet provider Naver Inc. and leading automated interpretation company Systran International earlier this year. At the event, professional translators did better in translating random English articles -- literature and non-literature -- into Korean and Korean articles into English than the machines. Among the AI-powered translators, Google scored higher than its rival AI machines. "Google Translate increases accuracy in full sentence translations, and the figure quality is expected to get higher as more data piles up over time," said Lois Kim, a Google Korea official. The translation platform currently converts phrases and sentences from English to eight other languages, including Korean. The company said it plans to apply NMT to other languages in its translation service. Google's AI can not only understand languages like Korean, but can now translate between two languages it has not even been trained to. In addition to automated translation, Google also adopted a machine learning algorithm to its computer vision model of Google Photos to produce captions that can accurately describe images. The service -- both available online and through mobile applications -- can back up, organize and label the photos automatically so that the users can quickly find them. "We hope the computer vision model goes beyond average human level," Neil Alldrin, an engineer at Google's image search team, told reporters in March. Watson, IBM's AI-powered system, has worked in fields like health care, finance and retail to utilize big data and help doctors find treatments for cancer, one of the leading causes of death in the world. Noticeably, Watson for Oncology is designed to assist doctors to make more informed treatment decisions by analyzing a patient's medical information against a vast array of data and expertise to provide evidence-based treatment options. Last year, Gachon University Gil Medical Center in Seoul employed Watson for the first time in the world to assist doctors in diagnosing cancer. Earlier this month, the Busan National University Hospital located in South Korea's second largest city and Konyang University Hospital at the central part of the country also adopted the system to assist the oncologists. "Watson makes a decision based on solid proof from real-time medical data that comes out every day. With the help of Watson, doctors can find the best treatment solution," said Park Geon-wook, an oncologist at Dongsan Medical Center. Since doctors are struggling to keep up with the large volume of research and medical records that are produced day after day, Watson scales vital knowledge by analyzing the meaning and context of data, IBM said. Andrew Norden, Deputy Chief Health Officer at IBM Watson Health, said AI devices like Watson were created to help doctors, not to replace them. The doctor added that Watson can become human doctors' greatest helper, predicting more hospitals will adopt the system in the near future. The AI technology can also be found on roads as automated vehicles are starting to appear, with global carmakers and tech firms like Google BMW and Mercedes-Benz leading the trend. Google first began testing an automated vehicle in 2012 and the transportation department in the United States announced definitions of different levels of automation, which was later adopted by most of the countries in the world. South Korea's top Internet portal operator Naver Corp. joined a race here for the development of autonomous cars after gaining government permission for a road test of its autonomous vehicle. (Naver Corp.) South Korea's top Internet portal operator Naver Corp. also recently joined a race here for the development of autonomous cars after gaining government permission for a road test of its autonomous vehicle. The vehicle was the 13th self-driving car to have obtained a license plate in South Korea since the transportation ministry introduced a temporary license system for self-driving cars under development in February 2016. Among other local developers of self-driving cars are top automakers Hyundai Motor Co. and Kia Motors Corp. The two, along with their auto-parts-making affiliate Hyundai Mobis Co., have obtained test licenses for six self-driving cars. Despite the convenience that AI can bring to everyday life, the growth of technology has raised other questions and even concerns of allowing machines to think for themselves, with some having reservations that such developments will pose a threat to humanity. Experts and academia are divided over the issue, with one side saying that jobs could become extinct due to such technological advances once AI becomes smarter than humans. On the other hand, many experts say that AI will only serve to strengthen a human's capabilities. "AI is sometimes misunderstood as the technology that will replace humans. However, the core value of AI is that it enhances human's ability so that they could do jobs that they were unable to do before," said Kim Jin-hyung, chief of private-funded AI Research Center. "The result depends on how humans utilize AI and there is a need for further discussion on the ethical and social implications." (Yonhap) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Park placed behind bars over... 2. Businesses remain mum amid f... 3. Korea's antitrust watchdog a... 4. Sewol ends final voyage at M... 5. Arrest of ousted Park puts S... 6. Korea to host global forum o... 7. South Gyeongsang Province Go... 8. Seoul protests Japan’s Dokd... 9. Daily debit card spending in... 10. Kim Jong-nam's body, 2 NK su... 1. Park arrested over corruptio... 2. Ahn surges to narrow gap wit... 3. Woman dies after binging on ... 4. Pressure on China 5. Sewol ends final voyage, arr... 6. Future cars take center sta... 7. Teenager kidnaps, kills 8-ye... 8. N.Korea says body of murder ... 9. Parties, presidential conten... 10. Ousted Park shows up to atte... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Go Search Go Contents Go to bottom site map N. Korea steps up attacks on Park amid signs of diplomacy Latest News Park says S. Korea, U.S. won't tolerate N. Korean provocations Pause Prev Next Search Search Area Search 2013-05-09 (Thursday) Weather 22.8℃Chuncheon 2subscribebuttonsubscribebutton Facebook Twitter Rss Global Navigation HOME NATIONAL Politics/Diplomacy Society NORTH KOREA BUSINESS Industry Economy Market Tech/Science CULTURE/SPORTS Culture Sports KOREAN WAVE K-Wave News K-Wave Photos K-Wave Videos PHOTOS All N. Korea FOCUS Select Language ALL HEADLINES All Headlines (Yonhap Feature) Artificial intelligence gains momentum among IT companies. 2017/03/31 09:00 Tweet Facebook Share Google +1 Reduce Enlarge Print By Kim Han-joo SEOUL, March 31 (Yonhap) -- Artificial intelligence (AI), for the past few decades, used to be a staple of science fiction films in which a future was depicted as being full of robots that are as smart as humans. In "A.I. Artificial Intelligence," directed by Steven Spielberg and released in 2001, a robotic boy even dreams of becoming "real" so he can gain the love of his human parents. Now, AI and cybernetics are moving beyond the realm of fiction and are penetrating deeper into our everyday lives. Without realizing it, AI has started to exert considerable influence on our daily lives, ranging from voice-recognized personal assistants like Google Inc.'s Siri and Amazon Inc.'s Alexa, to more fundamental technologies such as deep learning algorithms. The sharp interest in AI is being spearheaded by not only global Internet giants like Google, Amazon and IBM Corp. but also a string of startups in the sector that are trying to acquire the core AI technologies such as machine learning, automatic translation, self-driving cars and smart robotics. U.S. tech firm Google is clearly the leader in this field, by first grabbing the attention of the public through a high-profile match between its AI program AlphaGo and South Korean Go champ Lee Se-dol in 2016. The historic victory of AlphaGo highlighted how a computer software has mastered the ancient Chinese board game that was considered impossible for computers to win and showed how far machine learning has progressed. The photo shows the historic Go match was held between Google Inc.'s Artificial Intelligence program AlphaGo and South Korean Go champ Lee Se-dol. (Yonhap) Adding to its deep learning platform, Google has applied its AI technology to a translation platform by becoming the first to introduce its Neural Machine Translation (NMT) system last year that significantly improves translation quality and reduces errors. The NMT system is based on a deep learning framework that learns from millions of examples from over 100 different languages. Unlike previous machine translations that were adopted 10 years ago, the new system considers an entire sentence as one unit. Previous systems independently translated words and phrases within a sentence. "The way Google Translate works is that it crawls and indexes content that is already translated by humans," said Barak Turovsky, who is responsible for product management for Google Translate. Like the historic Go match, a group of four professional translators competed against three AI-powered programs provided by Google, South Korea's top Internet provider Naver Inc. and leading automated interpretation company Systran International earlier this year. At the event, professional translators did better in translating random English articles -- literature and non-literature -- into Korean and Korean articles into English than the machines. Among the AI-powered translators, Google scored higher than its rival AI machines. "Google Translate increases accuracy in full sentence translations, and the figure quality is expected to get higher as more data piles up over time," said Lois Kim, a Google Korea official. An Artificial Intelligence-based translation software in a competition against professional human translators in Seoul on Feb. 21, 2017. (Yonhap) The translation platform currently converts phrases and sentences from English to eight other languages, including Korean. The company said it plans to apply NMT to other languages in its translation service. Google's AI can not only understand languages like Korean, but can now translate between two languages it has not even been trained to. In addition to automated translation, Google also adopted a machine learning algorithm to its computer vision model of Google Photos to produce captions that can accurately describe images. The service -- both available online and through mobile applications -- can back up, organize and label the photos automatically so that the users can quickly find them. "We hope the computer vision model goes beyond average human level," Neil Alldrin, an engineer at Google's image search team, told reporters in March. Watson, IBM's AI-powered system, has worked in fields like health care, finance and retail to utilize big data and help doctors find treatments for cancer, one of the leading causes of death in the world. Noticeably, Watson for Oncology is designed to assist doctors to make more informed treatment decisions by analyzing a patient's medical information against a vast array of data and expertise to provide evidence-based treatment options. Last year, Gachon University Gil Medical Center in Seoul employed Watson for the first time in the world to assist doctors in diagnosing cancer. Earlier this month, the Busan National University Hospital located in South Korea's second largest city and Konyang University Hospital at the central part of the country also adopted the system to assist the oncologists. "Watson makes a decision based on solid proof from real-time medical data that comes out every day. With the help of Watson, doctors can find the best treatment solution," said Park Geon-wook, an oncologist at Dongsan Medical Center. Since doctors are struggling to keep up with the large volume of research and medical records that are produced day after day, Watson scales vital knowledge by analyzing the meaning and context of data, IBM said. Andrew Norden, Deputy Chief Health Officer at IBM Watson Health, said AI devices like Watson were created to help doctors, not to replace them. The doctor added that Watson can become human doctors' greatest helper, predicting more hospitals will adopt the system in the near future. The AI technology can also be found on roads as automated vehicles are starting to appear, with global carmakers and tech firms like Google BMW and Mercedes-Benz leading the trend. Google first began testing an automated vehicle in 2012 and the transportation department in the United States announced definitions of different levels of automation, which was later adopted by most of the countries in the world. South Korea's top Internet portal operator Naver Corp. joined a race here for the development of autonomous cars after gaining government permission for a road test of its autonomous vehicle. (Photo courtesy of Naver Corp.) (Yonhap) South Korea's top Internet portal operator Naver Corp. also recently joined a race here for the development of autonomous cars after gaining government permission for a road test of its autonomous vehicle. The vehicle was the 13th self-driving car to have obtained a license plate in South Korea since the transportation ministry introduced a temporary license system for self-driving cars under development in February 2016. Among other local developers of self-driving cars are top automakers Hyundai Motor Co. and Kia Motors Corp. The two, along with their auto-parts-making affiliate Hyundai Mobis Co., have obtained test licenses for six self-driving cars. Despite the convenience that AI can bring to everyday life, the growth of technology has raised other questions and even concerns of allowing machines to think for themselves, with some having reservations that such developments will pose a threat to humanity. Experts and academia are divided over the issue, with one side saying that jobs could become extinct due to such technological advances once AI becomes smarter than humans. On the other hand, many experts say that AI will only serve to strengthen a human's capabilities. "AI is sometimes misunderstood as the technology that will replace humans. However, the core value of AI is that it enhances human's ability so that they could do jobs that they were unable to do before," said Kim Jin-hyung, chief of private-funded AI Research Center. "The result depends on how humans utilize AI and there is a need for further discussion on the ethical and social implications."    khj@yna.co.kr (END) Most Viewed Seoul to ban smoking at cultural asset sites (4th LD) Park apologizes over alleged sexual misconduct by ex-spokesman Ssangyong says resumption of overnight shift turning point of normalization (2nd LD) N. Korea's Kaesong region sure to be listed as UNESCO world heritage N. Korean escapees to S. Korea to fall 20 pct this year: official More Most Viewed Photos News Focus Samsung aims to use Galaxy S8 to lead global smartphone market S. Korea football coach still in hot water despite win over Syria Households make up less of S. Korea's gross disposable income in 2016 Desperate presidential hopefuls seek alliance, but with little hope 4 Korean films expected to go Cannes As hit TV dramas phase out, eclipsed underdogs seek limelight Emerging ferry sounds clarion call for truth, reconciliation (News Focus) Controversy continues over 'hard choice' for Daewoo Shipbuilding News All headlines National North Korea Business Culture / Sports Korean Wave Photo news Graphic news Focus Most viewed Special Features Interviews Features Topics Miscellaneous Newspaper headlines Today in Korean history Yonhap News summary Editorials from dailies Tools RSS Mobile Service Twitter Facebook Information Photo/Video Archives Korea in brief Useful links Festival Calendar Weather Overseas Networks About Yonhap About Us Contact Us Subscription Copyright N.K Archives N.K Newsletter Vantage Point Copyrights Yonhap News Agency. All Rights Reserved.
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up YouTube scandal leaves APAC marketers 'unfazed' News, 31 March 2017 Topics Online video effectiveness SINGAPORE: As widely reported over the past fortnight, many of the world's leading brands have pulled ads from Google-owned YouTube following reports that ads have been served on extremist websites, but it appears marketers in APAC remain sanguine on the issue. According to Campaign Asia, which sounded out the opinion of some leading industry practitioners in the region, many are taking a long-term approach and expect Google to deal with the issue over time. In the meantime – as with ad fraud, ad blocking and viewability – this latest problem to affect digital advertising is being seen as an opportunity for brands and advertisers to learn more about the channel. The experts contacted by Campaign Asia agreed that the issue of ad misplacement is nothing new and nor will it be solved in the short-term, meaning that the attention it is now receiving should be welcomed. "Because Google has dominated online video advertising for so long, and at such a large scale, local publishers are taking the chance to take a punch at Google when they can," said Joe Nguyen, APAC SVP at comScore. But, he added: "Shutting off all Facebook or YouTube is just silly." And that's because YouTube's channel partners are well understood and represent a relatively safe pool of content, he said. Nguyen expressed confidence that Google will announce more measures to address the immediate issue in the short-term, and this would then encourage brands to spend again. However, brands would still have to accept that there always will be some level of risk associated with digital advertising. "Yes, you have to do certain brand safety hygiene, but you can never be 100% brand safe," he said. Meanwhile, one of Campaign Asia's other sources, who works for a media network on the programmatic side, confirmed that multinational brands represent the majority of brands in the region who have suspended their marketing activity. And Scott McBride, APAC Chief Digital Officer with IPG Mediabrands, said there has been no real pattern to the reactions from brands, adding that multinational and local brands are responding on a market-by market basis. "Google understands the pressure they are under," he added. Data sourced from Campaign Asia; additional content by WARC staff Sign up for daily news Latest News China's online shoppers look to ANZ for food News UK consumers trust content from brands News YouTube scandal leaves APAC marketers 'unfazed' News JPMorgan cuts its ads to just 5,000 sites News Vauxhall ends national football sponsorship News Mars tests TV ads with neuro tools News Google is most valuable US brand News Video brand risk declined last year View more News and Opinion More from WARC How to develop an effective YouTube content strategy How to create content for YouTube’s “ecosystem of passions” Should companies be creators on YouTube? Get a demo Topics Online video effectiveness 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message WARC has a new look Here’s what’s changed: A new navigation bar, taking you to the best WARC content quickly A better, less cluttered search experience A reworked home page, with signposts to key areas of WARC A fully responsive site, making it easier to use WARC on the go Plus a new colour palette, new branding and a fresh look and feel across the site Learn More Maybe Later × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up Google is most valuable US brand News, 31 March 2017 Topics Brand valuation NEW YORK: Internet giant Google has overtaken Apple to be named the most valuable brand in the US, according to the latest rankings of America's top 500 companies. Despite having to weather ongoing criticism about its placement of customers' ads, Google has ended Apple's five-year reign as the most valuable brand in the US, according to strategic consultancy Brand Finance. Based on a range of factors used to assign a company's brand value – including marketing investment, familiarity and sustainability – Brand Finance valued Google at $109.47bn, up 24% from last year's valuation of $88.17bn. Meanwhile, Apple saw its brand value fall 27% over the same period from almost $146bn to $107.14bn in this year's study as it was reported to have failed to maintain its reputation for transformative technology. Along with Google, e-commerce giant Amazon was another big winner this year, having seen its brand value grow 53% since early 2016 to $106.39bn. Brand Finance noted that Amazon has started to take its grocery service overseas for the first time this year and also plans to create 100,000 jobs in the US over the next 18 months. "Such confidence suggests that, with a brand value only fractionally behind Apple and Google already, Amazon could easily become the most valuable brand in the US and the rest of the world in 2018, provided it can establish a more emotional connection with consumers," the report said. Facebook's brand value continued to accelerate over the past year, Brand Finance confirmed, as it valued the social media network at almost $62bn, up 82% since last year. However, it warned that globally Facebook has been outdone by China's biggest tech brands, such as Alibaba (+94%), WeChat (+103%) and Tencent (+124%). Elsewhere, Coca-Cola saw its brand value decline 7% to $31.88bn, placing the beverages firm 16th in the rankings. This represented a significant fall from its heyday in 2007 when the company was Brand Finance's top brand with a valuation of $43.1bn. "Increasing concerns over the links between carbonated drinks and obesity have begun to undermine what the Coca-Cola brand has represented for over 100 years," the report noted, as it also identified a similar trend in the fast food industry. Brand Finance said the brand values of McDonald's, KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut, Subway and Domino's all fell since last year as they faced heavy competition in an increasingly fragmented market as well as the emergence of healthy challenger brands. That said, the overall outlook for America's top 500 brands looks positive and their combined brand value now exceeds $3 trillion, up 11% since 2016. Along with Google, Apple and Amazon, the top 10 most valuable brands in the US also includes AT&T, Microsoft, Verizon, Walmart, Facebook, Wells Fargo and McDonald's. Data sourced from Brand Finance; additional content by WARC staff Sign up for daily news Latest News China's online shoppers look to ANZ for food News UK consumers trust content from brands News YouTube scandal leaves APAC marketers 'unfazed' News JPMorgan cuts its ads to just 5,000 sites News Vauxhall ends national football sponsorship News Mars tests TV ads with neuro tools News Google is most valuable US brand News Video brand risk declined last year View more News and Opinion More from WARC Google: London Community Noticeboard – Old Street The Brand in the Boardroom: How Ogilvy & Mather Reinvented The Marketing Principles of Brand Valuation Customer experience: Australia's new branding battleground Taking brand tracking to the next level: How experiences can predict behaviour Get a demo Topics Brand valuation 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message WARC has a new look Here’s what’s changed: A new navigation bar, taking you to the best WARC content quickly A better, less cluttered search experience A reworked home page, with signposts to key areas of WARC A fully responsive site, making it easier to use WARC on the go Plus a new colour palette, new branding and a fresh look and feel across the site Learn More Maybe Later × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Twitter Facebook Follow us: Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media Tools Advertise Google Implementing New Innovations for Measuring Store Visits News· Paid Search March 30, 2017 News Paid Search Matt SouthernMarch 30, 2017 SEJ STAFF 199SHARES 148READS 199SHARES 148READS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 199SHARES 148READS ADVERTISEMENT Google has announced a series of new innovations which will improve how the search giant measures store visits in AdWords. In addition to making store visits available to more advertisers worldwide, these new innovations will be able to report on more store visits for those already using store visit insights. Since introducing store visit measurement two years ago, Google AdWords has measured over 4 billion store visits around the world. Here’s how it will improve store visit measurement going forward. More Data, Same Accuracy Through evolving its measurement technology in the areas of machine learning, mapping technology and survey quality — Google AdWords is now able to report on more store visits while maintaining the same level of accuracy. Deep Learning Google AdWords has upgraded its store visit measurement technology with deep learning models. These upgrades will allow the company to measure store visits in difficult areas, such as multi-story malls and locations where multiple businesses are close together. New Mapping Initiatives Google has improved the way it’s able to map the exact geography and geometry of business locations. Its store visit measurement technology now has a better idea of where physical business locations begin and end. This was accomplished through refreshed imagery from Google Earth and Google Street View, and scanning the Wi-Fi strength inside buildings to figure out their true boundaries. Manual Verification of Store Visits Google is using surveys to have customers manually verify that they’ve visited a business. This data is then used to calibrate Google’s machine learning models. This allows Google to report on more store visits which may have otherwise been excluded. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts New Google AdWords Reports Help Smart Marketers Increase Store Visits Google Continues to Rev Up Remarketing With Latest AdWords Innovations 7 Things Marketers Need to Know About AdWords Store Visit Conversions New Google AdWords Extensions Help Manufacturers Drive In-Store Sales ADVERTISEMENT Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) Google iPhone App Updated With New 3D Touch Controls - March 30, 2017 Bing Releases an iMessage Extension, a Potential Google Allo Competitor - March 30, 2017 Bing Ads Will Stop Supporting Monthly Budgets as of April 30 - March 30, 2017 Download: Our E-Books For Free Get our latest SEO guide, social media strategy, and content marketing whitepaper by subscribing to our newsletter below! Invalid email address.   ADVERTISEMENT Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: SEJ Summit 2017 Upcoming Event: Chicago See all SEJ Summit Conferences #SEJThinktank Webinar Site Audits with SEJ Wed. April 5th, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Search Engine Nerds Best Practices for 2017 SEO Audits See all Search Engine Nerds Podcasts ADVERTISEMENT Popular Posts 1 Which Is Better: Facebook Advertising or Google AdWords? 11.6K reads 3/3/2017 2 Google: New Industry Benchmarks for Mobile Page Speed 8.4K reads 2/28/2017 3 Old-School SEO: 6 On-Page Optimization Techniques that Google Hates 6.4K reads 3/16/2017 4 8 Modern Link Acquisition Tactics that Work 5.9K reads 3/13/2017 5 3 Excel Formulas for Google’s Keyword Planner Search Volume Numbers 5.0K reads 3/10/2017See All Popular Posts ADVERTISEMENT SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Uber exec accused of stealing Google’s self-driving car secrets takes the Fifth in face of possible ‘criminal action’ By Ethan Baron / March 30, 2017 at 4:32 PM Uber executive Anthony Levandowski, accused in a lawsuit of stealing trade secrets from Google’s self-driving car program, is asserting his Fifth Amendment right to avoid incriminating himself, according to a new report. Levandowski had led Google’s autonomous-vehicle program — spun off earlier this year into its own company, Waymo — and before he quit, he systematically plundered Google’s systems of valuable proprietary data, some of which is allegedly now being used by ride-hailing giant Uber, according to a lawsuit filed Feb. 23 by Waymo against Uber. Waymo indicated in the suit that it had evidence to show that Levandowski downloaded 14,000 “highly confidential” files just before he resigned last year from Google. The allegations Waymo made against Levandowski and Uber in the lawsuit remain unproven. After leaving Google, Levandowski started an autonomous truck company called Otto, which was sold to Uber for $680 million. He was taken on as an executive at Uber, to lead the company’s foray into self-driving vehicles. On March 30, Northern California U.S. District Court released a transcript in which Levandowski’s lawyers said he was invoking his Fifth Amendment right to avoid incriminating himself through handing over documents connected to the case, the New York Times reported. Levandowski’s lawyers said he was “broadly asserting his Fifth Amendment rights because there was ‘potential for criminal action’ in the case,” the newspaper said. The Fifth Amendment says a person in a criminal case can’t be compelled to be a witness against himself, and the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that it applies to civil cases. Uber’s lawyers have said they’ve told Levandowski he must release relevant documents, according to the Times’ report. Levandowski’s position on taking the Fifth could change as his legal team examines the case, one of his lawyers said, the paper reported. While Waymo’s allegations against Levandowski are laid out in detail in the suit against Uber and in a related blog post, Uber has not issued any significant public response. That’s expected to change April 7 when the ride-sharing firm lays out its defense in court. “We are very confident that Waymo’s claims against Uber are baseless and that Anthony Levandowski has not used any files from Google in his work with Otto or Uber,” Uber lawyer Angela Padilla said in a statement. The lawsuit focuses largely on technology called LiDAR, which uses lasers to create a 3-D “view” of an autonomous car’s surroundings, for navigation.   Photo:  A self-driving Chrysler Pacifica minivan from Google spin-off Waymo (courtesy of Waymo)   Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Anthony Levandowski, autonomous vehicles, lawsuit, robot, self-driving cars, trade secrets, Uber, Waymo   More Posts in 1 H-1B visa holders can now use S.F. startup’s AI-powered bot to switch jobs, escape ‘indentured servitude’ March 30, 2017   H-1B visa: Kids of recipients dominate America’s leading science contest March 29, 2017   Richmond firm backed by VC Tim Draper plans to fly test versions of giant amphibious cargo drone over San Pablo Bay this summer March 28, 2017       Share this Post Tweet               Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Tesla’s Autopilot update: Autosteer for up to 80 mph,… Report: Android to surpass iOS app store revenue this year,… SpaceX to launch ‘recycled’ rocket today Uber extends olive branch to drivers, launches new policies… Hot new Twitter account burns Trump’s tweets —…     Archives Archives Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital   About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 40 Plus 1 on G+ 75 Share on Facebook 89 Share on Twitter Total Shares204 Android O News Videos Series: Android O Feature Spotlights This article is part of our Android O Feature Spotlights series.Previous ArticleShow AllNext Article ... 66 30. All the Android O features we've found so far [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/25 7:38am PDTMar 25, 2017 51 31. [Update: more details] Android O feature spotlight: Notification Channels give more controls over notifications to users 2017/03/28 10:15am PDTMar 28, 2017 37 32. Android O feature spotlight: Text selection dialog now has icons and contextual actions 2017/03/28 11:29am PDTMar 28, 2017 35 33. Android O feature spotlight: There's now a progress bar for sideloading APKs 2017/03/28 12:44pm PDTMar 28, 2017 68 34. Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 View All 34 Articles In This Series Android O was revealed last week, and Google talked about the neat stuff it can do via blog posts and videos. We didn't get all the little details—those nice touches that make you smile, realizing Google takes design seriously these days. Case in point, there's a rad new animation when you open and close the notification shade. Let's watch, shall we? The above video is shown at normal speed. Notice how the icons are in that bottom strip as you open the shade. Then, they slide up as the notification they are connected to is revealed. That's cool, but it looks even cooler in slow motion.   In the above video, that same animation is playing out at one-tenth speed (this is also the case for the GIF up top).  The icons sort of float across the screen to take up their position. When you close the notifications, the icons slip back down and line up. This looks a bit like a shrunken down version of the quick settings close animation. It won't fundamentally alter the experience on Android O, but it's still cool. Tags android o animations feature spotlight series_android_o_feature_spotlights video subscribe ... Previous Story Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video ... ... Next Story TWRP adds support for the Honor 6X, Wileyfox Swift 2X, and more Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Jordan Khoviteri-Zadeh https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2e70b5d92ff6527802b46729341397b0791b1e86601708ea1d2e2d116960d6e9.gif StephaniePeterson11 > ......................... http://deliciousurl.com//39 waloody88 wow so cool :) too bad my nexus 6 will never get it :( Dirk Maybe not officially, ;-) Bewear It WILL get it, via LineageOS or any other custom ROM. You know, Nexus devices never really die... Latheryin You are missing the fact that all of Google latest code is 64 bit and the nexus 6 is 32 bit so the code is not really portable. Bewear Oh, you are right. Well, I certainly expect that some effort will be made by communities, like with ARMv6 devices. Latheryin I have spoken with many and as they are old school they know what it will entail and they have already said they are not even bothering. Many even changed devices off of the nexus 6 to the 6p because it is 64 bit. Bewear It seems I will have to jump ship soon, then, since my device is 32 bit too. Twitler What are you ? a sheap ? Don't change a Nexus at least 3-4 years.Not worth the upgrade since commnunity will take care of Nexus line better than Google ever did. Bewear The only Nexus I actually own is the Nexus 4, so I know how they can be kept alive, though it's not my main device anymore. My current device is the Moto MAXX, which is quite similar to the Nexus 6. Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher Rather looks like some animation glitch Martin I thought so too in the slow motion version, but thought it looked better at normal speed. SHunter That or Hangouts... Zsolt V Yes, and they should reassign all janitors and cafeteria workers to help out with the effort, too. P.s. I thought an inane comment like this would have been the top one. Surprised it's only #3. Suicide_Note Amazing. Maxr1998 Noticed it immediately after updating, made me smile ;) Love the attention to detail that Google is showing here! MicroNix All it does is add extra work for the SOC m477 Yeah, they should ditch the GUI altogether. Everything more than a command line is waste of resources. Nicholas Conrad Zomg, how about putting dev resources to anything else? Kehnin Dyer ui guys are BORED Nick Coad I think commenters here frequently seem to have a strange view of how software gets developed. Like people seem to think that you have 20 devs (for example) and they sit and work 100% on a single animation for four days or something. There are so many things wrong with that. Leonardo Baez This.. My god, how people can be so limited in their vision? Henry Park Because a lot of people don't know how developing software works let alone taken a programming class NothingUnknown It was either this or another messaging app. Take your pick. PVL_93_RU Looks kinda iffy, like the icons lag behind the shade Leonardo Baez 1/10th of real speed on the videos... In real speed you will not even notice Good_Ole_Pinocchio I have the new Pixel Launcher on my 6p and the "bounce" animation the Icons in these videos show, happens to the app drawer shade when I unlock the phone. Not sure how long that's been there but I just noticed it. Almost like it's saying "Hey, you can swipe up here" Abhishek Das https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/442cfb7a3fd2ab0deba7f11a64708d1a81c49b54f98d7b2e82ca4673541370df.jpg 😆😄 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d854815208e8ebd194c840a407251882b40ee69f742aa280a190fa9353c47ebe.png m477 Please stop. Konrad Krawczuk I hope its some kind of animation glitch. Looks absolutely awful. Minimalism is the key... Vivek Rameses Yeah, that is god awful. Probably a bug. Latheryin So this is what they work on while the OS has tons of issues that are far more pressing. Way to go Google. With how pointless it is there is no mistaking it came from the Google design team that I and many others are confident are pretty much blind. So yeah makes sense. Nick Coad I don't get your complaint, do you think the same people who fix low level OS bugs are working on UI animations? Is that what you actually believe? Latheryin I Believe in team work. If one fails they all fail. And the UI people have their own epic fails as of late. Nick Coad I don't understand how that's relevant to what you posted. You seem to think that this animation somehow means the OS issues are being ignored, but in reality those things are developed by different groups of people. It's like people think that they have a list of tasks and they set the entire team on each task one after the other. That's just not how it works, they will be simultaneously working on lots of shit at once across the whole team. Latheryin And it goes to show how bad that fails. Too many cooks in kitchen. They are being ignored. Just look at the shut down issue for all nexus and pixel devices after 7.0. You must never have worked on a multi-team project. Had you, then you would know that it doesn't matter what team fails. If one does the whole project fails. mchalakov I'm interested in the fails that the "UI people" did recently? Latheryin Quick tiles (waste of space) material design (text book juvenile colors) tool bars at the top of the device when they are only getting bigger. Should I keep going. Matthew Gardner That's an amazing non-response you just gave. Ever considered a career in politics? Latheryin Politics? No thanks. I have self honor. So not an option. It was an answer. It doesn't matter what part of the project fails. Give them a by because it wasn't there team is the same as a participating trophy. Both are BS. Martin Of course, how else would it work? On an unrelated note, I yelled at a gardener today. What the heck is he doing planting flowers, when he could be out fighting crime?! Nick Coad They need to slow down the speed just a tiny amount, but other than that it's a great effect. Filipe Santos Okay, now stop Google, it's too much dblock Anyone else think this doesn't look clean at all? Something about the icon beginning beneath the notification text just doesn't look good to me. Lord Argyris It's interesting how the overshoot the icons do when sliding into position isn't obvious until you see it in slow motion. I imagine if they didn't do that, the animation would look unnatural, with the icons seemingly "sticking" upon ending up in their respective notifications. A real object that moved like that and landed somewhere would bounce a bit, and so do these icons. Attention to detail--that was what Material Design was all about before we started chasing after circular icon windmills and endless UI churn. Ploppy Why would you animate something on top of something else... Nick Coad I don't even know how to respond to this. ericshmerick Gimmick gonna get old quick. BBpost Did they finally fix the issue where you get a notification beep about archiving a gmail or dismissing an exchange notification? It's really annoying when you clear out a dozen notifications and then get 12 instant notification beeps for notifications that instantly disappear. mchalakov Don't put too much thinking in this. It's just a simple animation to make someone(who notice it) smile. You know easter egg style ;) Willie Chalmers III I'm a bit indifferent to the animation change. I like the fact it's there, but maybe it's more suited to being a fade in of some kind. This doesn't feel too much like material design. Burak Çalık Its actually very good, but slow-motion view makes it look bad. mattcoz Agreed, looks terrible because the icon moves over the text. Luckily at full speed that isn't noticeable. instinct I think the opposite. We should argue about this. Ramon Add more lag to the OS. Real nice Google. Optimize more first. MeCampbell30 Looks better in slow motion to me. Looks kinda janky at regular speed. instinct I thought the same thing, It's too fast where it almost just seems to appear as if it took time to load. Fernando Pena I would never notice that if it wasn't for this post. That animation is SO FAST. I can barely see it... Mr. Spock It looks more like a bug than a feature. brolivar I could watch this all day DragoCubed It looks so good in slow motion but in real time it's simply too fast. Tahir firoz Wow 217 applications updated klaus muster ApK teardown please Car Parking Car Parking Driving Simulator is a fantastic game! It’s the best way to understand all the rules of driving and also get to exercise them interesting, however only ten challenges that we did not find everything difficult. Perfect for what it was, although not much depth. Download Link is here... https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cyberlogics.parking Vic Chai janky af. Maleko Cool? It looks like a childs idea. Just because you can animate it, doesn't mean you should. Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 214 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 6 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 724 1 Year Ago Today LG G5 Review: A Bit Of A Mess, Frankly 2016/03/31 1:41pm PDTMar 31, 2016 116 2 Years Ago Today WhatsApp Voice Calls Are Open To All In Version 2.12.19 — No Invites Needed 2015/03/31 12:45am PDTMar 31, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today [April Fools] HTC Reinvents The Nintendo Power Glove As HTC Gluuv, Makes The Same Basic Joke As Samsung 2014/03/31 8:41pm PDTMar 31, 2014 30 4 Years Ago Today Review: Jawbone UP + Android – A Baby Step Toward Truly Powerful Wearable Tech 2013/03/31 2:35pm PDTMar 31, 2013 28 5 Years Ago Today [Updated x2: Captivate, Vibrant Too] CyanogenMod 9 Nightly Builds Now Available On The Samsung Galaxy S i9000/i9000B, Captivate, And Vibrant 2012/03/31 4:02pm PDTMar 31, 2012 14 6 Years Ago Today Google's Android Market Copyright Infringement Form Wins The Troll Awards - Just Says 'crap' Upon Submission (Not An April Fool's Joke) 2011/03/31 11:28pm PDTMar 31, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Confirmed: HTC EVO 4G Will Run Froyo - The Next Version Of Android 2010/03/31 11:43pm PDTMar 31, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 49 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 67 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 127 queries | 0.559s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Plus 1 on G+ 29 Share on Facebook 43 Share on Twitter Total Shares94 Android Wear News You might have heard about Valve Time - the tendency for video game company Valve to release games and features long after the intended date. Google is also guilty of this, with apps and features still rolling out weeks after being announced. Many Android Wear users were left wondering why their watches had not received the much-anticipated 2.0 update weeks after the rollout supposedly started, but know we know why. Google has confirmed to Wareable.com that the update was delayed to fix a bug. We haven't asked Google ourselves, but this is the statement provided by Wareable: "We have started rolling out the Android Wear 2.0 update to Fossil Q Founder, Casio Smart Outdoor Watch WSD-F10 and Tag Heuer Connected. For other devices, the update is currently being delayed due to a bug found in final testing. We will push the update to the remaining devices as soon as the issue is resolved." Considering Android Wear 2.0 was initially slated for a late 2016 release, and was even delayed, it's rather annoying that all the bugs were not properly ironed out already. But pushing a buggy update to users probably wouldn't have worked out very well. Source: Wareable Tags android wear android wear 2.0 bug delayed rollout subscribe ... Previous Story Gangstar New Orleans OpenWorld is celebrating Mardi Gras a little late with its official release ... Next Story ZTE announces Android 7.1.1 preview for Axon 7 Mini users Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Naga Sridhar They could have as well waited till I/0 2017 and say, yes the release in on to your watches right now! Đức Thành It's nothing serious, but this is just another example of poor planning. Please don't turn this into a habit, Google. I love Google, but honestly nobody wants to hear your excuses when you are doing business. Especially when all of this could be solved very easily if you just wait until the final product is ready *before* announcing a release date. demarcmj It's already become a habit. Đức Thành Worse, it might become an addiction. mattcoz Stop being ridiculous, if they planned for the possibility of bugs then it would never get released. Nothing is ever released completely free of bugs. They never announced a date for the update of older devices. Đức Thành I was being very reasonable, in fact. You are correct that it is nearly impossible to plan for the possibility of bugs, but that wasn't the point. The point is Google should learn how to do estimations more accurately, and move the release date to a more appropriate time, preferably later than how they usually do it. If you are going to release it late anyway (and this has happened a bunch of times, there's no reason Google can't learn from it), why not announce the ETA a little bit later and take more time to prepare, instead of making the service users wait in anticipation? There is always unknown risks and it's probably not possible yet to account for all the possibilities things could go wrong, but risks are something that can be managed. NexusMan It was announced 2 weeks ago I'd get it by the end of this month...And I got it yesterday. Đức Thành Well that's not too bad then? I was making the comments based on the observation that Google missed the deadline they set for themselves for some of the devices. Two questions though: What is your device and does the timely update for your device also apply for all other devices? Actually, if the answer to that last question is "no," I've got one more question: Have you read the article? (Not trying to be rude or anything, just curious.) NexusMan In February, in a blog post, Google announced "Android Wear 2.0 will be available for all supported watches in the coming weeks." Still not sure what your complaint is. Yesterday was "the coming weeks" from February and unless the world ends, there are still more weeks to come. mattcoz The point is, no matter how long they wait to there is a chance something will crop up afterwards. It happens, that's why it's only an estimate. Đức Thành The point is Google can learn to make better estimations. NexusMan You're right. They should just do like Samsung and release devices that catch on fire. Rush everything...Software, devices and batteries to market. Who cares if it's ready? Đức Thành If that was sarcasm, I think you might have missed my point. To clarify, my point wasn't for Google to "release products on time according to the announced ETA," but to "make sure most of the preparation for the product launch are well taken care of *and then* announce an ETA for the products." Whether there was a misunderstanding or I not, I hope I have made it clear. NexusMan I didn't miss your point. My point is stuff happens. Frawlz You would have thought this is what the beta was for...... Stephen Cornwell Until it's released it's still pre-release software, as the quote says the bud we was found in final testing we're talking about a release candidate, which is where bugs are found. Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher Bugs are found at every stage. Even after release. With each phase a wider range of devices are exposed to the software raising the likelihood for a bug to surface. JD With Google its always beta Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher Popular opinion is that the bug is Qualcomm/SnapDragon related, hence the earlier release of the update for Intel chipset watches: Fossil, Tag Heuer, Casio. The other guess is that this bug has something to do with battery drain or faulty power management, something some of the new LG watches (Sport, Style) seem to suffer from. Still, using the Dev Preview on my Huawei Watch I haven't experienced any bad battery, I still get around 1.5 days with always on screen and tilt to wake using my own watch-face/launcher. Corbin Davenport Maybe, the Polar M600 is also getting the update now, and it has a MediaTek processor. Matt Mine isn't. I contacted Polar the other day and support said they had no new news about when it was going out. Matt "We were told it was going to be released mid to late March. Unfortunately we don't have an ETA on that release data but it should be very soon." That was March 22. Matt Of course now I see the latest article. Nicholas Polydor BTW, @corbin_davenport , the site is Wareable.com not Wearable.com (not that I'm sure why they spelt it that way, mind!) TheJester Polar comfirmed me the update until end of next week on twitter. Andy Webber Could be something introduced after the last beta. mattcoz Most likely the case, and they were probably focused on testing for the SD2100 leading up to the release. Jordan L Solid analysis. Also, I get about 1.5days on my Huawei Watch w/ Dev Preview, using a WatchMaker face too. King_Android "We found a bug, that we are trying to iron out" = The quickest way to stop us nerds from complaining so much. demarcmj Google was good at updating stuff when they only had a few devices to worry about. They have been progressively becoming worse and worse as the amount of "stuff" to manage has grown. This "bug" non-explanation is the same excuse they gave for making Nexus 6 users wait on 7.0. In that case, as well as this, there was a lengthy beta program that is ostensibly supposed to be used to iron out the bugs. mattcoz That's generally how it works, and no beta period ever irons out all the bugs. kenspiracy Honestly, with everything I've heard about how AW2.0 handles notifications, I'm not even sure I want the update on my Moto 360. Leonardo Baez If it is 1st gen it wont update kenspiracy It's not. Stephen Cornwell I've been running it for months, the notifications are much better than 1.0. jstew182 I have been searching for a while now trying to find a good video showing how notifications work on 2.0. Does the name of the person still stay at the bottom of the screen when they message you or does it show an icon or what? thespacecowboy How about not launching a product/release until it's ready? This was updated/posted early February, nearly two months ago. https://developer.android.com/wear/index.html Middlefinger Dont be daft, this is Google we are talking about. mattcoz Maybe the bug didn't present itself until after the release when testing on older hardware. Đức Thành Sorry but that's not an explanation, that's an excuse. Then why not test the software on those older hardware? mattcoz That's when the bug appeared, during testing. jubby2000 Wareable* Mitch Brown I am all for Google doing quality control. I would rather wait longer and get something that works. Anyone who has run a Windows based system knows what working with bugs in the system is like. That's what I like about Android, I experience very few problems working with Android or Chrome OS. Can't say the same for Windows 10. Aditya Singh I have fossil q founder 2.0. When will my watch get android wear 2 ? George Garrett Must be a serious bug. Huawei replaced my Nexus 6p after they said the Android 7.0 update nuked a third of my battery capacity; and that was an actual release. The wear 2.0 update must've done something terrible. Stoneule Hilarious. Once again Google is finding ways to destroy Android Wear. Incredible really. In fact is there anything from io2016 that wasn't a complete disaster? I'll say it for the 100th time, get rid of Sundar. Google needs new leadership JD Oh Google no one cares for your BS excuses. You're not a startup anymore. Nick Coad Cool, now explain to me why the LG Sport and LG Style are so shit. NexusMan Because they're made by LG. Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 214 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 6 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 90 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Strikethrough Text] WhatsApp Adds Quick Reply From The Notification, Multiple Contact Selection, Solid Wallpaper Colors, And Finally Dumps A Gingerbread Remnant 2016/03/30 1:00am PDTMar 30, 2016 71 2 Years Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Latest Gmail Update Brings Unified Inbox, Conversation View For Non-Gmail Accounts, Better Search, And More 2015/03/30 1:30pm PDTMar 30, 2015 15 3 Years Ago Today Music Boss For Pebble Can Now Control Playback And Volume On Chromecast Content From Your Smartwatch 2014/03/30 12:47pm PDTMar 30, 2014 42 4 Years Ago Today The Ultimate List Of Easter App And Game Sales On The Play Store [Continuously Updated] 2013/03/30 12:31pm PDTMar 30, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Google Launches Translator Toolkit, Makes It Easier To Bridge The Language Gap In Your Apps 2012/03/30 11:37pm PDTMar 30, 2012 18 6 Years Ago Today N64oid, Nintendo 64 Emulator For Android, Was Not Taken Down - It's On Hiatus Pending Performance Improvements 2011/03/30 11:39pm PDTMar 30, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Updated: Verizon Finally Starts Upgrading All Motorola Droid Users to Android 2.1 Today, Pinky Swears This Time 2010/03/30 8:10pm PDTMar 30, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 48 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 66 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.341s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Google ramps up Bangkok office space | Bangkok Post: business News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More BUSINESS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Business homepage Business news Telecom Finance Tourism & transport Find company & suppliers Exchange rates More World Gold prices IT Auto Property Business > Telecom Google ramps up Bangkok office space Thailand a top user of tech giant's services 31 Mar 2017 at 06:00 3,790 viewed0 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: BUSINESS | WRITER: SUCHIT LEESA-NGUANSUK Digital Economy Minister Pichet Durongkaveroj, Mr King (centre) and US Ambassador to Thailand Glyn Davies. Google says it is focused on helping Thailand digitise in four key areas. - + Google has increased its office space in Thailand by 50%, creating a venue for the digitally-driven community to accelerate the development of related products and services, promoting the evolution of the country's digital ecosystem. Globally, Thailand is one of the top users of Google services including YouTube, its search engine and Google's Play Store -- Google's official source for Android apps and downloads -- said Ben King, country head of Google Thailand. He also said Google Thailand is still in talks with the Digital Economy and Society Ministry on the possibility of investing in the government's Digital Park project. "Thailand is one of the top markets for Google in term of users. We will continue investing here to help digitise the country," said Mr King. He said Bangkok is one of the top 10 cities for YouTube in terms of watch time and views. The number of Google Search quires in Thailand stands out among Southeast Asian countries. Google Thailand increased its office space by renting out an additional floor at Park Ventures Ecoplex Building, where the company currently operates. Google aims to use the space as a venue for promoting the development of digitally-driven services. The company will allow outsiders, ranging from startups, content creators, developers and advertisers to take advantage of the space. Google said its aims to help Thailand digitise in four areas: education, small and medium-sized enterprises and startups, digital content and digital workforce. Mr King said the company is encouraging local SMEs to go online to thrive in the digital world. Earlier this year Google introduced Launchpad Accelerator, an intensive mentoring programme from Google for startups in Thailand. Under the programme, Google provides financial sponsorship worth US$50,000 to high-potential startups and provides six months of training in the US. He said Google will continue improving its digital content to further enhance user experience. RECOMMENDED STORIES CAT spreading cloud to SMEs with moderate prepaid options King Power budgets B10bn for five years Exporters dubious of 5% target BoI: Eco-car scheme to merge with EV incentives FPO predicts lag in budget expenditure Magnolia adds retail wing to complex AirAsia solidifies U-tapao lead with two new links Funds for data centre approved PTTEP sets sights on M&A feasibility under stable oil prices Most Viewed 20,028 Minister: 50-year leases likely for ... 17,709 Phuket airport to change departing ... 17,056 New Saraburi-Korat bridge a ... 16,861 50-year foreign lease mulled 13,311 BoI green-lights EV privileges Recent BUSINESS Articles Factory output fell in February SET up 3.32 points at opening Gold prices fell B100 to B20,300 Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 0 liked & 1 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this FIND COMPANIES & SUPPLIERS Select a location Ang Thong Bangkok Buriram Chachoengsao Chainat Chaiyaphumi Chanthaburi Chiang Mai Chiang Rai Chonburi Chumphon Kalasin Kamphaeng Phet Kanchanaburi Khon Kaen Krabi Lampang Lamphun Lobburi Loei Mae Hong Son Maha Sarakham Mukdahan Nakhon Nayok Nakhon Phanom Nakhon Ratchasima Nakhon Sawan Nakhon Sri Thammarat Nakhonpathom Nan Narathiwat Nong Khai Nongboulumpoo Nonthaburi Pathum Thani Patthani Phang Nga Phatthalung Phayao Phetchaboon Phetchaburi Phichit Phitsanulok Phrae Phranakhon Sri Ayutthaya Phuket Prachinburi Prachuap Khirikhan Ranong Ratburi Rayong Roi Et Sakon Nakhon Sakweao Samutparkan Samutsakhon Samutsongkhram Saraburi Satun Singburi Sisaket Songkhla Sukhothai Suphanburi Suratthanee Surin Tak Trang Trat Ubon Ratcha Thani Udon Thani Uthai Thani Uttaradit Yala Yasothon Select a category Agriculture & Food Airline & Transportation Apparel Associations, Non-profit Organisations & Chambers Electronic & Computer Energy & Petrochemical Financial Service Gem & Ornament Handcraft & Handmade Industrial Legal Service & Consultancy Plastic & Rubber Property & Construction Recruitment Service System And Software Integrators FIND BY PRODUCT OR SERVICE Agriculture & food Apprarel Gem & ornament products Handicraft & handmade Electronic & computer Plastic & rubber More >> Get you business listed >> MOST RECENT 13:40 Malaysians return, Kim's body handed to North Korea 13:24 Couple jump to safety as fire guts auto parts shops 13:17 Trump to order trade abuses study 12:51 Japanese whalers return from Antarctic with 333 minke 12:41 SET down 2.09 to 1,577.79 at noon 12:24 Australian cyclone leaves shark stranded on land 12:01 Appeal Court denies bail for ex-TAT governor, daughter 11:08 Man carried derringer through airport customs 0 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google's case against Uber just took an unexpected turn Biz Carson Mar. 30, 2017, 7:22 PM 13,613 facebook linkedin twitter email print Uber's CEO Travis Kalanick with Anthony Levandowski Associated Press In an unexpected twist to the Uber vs Google case, lawyers for Anthony Levandowski, the star engineer at the center of the trade-secret dispute, have advised him to exercise his fifth amendment right to not incriminate himself in a criminal proceeding, according to a court transcript obtained by Business Insider. In February, Waymo, the self-driving company owned by Google's parent company Alphabet, sued Uber , claiming that Levandowski had stolen vital Lidar technology shortly before starting his own self-driving company (which Uber later acquired).  The trade secrets case is shaping up to be one of the most significant and closely-watched battles in Silicon Valley in years, pitting two of the world's most powerful companies, and former partners, against each other. Levandowski isn't named in the civil suit between the technology giants, but his lawyers met with Judge William Alsup in a hastily arranged conference on Wednesday.  According to a transcript seen by Business Insider of the court proceedings, Levandowski's lawyers say he plans to assert his fifth amendment rights because there is a "potential for criminal action" against the engineer at the heart of the case. The New York Times first reported the court proceedings. Part of Waymo's argument against Uber is that Levandowski allegedly stole 14,000 files and took them to Uber to advance its competing self-driving car efforts. It was separately revealed on Wednesday that Google had previously filed demands against Levandowski in arbitration for allegedly using confidential information to poach employees. In the transcript, it was disclosed that a second employee was also a part of the arbitration proceedings. This person was not identified in the transcript. A Waymo person declined comment. For the time being, Levandowski's lawyers said that they're "broadly asserting" his Fifth Amendment rights to "any documents he may possess and control" that are relevant. This could include pleading the fifth should Google try to depose him. However, one of his lawyers stressed that he could change his mind as the case progresses and that they're simply protecting his constitutional rights upfront. Uber's associate general counsel, Angela Padilla, said in a statement provided to Business Insider that it plans to respond in court on April 7.  "We look forward to our first public response laying out our case on Friday, April 7. We are very confident that Waymo's claims against Uber are baseless and that Anthony Levandowski has not used any files from Google in his work with Otto or Uber," she said.  Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: Google secretly sought arbitration against its former self-driving guru months before the Uber lawsuit NOW WATCH: Uber finally released their diversity report — here's how it compares to Facebook and Google Loading video... More: Uber Anthony Levandowski Google facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google's case against Uber just took an unexpected turn Google's case against Uber just took an unexpected turn In an unexpected twist to the Uber vs Google... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Navigate Home Technology Security news Hacking news Internet Privacy Laws and Legalities Gadgets Science You are at:Home»Google»Google pokes at you if you watch too much porn using Chrome Incognito Mode Google pokes at you if you watch too much porn using Chrome Incognito Mode 0 By Vijay Prabhu on March 30, 2017 Google, privacy, Technology Google knows if you’re watching too much porn using Chrome Incognito browsing We said it earlier but you didn’t pay heed. Long back, we had reported why surfing porn using incognito mode or private browsing mode in Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Edge or Internet Explorer, Apple Safari and other browsers is bad. Google proved us right!!! To know how read on…. It is a well-known fact that 9.5 users out 10 use incognito or private browsing mode to watch porn. Some do it out of habit while others do it because the browser doesn’t save the history of their nocturnal pursuits. But a vast majority of those using incognito mode or private browsing window to surf porn do it because they believe their sexual escapades will be safe from prying eyes. Yes, Google Chrome’s incognito mode allows you to browse porn to your heart’s content and your laptop or phone will store no evidence of it. And yes, it is also a fact that Google knows you are using Chrome’s Incognito mode to surf porn. When you open 100 incognito windows in Google Chrome, a smiley or winky face appears. Instead of the normal tab counter in the top right-hand corner, users will see the cheeky face. A winky face -;) -appears on Android devices. Open 100 tabs on your iOS device, and you’ll be greeted with a less knowing, more innocent smiley.   Targeting those who spend a lot of time using Incognito Mode, Google’s letting users see their dirty videos finished off with a cheeky hidden message. While Google’s winky smiley on Android smartphones and iPhones may just be a cheeky response to porn surfers, it also proves what we have been saying for a long time. Using Google Chrome Incognito mode or any browsers private browsing mode to watch adult entertainment videos is not safe. Considering the above facts, it is unwise to think that your Incognito mode porn surfing habits are either private or anonymous. If you really want to be anonymous, use VPN but don’t ever, ever be under the impression that your Incognito browsing records are private. Share. Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Email Previous ArticleElon Musk’s New Company, Neuralink Wants to Connect Our Brains to Computers Next Article BEWARE iPhone Owners! Your Smartphones Can Be Hacked By Just Connecting To Any Wi-Fi About Author Vijay Prabhu Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. ― Mahatma Gandhi  Related Posts March 31, 2017 0 Google Brings All Its Open Source Projects Under One Roof March 30, 2017 0 BEWARE iPhone Owners! Your Smartphones Can Be Hacked By Just Connecting To Any Wi-Fi March 30, 2017 0 Elon Musk’s New Company, Neuralink Wants to Connect Our Brains to Computers Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Techworm, now available on Android! Subscription Enter your primary email address to get our free newsletter. First NameRequired Last NameRequired EmailRequired Subscribe You can leave the list at any time. Removal instructions are included in each message. UrlRequired About Us Techworm is a Security News Platform that centers around Infosec, Hacking, Zero-Days, Malware, Vulnerabilities, Cyber Crime, DDoS, Surveillance and Privacy issues and to keep you informed and secure. Pages About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Security Researcher Acknowledgments Submission Guidelines Copyright © 2017 Techworm.net All rights reserved. The authors' opinions in the post may not necessarily reflect the official position of TechWorm.net Top
Home News Newsletter Tech Rent-a-Car Bangkok Downtown Bangkok Airport Pattaya Chiang Mai Phuket Town Phuket Airport Samui Hua Hin Destinations Hua Hin Phuket Chiang Mai Samui Cha-am Forums Forum Rules Members Forum Search Forum Netiquette Downloads Help Radio Hotels Bangkok Chiang Mai Hua Hin/Cha-am Krabi Pattaya Phuket Samui All cities Classifieds Submit your own ad Real estate Cars, bikes Computers, electronics Jobs, employment See all ads Property Dating More Advertise Contact us Your IP address Golf Translations Thai Baht rates Discount Flights Discount Shipping Weather Trending This simple trick can free up storage space and make ANY iPhone faster Google head explains the company’s four pillars for Thai operations iPhone users urged to download latest iOS update to protect against ransomware scam Microsoft taken to court by users who claim Windows 10 update destroyed their computers REVEALED: The cheeky way Chrome tells you you’re watching too much x-rated stuff Facebook and Messenger is about to stop working on many older smartphones Google is killing off one of its oldest products, cutting off millions of users Samsung launches Galaxy S8 and dreams of recovery from Note 7 Thai businesses at risk of data breaches: study AIS says it is enhancing customer service DTAC sees 5G enhancing the government’s readiness for “Thailand 4.0” Line TV gets clicks for video app Here is how you can find out when someone deletes you on Facebook With new phone due, Samsung dials down on safety message Facebook adds camera features, moving closer to Snapchat Google security team find MAJOR vulnerability in LastPass Samsung starts rolling out Android Nougat update to Note 5 users in Thailand Facebook’s Messenger app adds live location-sharing Samsung Elec says to sell refurbished Galaxy Note 7s Facebook Messenger is about to STOP working on these phones RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Navigate Home Thailand Apps & Software Security Mobile Internet Gadgets Tips Subscribe! You are at:Home»Apps & Software»REVEALED: The cheeky way Chrome tells you you’re watching too much x-rated stuff REVEALED: The cheeky way Chrome tells you you’re watching too much x-rated stuff 0 By Staff Writer on 2017-03-30 Apps & Software A A A We already know that Google Chrome has several hidden features such as games but they have now devised a tongue-in-cheek message for Android and iOS users using Incognito Mode who have opened the mode 100 times. iOS users will be greeted by :), and 😀 on Android but if you pass 100 on Android devices you will be greeted by a winking face ;), whilst iOS users will still receive the smiley face. The new feature is part of Google’s push-out of the new version of the Chrome app which is designed to make the world’s most popular browser less resource-intensive. According to the official Chromium blog, Google will now throttle background tabs that use excessive power– activity that accounts for a third of Chrome’s power usage on computers. Reducing the number of tabs that are running in the background should reduce the impact on your computer. However, Google’s own in-built solution Chrome version 57 will not suspend tabs from playing audio or maintaining WebSockets or WebRTC connections alone in the same way that third-party solutions such as the Great Suspender can. The new version of Chrome checks the tabs that are running in the background after 10 seconds and then decides whether they can be terminated. According to the team behind Chrome 57, this new system should reduce the number of active background tabs by around 25%. Google Chrome software engineer, Alexander Timin said: “Chrome will continue to take steps in this direction to prolong users’ battery life, while still enabling all the same experiences developers can build today.” Chrome 57 is available to download now. Via: Mashable Staff Writer Share. Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Email Previous ArticleFacebook and Messenger is about to stop working on many older smartphones Next Article Microsoft taken to court by users who claim Windows 10 update destroyed their computers Related Posts 2017-03-31 0 This simple trick can free up storage space and make ANY iPhone faster 2017-03-30 0 iPhone users urged to download latest iOS update to protect against ransomware scam 2017-03-30 0 Microsoft taken to court by users who claim Windows 10 update destroyed their computers The Conversation Follow the reactions below and share your own thoughts. Comments are closed. Recent Posts 2017-03-31 0 This simple trick can free up storage space and make ANY iPhone faster 2017-03-31 0 Google head explains the company’s four pillars for Thai operations 2017-03-30 0 iPhone users urged to download latest iOS update to protect against ransomware scam 2017-03-30 0 Microsoft taken to court by users who claim Windows 10 update destroyed their computers 2017-03-30 0 REVEALED: The cheeky way Chrome tells you you’re watching too much x-rated stuff 2017-03-30 0 Facebook and Messenger is about to stop working on many older smartphones 2017-03-30 0 Google is killing off one of its oldest products, cutting off millions of users 2017-03-30 0 Samsung launches Galaxy S8 and dreams of recovery from Note 7 2017-03-29 0 Thai businesses at risk of data breaches: study 2017-03-29 0 AIS says it is enhancing customer service 2017-03-29 0 DTAC sees 5G enhancing the government’s readiness for “Thailand 4.0” 2017-03-29 0 Line TV gets clicks for video app 2017-03-29 0 Here is how you can find out when someone deletes you on Facebook 2017-03-29 0 With new phone due, Samsung dials down on safety message 2017-03-29 0 Facebook adds camera features, moving closer to Snapchat Like ThaiTech on Facebook Tweets by @techthaivisa Categories Apps & Software Gadgets Guest articles Internet Latest videos Mobile Reviews Security Thailand Tips Tags Android Apple Apple watch apps China drones Facebook Facebook Messenger Galaxy S6 Galaxy S8 google Google Chrome Google Maps hacking Internet Internet of Things iOS iPad iPhone iPhone 7 Microsoft Mobile MWC 2015 MWC 2016 Netflix Pokemon GO Samsung Samsung Galaxy Note 7 San Bernardino smartphones smartwatches Sony sony hack Tablets Tesla thailand Twitter Uber virtual reality wearables whatsapp Windows 10 Xiaomi Yahoo YouTube Join the discussion in our Tech Forum Data usage limit reached, net access blocked DTAC full speed unlimited package 1999 baht Alcatel Flash Plus 2 having a nervous breakdown Microsoft patent shows a phone that can be folded in half regular internet rate on DTAC postpaid with NO package booked ? AIS mobile internet package options Using True to call UK mobile Kindle replacement battery About Tech by Thaivisa.com Tech news, gadgets, mobile devices, apps, tips and other cool stuff from SE-Asia and around the world. Subscribe to our newsletter: NameEmail Links About Contact Us / Advertise Write for ThaiTech Send us a tip TOS & Privacy Categories Apps & Software Gadgets Guest articles Internet Latest videos Mobile Reviews Security Thailand Tips Copyright 2002 - 2017 Thai Visa thaivisa.com
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 26 Plus 1 on G+ 46 Share on Facebook 31 Share on Twitter Total Shares103 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Article Contents 1 Teardown 1.1 Video previews and auto-play 1.2 code 1.3 User-defined actions, meet IFTTT 1.4 code 1.5 Prevent accidental and unauthorized purchases (on phones) 1.6 code 1.7 Toggle for auto-added app icons 2 Download A new version of the Google app began rolling out earlier this week, but there don't appear to be any major changes going live quite yet. However, this version does bring some big clues about upcoming changes. On the docket for this teardown is a new authentication step for purchases made through Google Assistant, video previews in search results, user-defined actions take form through IFTTT, and some people will be happy to find out that Google's launcher won't always add icons for newly installed apps. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Video previews and auto-play These days, it's pretty common to perform a Google search and get back more than just a page of links to websites. In fact, it's almost weird not to get back at least a few video suggestions, image results, or even knowledge graph info. With regular results, you'll see text previews that tell you what to expect when you get to a page. However, videos don't afford the same clues about what you're going to get, only a thumbnail, and it's usually chosen by the creator. That's going to change as Google prepares to show video previews in search results. The evidence for video previews actually comes in the form of a new setting (not currently live) that will allow users to turn video previews off. Seeing as people aren't actually seeing video previews in search results, this is a pretty good hint of what's to come. This wouldn't be Google's first foray into showing video previews, it actually became a feature on the web search results around early 2011. Users could click on a little magnifying glass for "instant previews" of pages and videos. That feature vanished at some point, but there's no denying that it can be pretty useful. code <string name="video_preference_title">Video</string> <string name="video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_title">Network</string> <string name="video_preview_autoplay_on_wifi_preference_desc">Play video previews automatically on Wi-Fi</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay">Autoplay</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data">Allow on mobile networks</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_preference">enableVideoPreviewAutoplayOnMobileDataPreference</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay_preference">enableVideoPreviewAutoplayPreference</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_network_preference_category">enableVideoPreviewNetworkPreferenceCategory</string> /res/xml/video_preference_header.xml <preference-headers xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <header android:id="@id/video_header" android:title="@string/video_preference_title" android:fragment="com.google.android.apps.gsa.staticplugins.videopreference.VideoPreferenceFragment" /> </preference-headers> /res/xml/video_preference.xml <PreferenceScreen android:id="@id/video_preference_screen" xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <SwitchPreference android:persistent="false" android:title="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay" android:key="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay_preference" android:summary="@string/video_preview_autoplay_on_wifi_preference_desc" android:defaultValue="true" /> <PreferenceCategory android:title="@string/video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_title" android:key="@string/enable_video_preview_network_preference_category"> <SwitchPreference android:persistent="false" android:title="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data" android:key="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_preference" android:defaultValue="false" /> </PreferenceCategory> </PreferenceScreen> I won't go into making predictions about web results, but it's pretty clear mobile users are going to see video previews when they use Google's search bar. How will they work and what will they look like? That I can't say for sure, but the evidence strongly suggests they'll actually auto-play, which means the thumbnails will probably disappear shortly after coming into view and frames of the video will begin running. I assume they won't begin playing audio, because that would be horrible. The auto-play setting all of this is based upon will obviously be useful for turning this feature off, which you may want to do for data conservation, or if you simply find sudden motion annoying. Wi-Fi and cellular connections can be enabled or disabled individually, but the defaults are naturally set so only Wi-Fi is enabled when this feature goes live. The one thing I notice that's missing is a way to start a preview if the auto-play setting is switched off. Perhaps this isn't included in the app itself, but will be delivered as part of Google's results, or maybe that's not actually going to be a feature, but it leads me to think Google might not be ready to launch this quite yet. User-defined actions, meet IFTTT Back in August, shortly after Google Assistant code first appeared in public releases, we got a look at the early stages of user-defined actions. When launch day came, there was no obvious sign that this feature had actually made the cut, nor were there many changes to any related text or resources since then. That is, until now. New strings reveal that Google is integrating the popular IFTTT (If-This-Then-That) service to handle custom user actions. code <string name="user_defined_action_ifttt_action_section_title">IFTTT actions</string> <string name="user_defined_action_menu_save_button">Save</string> <string name="user_defined_action_paused_action_section_title">Paused actions</string> <string name="user_defined_action_speech_recognition_prompt_text">When I say Okay Google…</string> <string name="user_defined_action_target_command_hint">Google Assistant should do</string> <string name="user_defined_action_action_list_section_title">Learned actions</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_action_section_title">Teach your assistant to…</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_do_action_title">Do something</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_ifttt_action_title">Create IFTTT action</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_say_action_title">Say something</string> <string name="user_defined_action_delete_confirmation_cancel_text">CANCEL</string> <string name="user_defined_action_delete_confirmation_delete_text">DELETE</string> <string name="user_defined_action_delete_confirmation_text">Are you sure you want to delete this action?</string> New Layouts /res/layout/assistant_user_defined_action_do_editor_layout.xml /res/layout/assistant_user_defined_action_say_editor_layout.xml New preference screen /res/xml/user_defined_action_preference_screen.xml <PreferenceScreen xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_create_action_header_key" android:order="0" /> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_active_action_category_key" android:order="1" /> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_paused_action_category_key" android:order="2" /> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_ifttt_action_category_key" android:order="3" /> </PreferenceScreen> <string name="assistant_settings_active_action_category_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionActiveActionsCategoryKey</string> <string name="assistant_settings_create_action_header_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionCreateActionHeaderKey</string> <string name="assistant_settings_ifttt_action_category_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionIFTTTActionsCategoryKey</string> <string name="assistant_settings_paused_action_category_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionPausedActionsCategoryKey</string> This might feel a bit anticlimactic since many of us have already been using IFTTT with Google Assistant. There's no reason to expect changes to that base functionality, Google is simply building a native interface for creating these actions. On the plus side, it means we don't have to use IFTTT's website... And that's definitely a good thing. (It's not a great site.) ifttt_logo There are also no clues to indicate how capable these actions are going to be. IFTTT's "Applets" are effectively made up of two parts: a service that triggers an event, and the action that is performed in response. In this case, the trigger is obviously going to be Google Assistant, and it will listen for a user-defined phrase. What isn't clear is how much control users will have to define the resulting actions; basically, if they'll have the same range of services and options for configurability as they would on the site, or if the interface will offer a limited set of options. Prevent accidental and unauthorized purchases (on phones) Purchases made through voice-activated gadgets have been a bit of a hot topic lately, particularly thanks to a series of incidents involving the Amazon Echo. A few weeks ago, Google Assistant gained some similar shopping capabilities; and while there haven't been any reports of accidental or unauthorized purchases yet, it's only a matter of time unless something is done to prevent it. Google is already working on a solution. According to new text in the app, users will soon have the option to require an additional authentication step before purchases can be completed. At this time, the only standard method of authentication is a fingerprint, which should be enough for most people. Of course, if you are using a device without a fingerprint reader, or chose not to set up a fingerprint for use on your phone, this won't do much for you. It's also noted that if authentication is set to not be required, "suspicious behavior" may still trigger a check. If this happens, it looks like a password will be necessary to complete the purchase. code <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_title">Authentication</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_section_title">Purchases on this device</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_page_header">Adjust settings for authentication when making purchases using Google Assistant on this device.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_dialog_message">Confirm with password.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_mechanism_title">Fingerprint authentication</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_mechanism_description">Allow your fingerprint to be used as authentication for Google Assistant purchases on this device.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_title">Purchase authentication</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_always">Confirmation required</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_always_required">Required for every purchase</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_never">Confirmation not required</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_never_description">We may ask if suspicious behavior is detected</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_not_required">Not required</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_not_required_detail">We may ask if suspicious behavior is detected</string> New Layouts /res/layout/assistant_payments_phone_authentication_entry.xml /res/layout/assistant_payments_phone_authentication_item.xml /res/layout/assistant_payments_phone_authentication_template.xml This feature is intended to be specific to each device, which currently means it's directed at phones. It's safe to assume there's a plan for Google Home and other voice-only appliances using Assistant, but there's nothing visible yet to indicate how that will work. I would expect a proper solution is still pending the rollout of multiple accounts on Home, at which point the signed-in users will all probably be able to perform the authentication steps on their phones to complete purchases started on Home. This should hopefully put an end to any concerns about accidental and unauthorized purchases resulting from misunderstood conversations, ambient noise, demanding children, or friends with a penchant for pranks. Toggle for auto-added app icons Finally, we get to one of those little features that seem simple, but many people are bothered to no end if they aren't available. I'm talking about the launcher's behavior of automatically adding an icon to a home screen when a new app is installed. Most third-party launchers offer users the freedom to disable this, and it's hit-and-miss for OEMs. Google's launcher counts among the ranks that doesn't give users a choice, but that's about to change. <string name="auto_add_shortcuts_label">Add icon to Home screen</string> <string name="auto_add_shortcuts_description">For new apps</string> From /xml/launcher_preferences.xml <SwitchPreference android:persistent="true" android:title="@string/auto_add_shortcuts_label" android:key="pref_add_icon_to_home" android:summary="@string/auto_add_shortcuts_description" android:defaultValue="true" /> There's not really much more to say about this other than it's placement, which will be at the bottom of the Settings screen alongside the toggles for app suggestions and allow rotation. I'm not sure why it wasn't already activated in this release, but maybe Google is waiting to roll it out remotely at some point in the near future. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 6.16.25 beta APK Mirror Download: Google app (Play Store) Tags apk apk download apk teardown app authentication authorization auto-play autoplay download downloads fingerprint ifttt launcher search results teardown user-defined actions video previews subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Just adding icon to homescreen is already present play store. Isn't it the same function? Suicide_Note That's what i was thinking too. F4LL0U7 Came here to say the same thing. Is there anyone that doesn't already uncheck that box immediately when setting up a new device? Not sure I'd expect to rely on the launcher for that. Also might cause confusion if it's enabled in one place but disabled in the other. abqnm Some third party launchers have their own independent system that doesn't rely on the Play Store setting. But Google and a few third party launchers respect that option. I guess the only thing that's really new here is that it would be an option in the settings for the Google launchers. bekifft Would be nice if they'd implement app shortcuts. Cody Toombs That's already there, but it only works on Android 7.1 and above. bekifft Well that's weird cause I have a Nexus 6P running latest software, all I get are "edit" and "remove". Pan Szym True destinyhud then u r not using google now launcher bekifft No that's true, I'm using Nova, but on literally all sides of the Google app icon are icons with working app shortcuts, some of them are even Google apps. Keep, Chrome, Phone, etc. Cody Toombs Oh, you meant you want the Google app to have app shortcuts. I thought you were asking for the Google launcher to support them (since plenty of people are still confused by how that works). So my question is... What shortcuts do you think it's supposed to have? I can't think of very many things I'd want to have in the app, short of possibly a quick way to reach Settings. bekifft Reminders is the big one for me. If they'd just add that it would be good. Lion5 I have Android 6x on my Galaxy Note 5 and with Nova, App shortcuts seem to work with quite a few apps. Most are the basic edit, remove, etc, but some like Google's apps offer more shortcuts. Corbin Davenport https://www.xkcd.com/1807/ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/1c17825b6718df9d297920ec3e00d49b4e23d8b0b0cbeafb8b0cc1a792522cc1.png Tom Hardy Managing director of Yahoo!, is suggesting folks to learn "Work at home" practice, that Internet marketers have been doing for about twelve months now. This year alone, I generated about $36k until now with no more than my personal pc as well as some extra time, although i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even most people newbie in this, actually make $50/per h easily and the profit can go even higher as time passes... This is how i started >> http://deliciousurl.com//2z XgudwilX runnin 6.16.27.21.arm64 & not seeing this Drunk Squirrel Did you even read the article? The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Grey Will it be able to change my background every eight hours without using Muzei?? Alessandro I thought Google Now Launcher was removed from the available google apps package that OEMs can include to ship with and therefore was discontinued. Wasn't GNL supposed to be removed from the playstore soon? JV Detmer Why not just random spoken words set earlier by the user. With Home? john dave This is new version of the software , let see how well it works. StephaniePeterson11 > ......................... http://deliciousurl.com//39 Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 214 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 90 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Strikethrough Text] WhatsApp Adds Quick Reply From The Notification, Multiple Contact Selection, Solid Wallpaper Colors, And Finally Dumps A Gingerbread Remnant 2016/03/30 1:00am PDTMar 30, 2016 71 2 Years Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Latest Gmail Update Brings Unified Inbox, Conversation View For Non-Gmail Accounts, Better Search, And More 2015/03/30 1:30pm PDTMar 30, 2015 15 3 Years Ago Today Music Boss For Pebble Can Now Control Playback And Volume On Chromecast Content From Your Smartwatch 2014/03/30 12:47pm PDTMar 30, 2014 42 4 Years Ago Today The Ultimate List Of Easter App And Game Sales On The Play Store [Continuously Updated] 2013/03/30 12:31pm PDTMar 30, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Google Launches Translator Toolkit, Makes It Easier To Bridge The Language Gap In Your Apps 2012/03/30 11:37pm PDTMar 30, 2012 18 6 Years Ago Today N64oid, Nintendo 64 Emulator For Android, Was Not Taken Down - It's On Hiatus Pending Performance Improvements 2011/03/30 11:39pm PDTMar 30, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Updated: Verizon Finally Starts Upgrading All Motorola Droid Users to Android 2.1 Today, Pinky Swears This Time 2010/03/30 8:10pm PDTMar 30, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 48 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 65 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 102 queries | 0.988s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 40 Plus 1 on G+ 75 Share on Facebook 89 Share on Twitter Total Shares204 Android O News Videos Series: Android O Feature Spotlights This article is part of our Android O Feature Spotlights series.Previous ArticleShow AllNext Article ... 66 30. All the Android O features we've found so far [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/25 7:38am PDTMar 25, 2017 51 31. [Update: more details] Android O feature spotlight: Notification Channels give more controls over notifications to users 2017/03/28 10:15am PDTMar 28, 2017 37 32. Android O feature spotlight: Text selection dialog now has icons and contextual actions 2017/03/28 11:29am PDTMar 28, 2017 35 33. Android O feature spotlight: There's now a progress bar for sideloading APKs 2017/03/28 12:44pm PDTMar 28, 2017 68 34. Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 View All 34 Articles In This Series Android O was revealed last week, and Google talked about the neat stuff it can do via blog posts and videos. We didn't get all the little details—those nice touches that make you smile, realizing Google takes design seriously these days. Case in point, there's a rad new animation when you open and close the notification shade. Let's watch, shall we? The above video is shown at normal speed. Notice how the icons are in that bottom strip as you open the shade. Then, they slide up as the notification they are connected to is revealed. That's cool, but it looks even cooler in slow motion.   In the above video, that same animation is playing out at one-tenth speed (this is also the case for the GIF up top).  The icons sort of float across the screen to take up their position. When you close the notifications, the icons slip back down and line up. This looks a bit like a shrunken down version of the quick settings close animation. It won't fundamentally alter the experience on Android O, but it's still cool. Tags android o animations feature spotlight series_android_o_feature_spotlights video subscribe ... Previous Story Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video ... ... Next Story TWRP adds support for the Honor 6X, Wileyfox Swift 2X, and more Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Jordan Khoviteri-Zadeh https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2e70b5d92ff6527802b46729341397b0791b1e86601708ea1d2e2d116960d6e9.gif StephaniePeterson11 > ......................... http://deliciousurl.com//39 waloody88 wow so cool :) too bad my nexus 6 will never get it :( Dirk Maybe not officially, ;-) Bewear It WILL get it, via LineageOS or any other custom ROM. You know, Nexus devices never really die... Latheryin You are missing the fact that all of Google latest code is 64 bit and the nexus 6 is 32 bit so the code is not really portable. Bewear Oh, you are right. Well, I certainly expect that some effort will be made by communities, like with ARMv6 devices. Latheryin I have spoken with many and as they are old school they know what it will entail and they have already said they are not even bothering. Many even changed devices off of the nexus 6 to the 6p because it is 64 bit. Bewear It seems I will have to jump ship soon, then, since my device is 32 bit too. Twitler What are you ? a sheap ? Don't change a Nexus at least 3-4 years.Not worth the upgrade since commnunity will take care of Nexus line better than Google ever did. Bewear The only Nexus I actually own is the Nexus 4, so I know how they can be kept alive, though it's not my main device anymore. My current device is the Moto MAXX, which is quite similar to the Nexus 6. Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher Rather looks like some animation glitch Martin I thought so too in the slow motion version, but thought it looked better at normal speed. SHunter That or Hangouts... Zsolt V Yes, and they should reassign all janitors and cafeteria workers to help out with the effort, too. P.s. I thought an inane comment like this would have been the top one. Surprised it's only #3. Suicide_Note Amazing. Maxr1998 Noticed it immediately after updating, made me smile ;) Love the attention to detail that Google is showing here! MicroNix All it does is add extra work for the SOC m477 Yeah, they should ditch the GUI altogether. Everything more than a command line is waste of resources. Nicholas Conrad Zomg, how about putting dev resources to anything else? Kehnin Dyer ui guys are BORED Nick Coad I think commenters here frequently seem to have a strange view of how software gets developed. Like people seem to think that you have 20 devs (for example) and they sit and work 100% on a single animation for four days or something. There are so many things wrong with that. Leonardo Baez This.. My god, how people can be so limited in their vision? Henry Park Because a lot of people don't know how developing software works let alone taken a programming class NothingUnknown It was either this or another messaging app. Take your pick. PVL_93_RU Looks kinda iffy, like the icons lag behind the shade Leonardo Baez 1/10th of real speed on the videos... In real speed you will not even notice Good_Ole_Pinocchio I have the new Pixel Launcher on my 6p and the "bounce" animation the Icons in these videos show, happens to the app drawer shade when I unlock the phone. Not sure how long that's been there but I just noticed it. Almost like it's saying "Hey, you can swipe up here" Abhishek Das https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/442cfb7a3fd2ab0deba7f11a64708d1a81c49b54f98d7b2e82ca4673541370df.jpg 😆😄 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d854815208e8ebd194c840a407251882b40ee69f742aa280a190fa9353c47ebe.png m477 Please stop. Konrad Krawczuk I hope its some kind of animation glitch. Looks absolutely awful. Minimalism is the key... Vivek Rameses Yeah, that is god awful. Probably a bug. Latheryin So this is what they work on while the OS has tons of issues that are far more pressing. Way to go Google. With how pointless it is there is no mistaking it came from the Google design team that I and many others are confident are pretty much blind. So yeah makes sense. Nick Coad I don't get your complaint, do you think the same people who fix low level OS bugs are working on UI animations? Is that what you actually believe? Latheryin I Believe in team work. If one fails they all fail. And the UI people have their own epic fails as of late. Nick Coad I don't understand how that's relevant to what you posted. You seem to think that this animation somehow means the OS issues are being ignored, but in reality those things are developed by different groups of people. It's like people think that they have a list of tasks and they set the entire team on each task one after the other. That's just not how it works, they will be simultaneously working on lots of shit at once across the whole team. Latheryin And it goes to show how bad that fails. Too many cooks in kitchen. They are being ignored. Just look at the shut down issue for all nexus and pixel devices after 7.0. You must never have worked on a multi-team project. Had you, then you would know that it doesn't matter what team fails. If one does the whole project fails. mchalakov I'm interested in the fails that the "UI people" did recently? Latheryin Quick tiles (waste of space) material design (text book juvenile colors) tool bars at the top of the device when they are only getting bigger. Should I keep going. Matthew Gardner That's an amazing non-response you just gave. Ever considered a career in politics? Latheryin Politics? No thanks. I have self honor. So not an option. It was an answer. It doesn't matter what part of the project fails. Give them a by because it wasn't there team is the same as a participating trophy. Both are BS. Martin Of course, how else would it work? On an unrelated note, I yelled at a gardener today. What the heck is he doing planting flowers, when he could be out fighting crime?! Nick Coad They need to slow down the speed just a tiny amount, but other than that it's a great effect. Filipe Santos Okay, now stop Google, it's too much dblock Anyone else think this doesn't look clean at all? Something about the icon beginning beneath the notification text just doesn't look good to me. Lord Argyris It's interesting how the overshoot the icons do when sliding into position isn't obvious until you see it in slow motion. I imagine if they didn't do that, the animation would look unnatural, with the icons seemingly "sticking" upon ending up in their respective notifications. A real object that moved like that and landed somewhere would bounce a bit, and so do these icons. Attention to detail--that was what Material Design was all about before we started chasing after circular icon windmills and endless UI churn. Ploppy Why would you animate something on top of something else... Nick Coad I don't even know how to respond to this. ericshmerick Gimmick gonna get old quick. BBpost Did they finally fix the issue where you get a notification beep about archiving a gmail or dismissing an exchange notification? It's really annoying when you clear out a dozen notifications and then get 12 instant notification beeps for notifications that instantly disappear. mchalakov Don't put too much thinking in this. It's just a simple animation to make someone(who notice it) smile. You know easter egg style ;) Willie Chalmers III I'm a bit indifferent to the animation change. I like the fact it's there, but maybe it's more suited to being a fade in of some kind. This doesn't feel too much like material design. Burak Çalık Its actually very good, but slow-motion view makes it look bad. mattcoz Agreed, looks terrible because the icon moves over the text. Luckily at full speed that isn't noticeable. instinct I think the opposite. We should argue about this. Ramon Add more lag to the OS. Real nice Google. Optimize more first. MeCampbell30 Looks better in slow motion to me. Looks kinda janky at regular speed. instinct I thought the same thing, It's too fast where it almost just seems to appear as if it took time to load. Fernando Pena I would never notice that if it wasn't for this post. That animation is SO FAST. I can barely see it... Mr. Spock It looks more like a bug than a feature. brolivar I could watch this all day DragoCubed It looks so good in slow motion but in real time it's simply too fast. Tahir firoz Wow 217 applications updated klaus muster ApK teardown please Car Parking Car Parking Driving Simulator is a fantastic game! It’s the best way to understand all the rules of driving and also get to exercise them interesting, however only ten challenges that we did not find everything difficult. Perfect for what it was, although not much depth. Download Link is here... https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cyberlogics.parking Vic Chai janky af. Maleko Cool? It looks like a childs idea. Just because you can animate it, doesn't mean you should. Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 214 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 6 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 724 1 Year Ago Today LG G5 Review: A Bit Of A Mess, Frankly 2016/03/31 1:41pm PDTMar 31, 2016 116 2 Years Ago Today WhatsApp Voice Calls Are Open To All In Version 2.12.19 — No Invites Needed 2015/03/31 12:45am PDTMar 31, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today [April Fools] HTC Reinvents The Nintendo Power Glove As HTC Gluuv, Makes The Same Basic Joke As Samsung 2014/03/31 8:41pm PDTMar 31, 2014 30 4 Years Ago Today Review: Jawbone UP + Android – A Baby Step Toward Truly Powerful Wearable Tech 2013/03/31 2:35pm PDTMar 31, 2013 28 5 Years Ago Today [Updated x2: Captivate, Vibrant Too] CyanogenMod 9 Nightly Builds Now Available On The Samsung Galaxy S i9000/i9000B, Captivate, And Vibrant 2012/03/31 4:02pm PDTMar 31, 2012 14 6 Years Ago Today Google's Android Market Copyright Infringement Form Wins The Troll Awards - Just Says 'crap' Upon Submission (Not An April Fool's Joke) 2011/03/31 11:28pm PDTMar 31, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Confirmed: HTC EVO 4G Will Run Froyo - The Next Version Of Android 2010/03/31 11:43pm PDTMar 31, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 49 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 67 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 127 queries | 0.559s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Uber executive’s lawyers warn he could face criminal charges Daisuke Wakabayashi and Mike Isaac 8 Hours AgoThe New York Times SHARES Justin Sullivan | Getty Images An Uber executive accused of stealing driverless car technology from his former employers at Google is exercising his Fifth Amendment right to avoid self-incrimination, according to his lawyers. The lawyers for Anthony Levandowski, the former head of Google's self-driving car project who is now leading a similar effort at Uber, said he was broadly asserting his Fifth Amendment rights because there was "potential for criminal action" in the case, according to court transcripts released Thursday. The legal maneuver adds even more intrigue to the high-profile fight between two of the technology industry's largest companies, which are squaring off in the race to put driverless cars on the road. More from The New York Times: Streaming drives US music sales up 11% in 2016 SpaceX launch feels familiar for part of the Falcon 9 Rocket With hair bows and chores, YouTube youth take on mean girls Mr. Levandowski is at the center of the lawsuit between Uber and Waymo, which was spun out from Google to become its own Alphabet subsidiary. Waymo has accused Mr. Levandowski of stealing documents and poaching employees before quitting Google and then colluding with Uber to use that technology to advance driverless car efforts at the ride-hailing service. Shortly after leaving Google, Mr. Levandowski started his own self-driving truck start-up, Otto. Six months after Otto was formed, Uber acquired the company for $680 million. In the transcript of a private hearing before Judge William Alsup in United States District Court in San Francisco, Mr. Levandowski's lawyers said he was invoking his Fifth Amendment right to avoid incrimination in turning over documents relevant to the case. Uber's lawyers said they have made clear to Mr. Levandowski that he needs to release any documents relevant to the case as part of discovery. Angela Padilla, Uber's associate general counsel, said in a statement that the company plans to publicly lay out its case on April 7. "We are very confident that Waymo's claims against Uber are baseless and that Anthony Levandowski has not used any files from Google in his work with Otto or Uber," she said. One of Mr. Levandowski's lawyers said the Uber executive's position on invoking the Fifth Amendment may change as they examine the case. Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous   
Back Join Now Log In Fitness Workouts Workout Videos Workout Tips Training Cardio Workout Music Workout Trends Workout Clothes Workout Gear Healthy Eating Healthy Recipes Meal Ideas Healthy Drinks Diet Tips & Nutrition Healthy Cooking Cooking Videos Weight Loss Tips & Plans Weight Management Weight Loss Foods Success Stories Weight Loss Videos Lifestyle Beauty Sex & Love Mind & Body Fit Getaways Fashion Bride Celebrities Interviews Celebrity Photos Celebrity News Celebrity Workouts Star Trainers Celebrity Videos Videos Shop Sweepstakes #LoveMyShape SHAPE Activewear Shape Magazine just $5.99!Join Now Search form Search Shape Magazine You are here Lifestyle / Mind and Body You Can Now Book Fitness Classes Straight from Google Maps Wanna book a class? Let us Google that for you. By Julia Malacoff | Mar 30, 2017 Topics:  health tech           With all the new class-booking apps and websites out there, signing up for workout classes is easier than ever. Still, it's totally possible to forget to do it until it's too late (ugh!), or to feel like you have to be sitting in front of a computer in order to actually go through a studio's schedule and figure out where and when you want to work out. Luckily, technology continues to make the process easier and easier. The latest development in class booking comes from a site you likely already use on the reg: Google Maps. (Here, find out if fitness apps actually help you lose weight.) Today, Google rolled out an update that allows you to use Maps directly to book classes. So now you can check out a studio's reviews, see how to get there, and sign up for a class, all in the same place. Pretty awesome, right? The feature was piloted earlier this year in cities like NYC, LA, and San Francisco, so if you live in one of those places, you might already be familiar with it. For everyone else, it's super exciting that it's now available anywhere with participating studios. (Psst: Here are more healthy Google hacks you never knew existed.) There are actually two ways to book classes. The first is to visit the Google Reserve website and search for your favorite class (or something new!). The second is to open up a studio's listing on Google Maps or through Google Search (either on your desktop or through the app). If the studio works with the service, you'll see available classes right on their listing. Then, all you have to do is click "Reserve with Google" to book and pay. Both methods allow you to see special intro deals at some studios, as well as get recommendations for other studios you might like based on location or workout style. Not only can you use the feature when booking classes in your home city, but it also comes in handy when you're traveling and not sure where to work out. (BTW, if you don't have time to hit up a class, these quick workouts designed for busy travel days will do the trick.) Google has partnered with class booking services like MindBody and Front Desk, so the process of getting into a class is even simpler if you're already registered with the service a studio uses. We're pretty psyched about this! When it comes to getting in a sweat session, anything that makes the process faster and easier is a seriously welcome development in our book. Comments Add a comment Search Shape Shop activity trackers running shoes dresses shoes rings wetsuits sandals ski training shoes headphones boots skin care health plus size clothing sneakers fragrances workout clothes Shop More Your Account Help Newsletter Customer Service Log In Join Now! Update Your Account Logout Shape.com Fitness Healthy Eating Weight Loss Lifestyle Celebrities Videos Sweepstakes Shape Magazine Subscribe Digital Editions Gift Subscriptions Renew Subscriptions Customer Service Advertise with Us Affiliate Program Meredith Beauty Fitness Magazine Shape Martha Stewart Weddings Mywedding Divine Caroline More Siempre Mujer © Copyright 2017, Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved  | Privacy Policy  | Data Policy  | Terms of Service |  AdChoices
printed March 31, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18954 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Forums Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Bug Puts Android Wear 2.0 Rollout On Hold Article Comments   Yesterday, 3:57 PM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Google has pulled back the reigns on its deployment of Android Wear 2.0. Earlier this week the company said select smartwatches should expect to see the update soon. However, Google ran into some trouble. "We have started rolling out the Android Wear 2.0 update to Fossil Q Founder, Casio Smart Outdoor Watch WSD-F10 and Tag Heuer Connected," said Google in a statement provided to 9to5Google. "For other devices, the update is currently being delayed due to a bug found in final testing. We will push the update to the remaining devices as soon as the issue is resolved." Google didn't say how long it might take to resolve the bug. Android Wear 2.0 is eventually expected to reach the Asus ZenWatch 2 and 3; Casio Smart Outdoor and Pro Trek Smart; Fossil Q Marshal and Wander; Huawei Watch; LG G Watch R, Watch Urbane, Watch Urbane 2nd Ed; Moto 360 (2nd Gen and Sport); and New Balance RunIQ. more info at 9to5Google » Related Google news Android news AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 1 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
printed March 31, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18943 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Forums Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  Reviews  › Review: LG G6 Hardware Software Wrap-Up Comments   Yesterday, 10:30 AM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper LG G6 The LG G6 is a strong offering from the Korean company that goes toe-to-toe with the best from Apple and Samsung. The G6 features a gorgeous design, the best materials, a waterproof chassis, and killer cameras. Toss in extras like Google Assistant, a unique screen and powerful Android software, and the G6 is hard to beat. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review of LG's 2017 flagship handset. AD       article continues below... Is It Your Type? The LG G6 is a high-end, powerful handset from LG that covers all the bases and then some. If you're in the market for a classy, waterproof Android smartphone that nearly does it all, the LG G6 should be at the top of your list. Body The G6 is LG's masterwork. There's no doubt in my mind that it's the finest handset to ever come from LG's designers and engineers in Seoul. The G6 entirely makes up for last year's weak and ungainly G5, and rivals the best from Apple, Samsung, and HTC. LG has outdone itself and set a new bar in combining function and form. LG broke away from the cheap plastic designs of its early G series phones with the all-metal 2016 G5. This year's flagship elevates LG's design chops even further. The G6 features an aluminum frame that's sandwiched between two pieces of glass. The phone is a bit oblong thanks to the new screen aspect ratio, but the general shape is conservative with somewhat rounded side edges and a 3D curved rear panel. Metal and glass phones may not be for everyone, but it looks classy, it feels classy, it is classy. Whether you go for the platinum or black, the G6 is refined and impressive. Body   The phone has a huge 5.7-inch screen and yet LG managed to minimize the footprint thanks to the screen shape and incredibly slim bezels all the way around. The G6's body is significantly smaller than other large-screen phones like the Apple iPhone 7 Plus, Google Pixel XL, etc. The narrow shape makes the phone easy to hold and use. Despite the big screen, I was able to frequently use the G6 one-handed. People with the smallest hands may find the G6 awkward, but I think the majority of people will be able to use the phone easily. I do wish the phone were a tad thinner. At 8.3mm thick, it's slightly thicker than its competition. The G6 is also a little on the heavy side. It fits in most pockets with ease. You can't ask for finer materials and build quality. The flat front panel is made from Gorilla Glass 3, while the curved rear panel is Gorilla Glass 5, and the frame is milled from solid aluminum. If you're wondering why the front isn't Gorilla Glass 5, it's because other aspects of the design (the metal frame, flat face, and physically rounded screen corners) improve durability in a way that takes stress off the screen if it's dropped. LG claims this allowed it to select Gorilla Glass 3 for the front without sacrificing durability. The frame has antenna lines here and there, and attractive chamfers on both the front and back. The glass panels are fitted into the metal frame with a high degree of precision. I really like the feel of the smooth back surface, which curves gently to meet the frame. The fit and finish is fantastic. LG stretched the display from the standard 16:9 aspect ratio to a taller “18:9” (2:1) aspect ratio. At the same time, LG slimmed down the bezels. The result is a tall, narrow phone that looks different from what you're used to. (The Samsung Galaxy S8 adopted a similar aspect ratio and tall design.) Above the screen you'll see the usual sensors and speaker, crammed into a very thin space. These elements are more visible on the platinum color than they are on the black color. LG's logo is the only thing below the display. The phone has no front buttons at all; it uses software buttons to interact with the user interface. I'm glad LG has moved away from its rear-mounted button configuration. You'll find the volume buttons on the side. These buttons are separate keys that have good profiles, travel, and feedback. You can use the volume button to launch the camera if you wish. The top of the phone has a 3.5mm headphone jack, something the iPhone 7, Moto Z, and HTC U Ultra all lack. The right edge holds the SIM/memory card tray. The tray is rather wide, thanks to its side-by-side layout. I had no trouble ejecting it with a SIM tray tool. I wish the tray were metal and not plastic. A USB-C port is positioned in the middle of the phone's bottom edge and the speakerphone is next to it. These outer controls and ports all work as they should. The curvy glass rear panel is gorgeous. I'm more partial to the platinum than the black, but both are stunning in their quality. The platinum color has a grainy finish underneath the glass that I find particularly appealing. It's mostly flat, but does curve just a bit near the frame, on all four sides. The glass and frame are sealed up tight, so there's no access to the battery. If there's one thing I don't like about the G6, it's how LG treated the camera module. The dual-camera array is where you expect it to be, near the top edge. The wide-angle lens is on the left and the standard-angle lens in on the right with the two-tone flash in between. LG cut a section out of the rear panel's glass to fit the module, which is itself covered in glass. The joint between the two pieces of glass is a bit rough all the way around. I think LG could have done a better job here. LG positioned the fingerprint reader below the camera module. I wish it were just a bit bigger, but it's no problem to find by feel. The reader is also the phone's lock button. The action is just okay. The G6 is waterproof with an IP68 rating, which means it can handle full submersion in water for a half hour, in addition to getting wet in the rain. The phone easily lives up to LG's claims here. I held it under running water for more than a minute and let it sit in a bucket of water for while. Water runs off the G6 as it does a duck's back. LG also says the phone can handle some punishment thanks to the design of the screen. I dropped it onto carpet and wooden floors without issue. I'm too chicken to drop it on concrete. I mean, it is nearly all glass. LG insists that a great deal of engineering effort went into durability, but you may feel better getting a case for it. From a design perspective, the LG G6 is nearly flawless. The phone is everything I want in a 2017 flagship and more. It's simply stunning in every way. Well done, LG, well done. Screen The G6 has an IPS LCD display and it is staggeringly attractive. LG is making a big deal about the screen's new aspect ratio. It measures 5.7 inches across the diagonal and packs quad HD+ resolution, or 2,880 by 1,440 pixels. The 2:1 aspect ratio means the screen looks narrow and taller when compared to traditional 16:9 displays. Interestingly, the screen has rounded corners and I really like the effect. The size and resolution make for an incredibly sharp display. The LCD panel puts out plenty of light. I had no trouble using the phone indoors and out, though I found the auto-brightness tool wasn't very effective. You may need to manage brightness manually. Viewing angles are excellent; you'll notice a slight drop in brightness as the phone is tilted, but there's no color shift. This is as fine a display as you're going to find on a modern phone. Signal LG sent us an AT&T-branded G6, so we tested the phone on AT&T's network in and around New York City. The phone performed on par with the best phones I've used in the area. It remained connected to LTE 4G throughout my time with the phone; I never saw it drop to HSPA / 3.5G. The G6 had no trouble placing calls, even under the worst signal conditions. It maintained calls at highway speeds, and didn't drop or miss any while I tested it. Data speeds were impressive. Peak speeds on AT&T's LTE network topped 50 Mbps, though average speeds were less. The G6 was a fine tool for browsing through Facebook, Instagram, and other social apps. Streaming media over 4G didn't tax the phone at all. Music and video alike flowed through the G6 without buffering or interruptions. The cellular radio works well. Sound Most people will be impressed with the G6's voice quality; I know I was. The earpiece produces bright, punchy voice tones. With the volume up all the way, you can hear calls in most places you might bring the phone. I was able to maintain conversations in noisy coffee shops, rowdy basketball games, and busy shopping malls. I did notice a very small amount of static in the background when the volume is cranked, but it didn't impact clarity overmuch. I tested standard voice calls and VoLTE calls. I noticed a small uptick in clarity with VoLTE calls. People said I sounded very good via the G6. The speakerphone works well, too, and delivers crisp, clear conversations that are audible in moving cars, at home, and most other places. The speaker is on the bottom edge of the phone, which I think is the best position given how people often hold their phone when using the speaker. Ring tones and alerts blast from the bottom of the G6 with the force of a bullhorn. I was able to hear the phone ring from anywhere in my two-story house. The vibrate alert is decent. Battery LG packed a 3,300 mAh battery inside the G6's slim chassis and it does a great job. The phone typically had plenty of power to spare at the end of each day, often on the order of 20% to 30%. I pushed it heavily on several days, with lots of camera / video use and even uploaded a 22-minute 4K video to YouTube. These activities definitely chewed through some capacity, but I still had enough juice left at bedtime. Whatever electric mojo LG has tuned in under the hood, it's working. LG gave the G6 extra tools to help manage battery life. In addition to the standard Android power saver mode, the G6 also has a setting that specifically reduces the processor power given to games. Regardless, the battery life is good enough that I didn't need these tools. Lasty, the G6 supports Quick Charge 3.0 through its USB-C port. Thanks to the included fast charger, the G6 will power up quickly when needed. It also supports both major wireless charging standards, which means it is compatible with most wireless charging pads. I tested it on a Qi-based pad and it worked fine. Battery   Bluetooth, GPS, NFC, WiFi The G6's secondary radios all worked well. Bluetooth was a cinch to use and the NFC radio helped me pair the G6 with a wide array of Bluetooth accessories. I used the G6 for several calls via my car's hands-free system and they sounded very good. Music had a rich sound when passed through a good Bluetooth speaker. You can use the NFC radio for mobile payments via Google's Android Pay service. Google Maps and the G6's GPS radio were bosom buddies. The phone located me within seconds and was accurate to about 10 feet. That's excellent. Real-time navigation between points worked flawlessly. The WiFi worked just fine. view article on one page Next page: Software X Related Review: Android 7 Nougat Verizon Bundling Free TV with LG G6 AT&T Launching LG G6 with 2-for-1 Offer T-Mobile to Sell LG G6 Starting April 7 for $650 more LG G6 news LG G6 specs & features LG G6 user reviews LG news   LG phones Google news Android news Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 1 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google Allo could get a ‘quick selfie’ button among other new features Newsby Brian Reigh8 hours ago 9 102 15 Google is constantly updating its messaging app, and the latest report claims that Allo might be getting a dedicated “quick selfie” button as well as a backup and restore feature. And of course, what would a Google Allo update be without a slew of new stickers? See also: Are you one of the 10 million who have installed Google Allo? December 15, 2016 While it’s a small addition to the app, I do wish that a) this does officially come to Google Allo and b) other messaging apps would follow. According to 9to5Google, there are some new features embedded within Google Allo that just haven’t been enabled yet. And one of them is a “quick selfie” button right inside your messaging box. Simply tap on the camera button, and a circular preview screen will pop up with a shutter button. Once you take a selfie, you can either send it or get rid of it. While it’s a small addition to the app, I do wish that a) this does officially come to Google Allo and b) other messaging apps would follow. You can see it in action below: Google Allo could also receive an update that will allow you to add stickers on top of any photos you take, similar to Snapchat’s filters and stickers. Given Google’s love for stickers, I’m surprised that it’s taken the company this long to add this feature. Another big hidden (and disabled) feature is the option to backup and restore your messaging data. The folks over at 9to5Google discovered the following, but not much is known at this point: <boolean name=”BackupRestore__enable_backup_restore” value=”false” /> Similarly, Google may be expanding its incognito chat option so that group chats can be incognito as well, but again, nothing else is there apart from the code which hints at this feature. I want to emphasize that these are not official new features: these features may come with the next Google Allo update, or they may never make public appearance – we just have to wait and see, unfortunately. Which of these features would you like to see in the next update? Let us know in the comments below! News Google Allo Google Allo  9to5Google Brian Reigh Brian Reigh is a contributor at Android Authority, covering all Android-related news and features. He has always been passionate about technology, especially mobile phones. He is a recent alum of Dartmouth College and is currently in law school. Show 9 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 5 days ago60 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News Google Maps and Search can be used to reserve and pay for fitness classes 51 minutes ago Robot Unicorn Attack 3 begins pre-registration in the Play Store 5 hours ago Simple adds support for Android Pay 6 hours ago Telegram app update adds voice calling features for Western Europe 7 hours ago Google Allo could get a ‘quick selfie’ button among other new features 8 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 40 Plus 1 on G+ 75 Share on Facebook 89 Share on Twitter Total Shares204 Android O News Videos Series: Android O Feature Spotlights This article is part of our Android O Feature Spotlights series.Previous ArticleShow AllNext Article ... 66 30. All the Android O features we've found so far [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/25 7:38am PDTMar 25, 2017 51 31. [Update: more details] Android O feature spotlight: Notification Channels give more controls over notifications to users 2017/03/28 10:15am PDTMar 28, 2017 37 32. Android O feature spotlight: Text selection dialog now has icons and contextual actions 2017/03/28 11:29am PDTMar 28, 2017 35 33. Android O feature spotlight: There's now a progress bar for sideloading APKs 2017/03/28 12:44pm PDTMar 28, 2017 68 34. Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 View All 34 Articles In This Series Android O was revealed last week, and Google talked about the neat stuff it can do via blog posts and videos. We didn't get all the little details—those nice touches that make you smile, realizing Google takes design seriously these days. Case in point, there's a rad new animation when you open and close the notification shade. Let's watch, shall we? The above video is shown at normal speed. Notice how the icons are in that bottom strip as you open the shade. Then, they slide up as the notification they are connected to is revealed. That's cool, but it looks even cooler in slow motion.   In the above video, that same animation is playing out at one-tenth speed (this is also the case for the GIF up top).  The icons sort of float across the screen to take up their position. When you close the notifications, the icons slip back down and line up. This looks a bit like a shrunken down version of the quick settings close animation. It won't fundamentally alter the experience on Android O, but it's still cool. Tags android o animations feature spotlight series_android_o_feature_spotlights video subscribe ... Previous Story Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video ... ... Next Story TWRP adds support for the Honor 6X, Wileyfox Swift 2X, and more Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Jordan Khoviteri-Zadeh https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2e70b5d92ff6527802b46729341397b0791b1e86601708ea1d2e2d116960d6e9.gif StephaniePeterson11 > ......................... http://deliciousurl.com//39 waloody88 wow so cool :) too bad my nexus 6 will never get it :( Dirk Maybe not officially, ;-) Bewear It WILL get it, via LineageOS or any other custom ROM. You know, Nexus devices never really die... Latheryin You are missing the fact that all of Google latest code is 64 bit and the nexus 6 is 32 bit so the code is not really portable. Bewear Oh, you are right. Well, I certainly expect that some effort will be made by communities, like with ARMv6 devices. Latheryin I have spoken with many and as they are old school they know what it will entail and they have already said they are not even bothering. Many even changed devices off of the nexus 6 to the 6p because it is 64 bit. Bewear It seems I will have to jump ship soon, then, since my device is 32 bit too. Twitler What are you ? a sheap ? Don't change a Nexus at least 3-4 years.Not worth the upgrade since commnunity will take care of Nexus line better than Google ever did. Bewear The only Nexus I actually own is the Nexus 4, so I know how they can be kept alive, though it's not my main device anymore. My current device is the Moto MAXX, which is quite similar to the Nexus 6. Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher Rather looks like some animation glitch Martin I thought so too in the slow motion version, but thought it looked better at normal speed. SHunter That or Hangouts... Zsolt V Yes, and they should reassign all janitors and cafeteria workers to help out with the effort, too. P.s. I thought an inane comment like this would have been the top one. Surprised it's only #3. Suicide_Note Amazing. Maxr1998 Noticed it immediately after updating, made me smile ;) Love the attention to detail that Google is showing here! MicroNix All it does is add extra work for the SOC m477 Yeah, they should ditch the GUI altogether. Everything more than a command line is waste of resources. Nicholas Conrad Zomg, how about putting dev resources to anything else? Kehnin Dyer ui guys are BORED Nick Coad I think commenters here frequently seem to have a strange view of how software gets developed. Like people seem to think that you have 20 devs (for example) and they sit and work 100% on a single animation for four days or something. There are so many things wrong with that. Leonardo Baez This.. My god, how people can be so limited in their vision? Henry Park Because a lot of people don't know how developing software works let alone taken a programming class NothingUnknown It was either this or another messaging app. Take your pick. PVL_93_RU Looks kinda iffy, like the icons lag behind the shade Leonardo Baez 1/10th of real speed on the videos... In real speed you will not even notice Good_Ole_Pinocchio I have the new Pixel Launcher on my 6p and the "bounce" animation the Icons in these videos show, happens to the app drawer shade when I unlock the phone. Not sure how long that's been there but I just noticed it. Almost like it's saying "Hey, you can swipe up here" Abhishek Das https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/442cfb7a3fd2ab0deba7f11a64708d1a81c49b54f98d7b2e82ca4673541370df.jpg 😆😄 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d854815208e8ebd194c840a407251882b40ee69f742aa280a190fa9353c47ebe.png m477 Please stop. Konrad Krawczuk I hope its some kind of animation glitch. Looks absolutely awful. Minimalism is the key... Vivek Rameses Yeah, that is god awful. Probably a bug. Latheryin So this is what they work on while the OS has tons of issues that are far more pressing. Way to go Google. With how pointless it is there is no mistaking it came from the Google design team that I and many others are confident are pretty much blind. So yeah makes sense. Nick Coad I don't get your complaint, do you think the same people who fix low level OS bugs are working on UI animations? Is that what you actually believe? Latheryin I Believe in team work. If one fails they all fail. And the UI people have their own epic fails as of late. Nick Coad I don't understand how that's relevant to what you posted. You seem to think that this animation somehow means the OS issues are being ignored, but in reality those things are developed by different groups of people. It's like people think that they have a list of tasks and they set the entire team on each task one after the other. That's just not how it works, they will be simultaneously working on lots of shit at once across the whole team. Latheryin And it goes to show how bad that fails. Too many cooks in kitchen. They are being ignored. Just look at the shut down issue for all nexus and pixel devices after 7.0. You must never have worked on a multi-team project. Had you, then you would know that it doesn't matter what team fails. If one does the whole project fails. mchalakov I'm interested in the fails that the "UI people" did recently? Latheryin Quick tiles (waste of space) material design (text book juvenile colors) tool bars at the top of the device when they are only getting bigger. Should I keep going. Matthew Gardner That's an amazing non-response you just gave. Ever considered a career in politics? Latheryin Politics? No thanks. I have self honor. So not an option. It was an answer. It doesn't matter what part of the project fails. Give them a by because it wasn't there team is the same as a participating trophy. Both are BS. Martin Of course, how else would it work? On an unrelated note, I yelled at a gardener today. What the heck is he doing planting flowers, when he could be out fighting crime?! Nick Coad They need to slow down the speed just a tiny amount, but other than that it's a great effect. Filipe Santos Okay, now stop Google, it's too much dblock Anyone else think this doesn't look clean at all? Something about the icon beginning beneath the notification text just doesn't look good to me. Lord Argyris It's interesting how the overshoot the icons do when sliding into position isn't obvious until you see it in slow motion. I imagine if they didn't do that, the animation would look unnatural, with the icons seemingly "sticking" upon ending up in their respective notifications. A real object that moved like that and landed somewhere would bounce a bit, and so do these icons. Attention to detail--that was what Material Design was all about before we started chasing after circular icon windmills and endless UI churn. Ploppy Why would you animate something on top of something else... Nick Coad I don't even know how to respond to this. ericshmerick Gimmick gonna get old quick. BBpost Did they finally fix the issue where you get a notification beep about archiving a gmail or dismissing an exchange notification? It's really annoying when you clear out a dozen notifications and then get 12 instant notification beeps for notifications that instantly disappear. mchalakov Don't put too much thinking in this. It's just a simple animation to make someone(who notice it) smile. You know easter egg style ;) Willie Chalmers III I'm a bit indifferent to the animation change. I like the fact it's there, but maybe it's more suited to being a fade in of some kind. This doesn't feel too much like material design. Burak Çalık Its actually very good, but slow-motion view makes it look bad. mattcoz Agreed, looks terrible because the icon moves over the text. Luckily at full speed that isn't noticeable. instinct I think the opposite. We should argue about this. Ramon Add more lag to the OS. Real nice Google. Optimize more first. MeCampbell30 Looks better in slow motion to me. Looks kinda janky at regular speed. instinct I thought the same thing, It's too fast where it almost just seems to appear as if it took time to load. Fernando Pena I would never notice that if it wasn't for this post. That animation is SO FAST. I can barely see it... Mr. Spock It looks more like a bug than a feature. brolivar I could watch this all day DragoCubed It looks so good in slow motion but in real time it's simply too fast. Tahir firoz Wow 217 applications updated klaus muster ApK teardown please Car Parking Car Parking Driving Simulator is a fantastic game! It’s the best way to understand all the rules of driving and also get to exercise them interesting, however only ten challenges that we did not find everything difficult. Perfect for what it was, although not much depth. Download Link is here... https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cyberlogics.parking Vic Chai janky af. Maleko Cool? It looks like a childs idea. Just because you can animate it, doesn't mean you should. Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 214 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 6 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 724 1 Year Ago Today LG G5 Review: A Bit Of A Mess, Frankly 2016/03/31 1:41pm PDTMar 31, 2016 116 2 Years Ago Today WhatsApp Voice Calls Are Open To All In Version 2.12.19 — No Invites Needed 2015/03/31 12:45am PDTMar 31, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today [April Fools] HTC Reinvents The Nintendo Power Glove As HTC Gluuv, Makes The Same Basic Joke As Samsung 2014/03/31 8:41pm PDTMar 31, 2014 30 4 Years Ago Today Review: Jawbone UP + Android – A Baby Step Toward Truly Powerful Wearable Tech 2013/03/31 2:35pm PDTMar 31, 2013 28 5 Years Ago Today [Updated x2: Captivate, Vibrant Too] CyanogenMod 9 Nightly Builds Now Available On The Samsung Galaxy S i9000/i9000B, Captivate, And Vibrant 2012/03/31 4:02pm PDTMar 31, 2012 14 6 Years Ago Today Google's Android Market Copyright Infringement Form Wins The Troll Awards - Just Says 'crap' Upon Submission (Not An April Fool's Joke) 2011/03/31 11:28pm PDTMar 31, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Confirmed: HTC EVO 4G Will Run Froyo - The Next Version Of Android 2010/03/31 11:43pm PDTMar 31, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 49 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 67 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 127 queries | 0.559s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google adds direct fitness class booking on desktop and mobile Brittany A. Roston - Mar 30, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Summer is approaching, and that means many people are making a last-minute scramble to get in shape ahead of upcoming vacations and trips to the beach. Just in time to help is a new feature from Google called ‘Reserve with Google,’ a way to find nearby fitness studios and then book an appointment with them directly. The feature is launching on both desktop and mobile devices, and, at times, includes promotions for users. Google announced the new feature on Thursday, saying it is available through Google Search, Google Maps, and the dedicated Reserve with Google website for consumers in the U.S. When using the dedicated website (via mobile or desktop), users can browse through fitness studios that are close to their location; this includes recommendations to get the user started. The dedicated website allows users to choose a date and a city, then shows options within cards that include the studio, location, Google Reviews, class duration, cost, and type of fitness. Beneath the cards, the website includes categories for other types of workouts, such as yoga, barre, pilates, and dancing. In true Google fashion, there’s also an ‘I’m Feeling Lucky’ option. Click on a class card’s listed time, and you’ll be taken to a new page that allows users to add their name, email address, and a payment page. The class is paid for directly from that page, meaning the user only has to show up for the class on time. Classes can also be browsed and booked using Google Search on mobile and desktop, and Google Maps on desktop. SOURCE: Google Blog Story Timeline Now Google Home can control your August Smart Lock Google Home adds integrations with Wink, TP-Link, LIFX and many more Google Calendar launches for iPad Tags fitnessgooglehealth Must Read Bits & Bytes 2017 Hyundai Ioniq Electric and Hybrid First Drive: Reaching past the Prius rainbow HTC U Ultra Review: Flawed Beauty Things to know about the Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Gear 360 (2017) hands-on: Full 4K in 360-degrees Samsung Galaxy S8 hands-on with Galaxy S8+ – To Infinity & beyond Latest Headlines Google Home could soon play text-based, audio-only games Mar 31, 2017 Spotify ‘Traffic Jams’ shows artists creating music during LA rush hour Mar 30, 2017 Samsung DeX Station for Galaxy S8 finally gets a price tag Mar 30, 2017 Comcast Xfinity Internet gets pay-as-you-go prepaid option Mar 30, 2017 SpaceX’s reused Falcon 9 rocket launch was a success Mar 30, 2017 Latest Reviews HTC U Ultra Review: Flawed Beauty Mar 30, 2017 Ultimate Ears Wonderboom review: A great speaker for its price range Mar 29, 2017 ChefSteps Joule Review: If Apple cooked sous-vide Mar 27, 2017 The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild review – The grandest adventure yet Mar 26, 2017 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review Mar 22, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Biz Break: YouTube to give advertisers more… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Malia’s Stanford friend Death Valley fossil heist Celebrity photos Pilot dies during flight Love in the outfield Ivanka doesn’t get it Business Biz Break: YouTube to give advertisers more data on where their spots are placed Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) YouTube Google’s YouTube is reportedly working on ways to give advertisers more information about getting their ads placed in the correct spots on the video-streaming site. The move comes after several notable companies pulled their ads from YouTube after those spots appeared next to extremist, anti-Semitic and other videos promoting hate speech. By Rex Crum | rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com | March 30, 2017 at 2:28 pm Top of the Order:   Have a Look Here: Google’s YouTube recently found itself in a bit of a quandary as the video-streaming site felt the wrath of advertisers who began pulling their spots when they found their products showed up next to videos for extremist, anti-Semitic and hate groups. Those aren’t the kinds of places where the chief executives of companies like AT&T, Johnson & Johnson and Verizon want to see their brands. So, those big-time ad buyers began pulling their spots from YouTube. Related Articles Biz Break: New Samsung Galaxy S8 phones throw down a challenge to Apple Biz Break: Amazon ventures into the Middle East with Souq.com deal Biz Break: Oh, Snap! Messaging app company gets high marks from Wall Street Biz Break: Social networks vie for coveted rights to Thursday NFL games Biz Break: $200 million in tips give Lyft drivers a lift Well, YouTube doesn’t want to lost those ad dollars. Which is why the company is starting to let advertisers see where their sports are going to be running on the site. The Recode tech site said Google is giving ad-buying giant GroupM a list of all the YouTube channels that are part of Google’s preferred advertising program. This will allow GroupM to figure out in advance where its clients’ ads should run on YouTube. Recode said that GroupM is using OpenSlate, an analytics company, to look at the content of those channels in the preferred advertising program as part of the effort to ensure advertisers get their spots in the right place, and in front of the potentially right customers. The brouhaha over advertisers pulling their ads from YouTube began in February, when the Walt Disney Co. cut its ties with YouTube star PewDiePie due to his posting of several videos with anti-Semitic messages and Nazi imagery. At the time, PewDiePie’s channel, which was part of Google’s preferred advertising program, had 53 million subscribers. Middle Innings: Burn, Baby, Burn: President Donald Trump loves Twitter. Whether people agree with him or not, the president has amassed more than 27 million Twitter followers of his @realDonaldTrump account. And there is at least one Twitter account that is taking what the president tweets out and burning it for all to see. The account, called @burnedyourtweet is really little more than a video of a machine that prints out Trump’s tweets, and then, with the use of a robotic arm and lighter, sets fire to Trump’s missives and lets them burn in an ashtray. Running on Auto(pilot): Tesla has rolled out the latest update to its Autopilot feature. Sure, Autopilot’s Autosteer function can now work at speeds of up to 80 miles an hour. But does that really matter when you can draw on the car’s dash pad while you’re flying down the highway? Is Android No. 1?: That looks to be the case, at least in terms of revenue from app store downloads. App industry researcher App Annie has put out a new report that estimates that Android app store sales will reach $41 million this year, compared to $40 million from downloads of Apple iOS App Store apps. However, App Annie noted as a standalone store, Apple’s App Store will remain the single-largest seller of downloadable apps, as the Android app revenue comes from a combination of the Google Play store and third-party Android app stores. Bottom of the Lineup: Here’s a look at how some leading Silicon Valley stocks did Thursday… Movin’ on Up: Extreme Networks shares rose more than 14 percent, to close at $7.38 after the San Jose-based said Wednesday it would buy Brocade’s data center networking business from Broadcom for $55 million. Gains also came from YuMe, Silver Spring Networks, Glu Mobile and Advanced Micro Devices. In the Red: Decliners included Depomed, Nektar Therapeutics, Intuit, Cypress Semiconductor and Barracuda Networks. The tech-focused Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0.3 percent to 5,914.34. The blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average added 0.3 percent to reach 20,728.49. And the broad-based Standard & Poor’s 500 Index also tacked on 0.3 percent to end the day at 2,368.06. Quote of the Day: “We know we have a long way to go.” — Uber, in a statement on the ride-sharing company’s blog. Uber said it would begin acting on feedback from its drivers and riders in an effort to clean up its image after month of embarrassing incidents for the company and its executives. Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Tags:  60 Second Biz Break Rex Crum Rex Crum is the senior web editor for the business section for The Mercury News and Bay Area News Group. He also writes about business and technology for the publications' print and web editions, and has covered business and technology for nearly two decades. A native of Seattle, he remains a diehard Seahawks and Mariners fan and is imparting his fandom to his Oakland-native wife and two young daughters. Follow Rex Crum @rexcrum Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular San Jose: Stabbing victim found in Willow Glen Film room: Why have the Warriors contained James Harden so well? If you left the Bay Area, where would you go? Fossils stolen from Death Valley National Park Malia Obama’s mystery Stanford grad friend is … just a friend Why more Bay Area residents are saying they want to flee Campbell: Light-rail train hits, kills pedestrian Ask Amy: Mom’s granny panties offend son-in-law More in Business Bay Area residents to rally against Facebook and Amazon amid gentrification concerns March 30, 2017, 10:04 pm A coalition made up of East Palo Alto and Menlo Park residents is holding a candlelight vigil to raise concerns about how Facebook and Amazon are impacting their neighbors. Elon Musk’s SpaceX launches its first recycled rocket March 30, 2017, 6:56 pm SpaceX successfully launched and then retrieved its first recycled rocket Thursday, the biggest leap yet in its bid to drive down costs and speed up flights. Oculus co-founder Palmer Luckey is leaving Facebook March 30, 2017, 4:04 pm Palmer Luckey, co-founder of virtual reality company Oculus, has been embroiled in controversy since the social media giant purchased the virtual reality headset maker in 2014. Uber extends olive branch to mend ‘frayed’ relationships with drivers March 30, 2017, 3:32 pm The ride-hailing company will give its drivers a chance to tell their side of the story before punishing them over passenger complaints. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Twitter Facebook Follow us: Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media Tools Advertise Google AdWords Rolls Out 3 Important Upgrades to Dynamic Search Ads News· Paid Search March 30, 2017 News Paid Search Matt SouthernMarch 30, 2017 SEJ STAFF 297SHARES 725READS 297SHARES 725READS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 297SHARES 725READS ADVERTISEMENT Google AdWords has introduced three improvements to Dynamic Search Ads (DSA), which are said to make them more effective than ever. Here’s what’s new. Page Feeds A page feed allows advertisers to specify the exact URLs which are to be used with Dynamic Search Ads. This will help ensure only the most relevant products and services are advertised to customers via DSA campaigns. This works by providing Google with a feed of what you want to promote, and the corresponding landing pages. Dynamic Search Ads will then generate ads only based on the URLs you provide, as long as your campaign is set to “Use URLs from my page feed only.” For more information on how to create a page feed, see Google’s AdWords Help article. Expanded Dynamic Search Ads DSA campaigns will soon be able to support expanded text ads. That means longer headlines and descriptions for providing more information about your products and services. This update is said to be rolling out over the next month. Showing More Relevant Ads by Default Google is improving the overall effectiveness of DSA campaigns by showing searchers more relevant ads. ”For example, if you’re a baker in Palm Springs, your ads should only show to people who are looking for baked goods in Palm Springs.” Advertisers are already seeing an increase in conversion rate and a decrease in CPA as a result of these updates, according to Google. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts Google AdWords Upgrades App Campaigns & TrueView Ads Bing Ads Tests Dynamic Search Ads Bing’s Dynamic Search Ads: Better Features than Google? Google Rolls Out Real-World Test of Android Instant Apps in Search Results ADVERTISEMENT Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) Google iPhone App Updated With New 3D Touch Controls - March 30, 2017 Bing Releases an iMessage Extension, a Potential Google Allo Competitor - March 30, 2017 Bing Ads Will Stop Supporting Monthly Budgets as of April 30 - March 30, 2017 Download: Our E-Books For Free Get our latest SEO guide, social media strategy, and content marketing whitepaper by subscribing to our newsletter below! Invalid email address.   ADVERTISEMENT Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: SEJ Summit 2017 Upcoming Event: Chicago See all SEJ Summit Conferences #SEJThinktank Webinar Site Audits with SEJ Wed. April 5th, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Search Engine Nerds Best Practices for 2017 SEO Audits See all Search Engine Nerds Podcasts ADVERTISEMENT Popular Posts 1 Which Is Better: Facebook Advertising or Google AdWords? 11.6K reads 3/3/2017 2 Google: New Industry Benchmarks for Mobile Page Speed 8.4K reads 2/28/2017 3 Old-School SEO: 6 On-Page Optimization Techniques that Google Hates 6.4K reads 3/16/2017 4 8 Modern Link Acquisition Tactics that Work 5.9K reads 3/13/2017 5 3 Excel Formulas for Google’s Keyword Planner Search Volume Numbers 5.0K reads 3/10/2017See All Popular Posts ADVERTISEMENT SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Plus 1 on G+ 29 Share on Facebook 43 Share on Twitter Total Shares94 Android Wear News You might have heard about Valve Time - the tendency for video game company Valve to release games and features long after the intended date. Google is also guilty of this, with apps and features still rolling out weeks after being announced. Many Android Wear users were left wondering why their watches had not received the much-anticipated 2.0 update weeks after the rollout supposedly started, but know we know why. Google has confirmed to Wareable.com that the update was delayed to fix a bug. We haven't asked Google ourselves, but this is the statement provided by Wareable: "We have started rolling out the Android Wear 2.0 update to Fossil Q Founder, Casio Smart Outdoor Watch WSD-F10 and Tag Heuer Connected. For other devices, the update is currently being delayed due to a bug found in final testing. We will push the update to the remaining devices as soon as the issue is resolved." Considering Android Wear 2.0 was initially slated for a late 2016 release, and was even delayed, it's rather annoying that all the bugs were not properly ironed out already. But pushing a buggy update to users probably wouldn't have worked out very well. Source: Wareable Tags android wear android wear 2.0 bug delayed rollout subscribe ... Previous Story Gangstar New Orleans OpenWorld is celebrating Mardi Gras a little late with its official release ... Next Story ZTE announces Android 7.1.1 preview for Axon 7 Mini users Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Naga Sridhar They could have as well waited till I/0 2017 and say, yes the release in on to your watches right now! Đức Thành It's nothing serious, but this is just another example of poor planning. Please don't turn this into a habit, Google. I love Google, but honestly nobody wants to hear your excuses when you are doing business. Especially when all of this could be solved very easily if you just wait until the final product is ready *before* announcing a release date. demarcmj It's already become a habit. Đức Thành Worse, it might become an addiction. mattcoz Stop being ridiculous, if they planned for the possibility of bugs then it would never get released. Nothing is ever released completely free of bugs. They never announced a date for the update of older devices. Đức Thành I was being very reasonable, in fact. You are correct that it is nearly impossible to plan for the possibility of bugs, but that wasn't the point. The point is Google should learn how to do estimations more accurately, and move the release date to a more appropriate time, preferably later than how they usually do it. If you are going to release it late anyway (and this has happened a bunch of times, there's no reason Google can't learn from it), why not announce the ETA a little bit later and take more time to prepare, instead of making the service users wait in anticipation? There is always unknown risks and it's probably not possible yet to account for all the possibilities things could go wrong, but risks are something that can be managed. NexusMan It was announced 2 weeks ago I'd get it by the end of this month...And I got it yesterday. Đức Thành Well that's not too bad then? I was making the comments based on the observation that Google missed the deadline they set for themselves for some of the devices. Two questions though: What is your device and does the timely update for your device also apply for all other devices? Actually, if the answer to that last question is "no," I've got one more question: Have you read the article? (Not trying to be rude or anything, just curious.) NexusMan In February, in a blog post, Google announced "Android Wear 2.0 will be available for all supported watches in the coming weeks." Still not sure what your complaint is. Yesterday was "the coming weeks" from February and unless the world ends, there are still more weeks to come. mattcoz The point is, no matter how long they wait to there is a chance something will crop up afterwards. It happens, that's why it's only an estimate. Đức Thành The point is Google can learn to make better estimations. NexusMan You're right. They should just do like Samsung and release devices that catch on fire. Rush everything...Software, devices and batteries to market. Who cares if it's ready? Đức Thành If that was sarcasm, I think you might have missed my point. To clarify, my point wasn't for Google to "release products on time according to the announced ETA," but to "make sure most of the preparation for the product launch are well taken care of *and then* announce an ETA for the products." Whether there was a misunderstanding or I not, I hope I have made it clear. NexusMan I didn't miss your point. My point is stuff happens. Frawlz You would have thought this is what the beta was for...... Stephen Cornwell Until it's released it's still pre-release software, as the quote says the bud we was found in final testing we're talking about a release candidate, which is where bugs are found. Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher Bugs are found at every stage. Even after release. With each phase a wider range of devices are exposed to the software raising the likelihood for a bug to surface. JD With Google its always beta Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher Popular opinion is that the bug is Qualcomm/SnapDragon related, hence the earlier release of the update for Intel chipset watches: Fossil, Tag Heuer, Casio. The other guess is that this bug has something to do with battery drain or faulty power management, something some of the new LG watches (Sport, Style) seem to suffer from. Still, using the Dev Preview on my Huawei Watch I haven't experienced any bad battery, I still get around 1.5 days with always on screen and tilt to wake using my own watch-face/launcher. Corbin Davenport Maybe, the Polar M600 is also getting the update now, and it has a MediaTek processor. Matt Mine isn't. I contacted Polar the other day and support said they had no new news about when it was going out. Matt "We were told it was going to be released mid to late March. Unfortunately we don't have an ETA on that release data but it should be very soon." That was March 22. Matt Of course now I see the latest article. Nicholas Polydor BTW, @corbin_davenport , the site is Wareable.com not Wearable.com (not that I'm sure why they spelt it that way, mind!) TheJester Polar comfirmed me the update until end of next week on twitter. Andy Webber Could be something introduced after the last beta. mattcoz Most likely the case, and they were probably focused on testing for the SD2100 leading up to the release. Jordan L Solid analysis. Also, I get about 1.5days on my Huawei Watch w/ Dev Preview, using a WatchMaker face too. King_Android "We found a bug, that we are trying to iron out" = The quickest way to stop us nerds from complaining so much. demarcmj Google was good at updating stuff when they only had a few devices to worry about. They have been progressively becoming worse and worse as the amount of "stuff" to manage has grown. This "bug" non-explanation is the same excuse they gave for making Nexus 6 users wait on 7.0. In that case, as well as this, there was a lengthy beta program that is ostensibly supposed to be used to iron out the bugs. mattcoz That's generally how it works, and no beta period ever irons out all the bugs. kenspiracy Honestly, with everything I've heard about how AW2.0 handles notifications, I'm not even sure I want the update on my Moto 360. Leonardo Baez If it is 1st gen it wont update kenspiracy It's not. Stephen Cornwell I've been running it for months, the notifications are much better than 1.0. jstew182 I have been searching for a while now trying to find a good video showing how notifications work on 2.0. Does the name of the person still stay at the bottom of the screen when they message you or does it show an icon or what? thespacecowboy How about not launching a product/release until it's ready? This was updated/posted early February, nearly two months ago. https://developer.android.com/wear/index.html Middlefinger Dont be daft, this is Google we are talking about. mattcoz Maybe the bug didn't present itself until after the release when testing on older hardware. Đức Thành Sorry but that's not an explanation, that's an excuse. Then why not test the software on those older hardware? mattcoz That's when the bug appeared, during testing. jubby2000 Wareable* Mitch Brown I am all for Google doing quality control. I would rather wait longer and get something that works. Anyone who has run a Windows based system knows what working with bugs in the system is like. That's what I like about Android, I experience very few problems working with Android or Chrome OS. Can't say the same for Windows 10. Aditya Singh I have fossil q founder 2.0. When will my watch get android wear 2 ? George Garrett Must be a serious bug. Huawei replaced my Nexus 6p after they said the Android 7.0 update nuked a third of my battery capacity; and that was an actual release. The wear 2.0 update must've done something terrible. Stoneule Hilarious. Once again Google is finding ways to destroy Android Wear. Incredible really. In fact is there anything from io2016 that wasn't a complete disaster? I'll say it for the 100th time, get rid of Sundar. Google needs new leadership JD Oh Google no one cares for your BS excuses. You're not a startup anymore. Nick Coad Cool, now explain to me why the LG Sport and LG Style are so shit. NexusMan Because they're made by LG. Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 214 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 6 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 90 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Strikethrough Text] WhatsApp Adds Quick Reply From The Notification, Multiple Contact Selection, Solid Wallpaper Colors, And Finally Dumps A Gingerbread Remnant 2016/03/30 1:00am PDTMar 30, 2016 71 2 Years Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Latest Gmail Update Brings Unified Inbox, Conversation View For Non-Gmail Accounts, Better Search, And More 2015/03/30 1:30pm PDTMar 30, 2015 15 3 Years Ago Today Music Boss For Pebble Can Now Control Playback And Volume On Chromecast Content From Your Smartwatch 2014/03/30 12:47pm PDTMar 30, 2014 42 4 Years Ago Today The Ultimate List Of Easter App And Game Sales On The Play Store [Continuously Updated] 2013/03/30 12:31pm PDTMar 30, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Google Launches Translator Toolkit, Makes It Easier To Bridge The Language Gap In Your Apps 2012/03/30 11:37pm PDTMar 30, 2012 18 6 Years Ago Today N64oid, Nintendo 64 Emulator For Android, Was Not Taken Down - It's On Hiatus Pending Performance Improvements 2011/03/30 11:39pm PDTMar 30, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Updated: Verizon Finally Starts Upgrading All Motorola Droid Users to Android 2.1 Today, Pinky Swears This Time 2010/03/30 8:10pm PDTMar 30, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 48 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 66 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.341s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers · : · : · : · UNTIL PRICES RISE FOR Learn More Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Until prices rise for TNW Conference. Learn more > Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Google Home to hit the UK next month by Matthew Hughes — in Gadgets 349 shares The Amazon Echo has ruled the UK’s smart assistant space unopposed since it launched last September. But that rule will soon end, as Google Home has almost reached the White Cliffs of Dover. Tally ho! To differentiate it from the current US offering, Google says it has “hidden a few British treats” in the device. I’m going to assume that this refers to skills – rather than packets of Parma Violets concealed in the chassis. Win a trip to Amsterdam! We've teamed up with Product Hunt to offer you the chance to win an all expense paid trip to TNW Conference 2017! CHECK IT OUT Google Home can answer questions, translate phrases between languages, and offer weather, traffic, and news updates. The latter comes from publications like the BBC, The Guardian, and The Financial Times. The device – which bears more than a passing resemblance to a Glade air freshener – is expected to go on sale on April 6, with a retail price of £129. Mountain View has also taken the opportunity to launch Google Wi-Fi – its pricey, but excellent router – at the same time. It plans to sell these individually, for £129, and in a two-pack, for £229. Tempted punters will be able to pick up both devices from Argos, John Lewis, Dixons, and Maplin (which I totally forgot was a thing). Eventually, they will also make their way to Amazon. Read next: Facebook brings Stories to everyone, completes Snapchat cloning program GearGoogle Share on Facebook (145) Share on Twitter (176) Matthew Hughes is a reporter from Liverpool. Happy to hear your thoughts on matthughes@thenextweb.com or @matthewhughes on Twitter. Matthew Hughes is a journalist from Liverpool, England. His interests include security, startups, food, and storytelling. Follow him on Twitter. Contact Mail Tweet Location Liverpool Posts 438 Posts / mo. 53.43   All posts by Matthew > The latest articles around Google Google thinks you're fat, now lets you book fitness classes in Search Rachel Kaser Google Calendar is finally available for the iPad Abhimanyu Ghoshal Google's new site showcases its open source projects and favorite tools Abhimanyu Ghoshal Here's some more distraction Oculus cofounder leaves Facebook amid legal firestorm Rachel Kaser Facebook opens 360 livestreaming to everyone Rachel Kaser Is your business really ready to grow? TNW with TMF Group 9 of the best Facebook Stories filters that put Snapchat to shame Rachel Kaser Office romance: 7 proven ways to create a successful startup-corporate collaboration TNW with BNP Paribas Amazon's no-cashier store can't handle more than a few shoppers Rachel Kaser Comments Recommended 3 software development trends you don’t want to miss Raygun Most popular 1 The science behind fonts (and how they make you feel) Mikael Cho 2 Don't even think of naming your business until you read this Julian Shapiro 3 Twitter will no longer count @-names in replies as part of its 140 character limit Napier Lopez 4 Adobe figured out a way to copy realistic photo styles from one picture to another Abhimanyu Ghoshal 5 Facebook opens 360 livestreaming to everyone Rachel Kaser Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company Facebook Build and make an impact Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest 1 You can now buy a Microsoft Edition Galaxy S8, but there's really no need Abhimanyu Ghoshal 2 SpaceX makes history by successfully re-launching an orbital rocket for the first time Abhimanyu Ghoshal 3 This DIY Nintendo build is pure portable nostalgia Bryan Clark 4 This octopus-like robot arm grips objects and doesn't let go Bryan Clark 5 Radar system envisions a safer future for self-driving cars Rachel Kaser @mattcutts The objective is not to make your links appear natural. The objective is that your links are natural. Share Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Menu Topics Business Impact Connectivity Intelligent Machines Rewriting Life Sustainable Energy 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Intelligent Machines Tech Giants Grapple with the Ethical Concerns Raised by the AI Boom As machines take over more decisions from humans, new questions about fairness, ethics, and morality arise. by Tom Simonite March 30, 2017 Recommended for You Baidu’s Plan for Artificial Intelligence without Andrew Ng Nvidia’s Deep-Learning Chips May Give Medicine a Shot in the Arm Google’s AI Explosion in One Chart Is This the Anti-Aging Pill We’ve All Been Waiting For? Elon Musk’s OpenAI Unveils a Simpler Way for Machines to Learn With great power comes great responsibility—and artificial-intelligence technology is getting much more powerful. Companies in the vanguard of developing and deploying machine learning and AI are now starting to talk openly about ethical challenges raised by their increasingly smart creations. “We’re here at an inflection point for AI,” said Eric Horvitz, managing director of Microsoft Research, at MIT Technology Review’s EmTech conference this week. “We have an ethical imperative to harness AI to protect and preserve over time.” Horvitz spoke alongside researchers from IBM and Google pondering similar issues. One shared concern was that recent advances are leading companies to put software in positions with very direct control over humans—for example in health care. Francesca Rossi, a researcher at IBM, gave the example of a machine providing assistance or companionship to elderly people. “This robot will have to follow cultural norms that are culture-specific and task-specific,” she said. “[And] if you were to deploy in the U.S. or Japan, that behavior would have to be very different.” Such robots may still be a ways off, but ethical challenges raised by AI are already here. As businesses and governments rely more on machine-learning systems to make decisions, blind spots or biases in the technology can effectively lead to discrimination against certain types of people. A ProPublica investigation last year, for example, found that a risk scoring system used in some states to inform criminal sentencing was biased against blacks. Similarly, Horvitz described how an emotion recognition service developed at Microsoft for use by businesses was initially inaccurate for small children, because it was trained using a grab bag of photos that wasn’t properly curated. Maya Gupta, a researcher at Google, called for the industry to work harder on developing processes to ensure data used to train algorithms isn’t skewed. “A lot of times these data sets are being created in a somewhat automated way,” said Gupta. “We have to think more about are we sampling enough from minority groups to be sure we did a good enough job?” In the past year, many efforts to research the ethical challenges of machine learning and AI have sprung up in academia and industry. The University of California, Berkeley; Harvard; and the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge have all started programs or institutes to work on ethics and safety in AI. In 2016, Amazon, Microsoft, Google, IBM, and Facebook jointly founded a nonprofit called Partnership on AI to work on the problem (Apple joined in January). Companies are also taking individual action to build safeguards around their technology. Gupta highlighted research at Google that is testing ways to correct biased machine-learning models, or prevent them from becoming skewed in the first place. Horvitz described Microsoft’s internal ethics board for AI, dubbed AETHER, which considers things like new decision algorithms developed for the company’s in-cloud services. Although currently populated with Microsoft employees, in future the company hopes to add outside voices as well. Google has started its own AI ethics board. Perhaps unsurprisingly, the companies creating such programs generally argue they obviate the need for new forms of government regulation of artificial intelligence. But at EmTech, Horvitz also encouraged discussion of extreme outcomes that might lead some people to conclude the opposite. In February he convened a workshop where experts laid out in detail how AI might harm society by doing things like messing with the stock market or election results. “If you’re proactive, you can come up with outcomes that are feasible and put mechanisms in place to disrupt them now,” said Horvitz. That kind of talk seemed to unnerve some of those he shared the stage with in San Francisco. Gupta of Google encouraged people to also consider how taking some decisions out of the hands of humans could make the world more moral than it is now. “Machine learning is controllable and precise and measurable with statistics,” she said. “There are so many possibilities for more fairness, and more ethical results.” Weren't able to make it to EmTech Digital? We've got you covered. Watch videos here Tagged AI ethics, EmTech Digital 2017 Tom Simonite San Francisco Bureau Chief I’m MIT Technology Review’s San Francisco bureau chief and enjoy a diverse diet of algorithms, Internet, and human-computer interaction with chips on the side. I lead our coverage of new ideas from Silicon Valley, whether they spring from tech… More giants, new startups, or academic labs. My journey to the West Coast started in a small English market town and took in the University of Cambridge, Imperial College London, and five years writing and editing technology news coverage at New Scientist magazine. READ COMMENTS Please read our commenting guidelines. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Subscribe Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Recommended for You Baidu’s Plan for Artificial Intelligence without Andrew Ng Nvidia’s Deep-Learning Chips May Give Medicine a Shot in the Arm Google’s AI Explosion in One Chart Is This the Anti-Aging Pill We’ve All Been Waiting For? Elon Musk’s OpenAI Unveils a Simpler Way for Machines to Learn More from Intelligent Machines Artificial intelligence and robots are transforming how we work and live. This Robotic Tentacle Can Easily Grasp Smooth Objects Its dexterity could make it invaluable in factories and homes. by Jamie Condliffe Microsoft: AI Isn’t Yet Adaptable Enough to Help Businesses Microsoft’s top research executive says it’s too difficult to customize powerful machine-learning systems to an individual company’s needs. by Tom Simonite Is Artificial Intelligence Stuck in A Rut? The former director of Uber’s AI lab says the field is in danger of losing sight of its long-term goals. by Will Knight More from Intelligent Machines From Our Advertisers Sponsored by IBM Digital Consequences in partnership with SAP AI is the New Black Provided by BBVA The Next Step in Finance: Exponential Banking Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe and become an Insider. Insider Premium {! insider.prices.premium !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Our award winning magazine, unlimited access to our story archive, special discounts to MIT Technology Review Events, and exclusive content. {! insider.buttons.premium.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience First Look. Exclusive early access to stories. Insider Conversations. Join in and ask questions as our editors talk to innovators from around the world. Insider Plus {! insider.prices.plus !}* Best Value {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Everything included in Insider Basic, plus ad-free web experience, select discounts to partner offerings and MIT Technology Review events {! insider.buttons.plus.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience Insider Basic {! insider.prices.basic !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Six issues of our award winning magazine and daily delivery of The Download, our newsletter of what’s important in technology and innovation. {! insider.buttons.basic.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Press Room Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| / You've read all of your free articles this month. This is your last free article this month. You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe now or log in for unlimited online access.
Jobs Cars Homes Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Horncastle News Search More Close ] News Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Your Say Offbeat Celebs Regional National News Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Your Say Offbeat Celebs Regional National Sport Football Cricket More Sport National Sport What's On Music Theatre & Comedy Arts & Screen Lifestyle Cars Technology giants pledge to work together to tackle online terrorist content 23:44 Thursday 30 March 2017 Technology giants have pledged to join forces in efforts to tackle terrorist content online following a summit with the Home Secretary. Facebook, Google, Twitter and Microsoft committed to explore options for a cross-industry forum and step up collaboration on technical tools that aim to identify and remove extremist propaganda. The plans were announced after a meeting between senior executives from the four firms, as well as figures from other companies, and Home Secretary Amber Rudd. A number of platforms have repeatedly faced calls to do more to stop terror-related videos and pages spreading on the web. The debate flared up last week after it emerged that information on how to mount an attack was easily accessible in the wake of Westminster terrorist Khalid Masood's murderous rampage. In a joint statement after the meeting, bosses from Facebook, Google, Twitter and Microsoft said they would "encourage the further development of technical tools to identify and remove terrorist propaganda". "Companies apply unique content policies and have developed - and continue to develop - techniques appropriate for or unique to their own platforms," they said. "Nonetheless, there is a significant opportunity to share the knowledge gained in these varied efforts to develop innovative solutions." The companies will also explore the creation of a new forum to increase collaboration within the industry. They said: "Companies increasingly share best practices with one another, and we have seen that sharing lessons learned across sectors can improve our collective response to this challenge. "Each of our companies also commits to urgently improve that collaboration." The internet giants also outlined two further goals - more support for "younger" companies on how to counter terrorist material online, and to "promote alternative and counter-narratives" through civil society organisations. "Our companies are committed to making our platforms a hostile space for those who seek to do harm and we have been working on this issue for several years," the statement said. "We share the Government's commitment to ensuring terrorists do not have a voice online." Ms Rudd reported that it was a "useful discussion", and welcomed the commitment to set up a cross-industry forum. The Home Secretary said: "My starting point is pretty straightforward. I don't think that people who want to do us harm should be able to use the internet or social media to do so. I want to make sure we are doing everything we can to stop this. "In taking forward this work I'd like to see the industry to go further and faster in not only removing online terrorist content but stopping it going up in the first place. "I'd also like to see more support for smaller and emerging platforms to do this as well, so they can no longer be seen as an alternative shop floor by those who want to do us harm". The Home Secretary also raised concerns about the issue of encryption and warned that there should be no safe space for terrorists to communicate online. "I am clear that Government and industry need to work more closely together on this issue so that law enforcement and the intelligence agencies can get access to the data they need to keep us safe," she said. Further meetings are planned to further address this issue. A fresh debate over authorities' access to communications was sparked after it was reported that Masood's phone connected with encrypted messaging service WhatsApp shortly before the atrocity. WhatsApp has said it is "co-operating with law enforcement as they continue their investigations". Masood killed four people in last week's terror attack. An inquest for Masood, 52 - who was shot dead by police - was opened and adjourned on Thursday. Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Brian Paddick said: "Of course, Internet Service Providers and social media platforms must do everything they can to prevent terrorist material being spread online. "But I hope the Conservative Government's obsession with undermining our security online has finally been put to bed for good." Labour MP Yvette Cooper, chairwoman of the Commons Home Affairs Committee, said: "This is all a bit lame. All the Government and social media companies appear to have agreed is to discuss options for a possible forum in order to have more discussions. "Having meetings about meetings just isn't good enough when there is still illegal terrorist recruitment propaganda up online. "They need to get on with taking it down, and to say what resources they will put into doing this." Copyright (c) Press Association Ltd. 2017, All Rights Reserved. Trending Parked vehicles are ruining landmark site - Horncastle residents Police pledge to look into Queen Street ‘breach’ Watch-out...the tide’s on turn in Horncastle When do the clocks go forward in 2017? Wongers into cup final: But the hard work starts now, says Shinn Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Horncastle News means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Horncastle News You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Horncastle News Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sport Lifestyle What's On More from Horncastle News Announcements Buy a Photo Directory Jobs Homes Cars Dating Local Guide Public Notices Useful Links Contact Us Advertise My Business Advertise a Job Place your Ad Subscribe © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies Boosted by consumer spending, US economic growth revised higher in Q4 Business Standard Google's claim against former executive could help Uber Waymo filed a motion seeking temporary injunction to stop Uber's driverless car development Daisuke Wakabayashi  |  San Francisco  March 31, 2017 Last Updated at 02:40 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUJsRt Uber’s autonomous truck Otto ALSO READ Ambitious engineer at centre of colossal fight between Google and Uber Block Uber's self-driving car project, Waymo asks federal court Google accuses Uber of stealing self-drive technology Google's self-driving car firm sues Uber for allegedly stealing its tech Uber lawsuit highlights the rush to conquer driverless cars Several months before filing a lawsuit against Uber, Google demanded arbitration against the head of Uber’s self-driving car unit, claiming that he used confidential salary information while trying to poach former colleagues to a new venture that he eventually sold to Uber.   Google’s previously undisclosed legal action against Anthony Levandowski, who is accused by Waymo of stealing corporate secrets when he worked there and taking them to Uber, came out in a motion filed by Uber’s lawyers on Wednesday. Waymo, an autonomous car business, spun out into its own subsidiary of Google’s parent company, Alphabet, in December. Levandowski is at the centre of a high-powered legal dispute between Waymo and Uber. Waymo has said that Levandowski, who joined Uber six months after leaving Google, when the ride-hailing service bought his start-up Otto for $680 million in August, colluded with Uber to steal information about Waymo’s self-driving vehicle technology.   Waymo filed a motion seeking a temporary injunction this month to stop Uber’s driverless car development.   Uber wants to settle the lawsuit in arbitration, arguing that Waymo’s claims stem from Levandowski’s time at Google and are covered by an arbitration clause in his employment contract. Arbitration is usually less expensive and proceeds faster than a federal lawsuit. It is not argued in front of a jury, and arbitration hearings are not part of the public record.   In Wednesday’s motion, Uber said that Waymo filed two arbitration demands against Levandowski in October saying that he breached the confidentiality agreement in his employment contract with Google when he used confidential salary information to make “targeted offers to Waymo’s employees” to aid Uber and Otto. Similarly, he used that information to induce “Waymo employees to join a competing driverless-car enterprise,” according to court documents.   The documents do not mention if the arbitration was settled. Waymo said Wednesday evening that it intended to oppose Uber’s motion. Uber said it would move forward with its request for arbitration on the dispute with Waymo this week.   “The broad arbitration provisions in Levandowski’s employment contracts require that disputes with anyone arising out of or related to Levandowski’s employment must be arbitrated,” wrote Arturo Gonzalez, Uber’s layer.   Uber is also asking an arbitrator to declare that Waymo’s accusations that Uber misappropriated trade secrets and competed unfairly are “meritless.”   While Uber wants to arbitrate Waymo’s claims that Uber is using trade secrets and competed unfairly, the ride-hailing service said Waymo’s claims of patent infringement should move ahead in federal court.  ©2017 The New York Times News Service Read More On Uber | Google | Waymo | Levandowski | International | Companies PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels The 'One' Sedan the World's Elite Prefer to Drive Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Google's claim against former executive could help Uber Waymo filed a motion seeking temporary injunction to stop Uber's driverless car development Waymo filed a motion seeking temporary injunction to stop Uber's driverless car development Several months before filing a lawsuit against Uber, Google demanded arbitration against the head of Uber’s self-driving car unit, claiming that he used confidential salary information while trying to poach former colleagues to a new venture that he eventually sold to Uber.   Google’s previously undisclosed legal action against Anthony Levandowski, who is accused by Waymo of stealing corporate secrets when he worked there and taking them to Uber, came out in a motion filed by Uber’s lawyers on Wednesday. Waymo, an autonomous car business, spun out into its own subsidiary of Google’s parent company, Alphabet, in December. Levandowski is at the centre of a high-powered legal dispute between Waymo and Uber. Waymo has said that Levandowski, who joined Uber six months after leaving Google, when the ride-hailing service bought his start-up Otto for $680 million in August, colluded with Uber to steal information about Waymo’s self-driving vehicle technology.   Waymo filed a motion seeking a temporary injunction this month to stop Uber’s driverless car development.   Uber wants to settle the lawsuit in arbitration, arguing that Waymo’s claims stem from Levandowski’s time at Google and are covered by an arbitration clause in his employment contract. Arbitration is usually less expensive and proceeds faster than a federal lawsuit. It is not argued in front of a jury, and arbitration hearings are not part of the public record.   In Wednesday’s motion, Uber said that Waymo filed two arbitration demands against Levandowski in October saying that he breached the confidentiality agreement in his employment contract with Google when he used confidential salary information to make “targeted offers to Waymo’s employees” to aid Uber and Otto. Similarly, he used that information to induce “Waymo employees to join a competing driverless-car enterprise,” according to court documents.   The documents do not mention if the arbitration was settled. Waymo said Wednesday evening that it intended to oppose Uber’s motion. Uber said it would move forward with its request for arbitration on the dispute with Waymo this week.   “The broad arbitration provisions in Levandowski’s employment contracts require that disputes with anyone arising out of or related to Levandowski’s employment must be arbitrated,” wrote Arturo Gonzalez, Uber’s layer.   Uber is also asking an arbitrator to declare that Waymo’s accusations that Uber misappropriated trade secrets and competed unfairly are “meritless.”   While Uber wants to arbitrate Waymo’s claims that Uber is using trade secrets and competed unfairly, the ride-hailing service said Waymo’s claims of patent infringement should move ahead in federal court.  ©2017 The New York Times News Service Daisuke Wakabayashi Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Google's claim against former executive could help Uber Waymo filed a motion seeking temporary injunction to stop Uber's driverless car development Several months before filing a lawsuit against Uber, Google demanded arbitration against the head of Uber’s self-driving car unit, claiming that he used confidential salary information while trying to poach former colleagues to a new venture that he eventually sold to Uber.   Google’s previously undisclosed legal action against Anthony Levandowski, who is accused by Waymo of stealing corporate secrets when he worked there and taking them to Uber, came out in a motion filed by Uber’s lawyers on Wednesday. Waymo, an autonomous car business, spun out into its own subsidiary of Google’s parent company, Alphabet, in December. Levandowski is at the centre of a high-powered legal dispute between Waymo and Uber. Waymo has said that Levandowski, who joined Uber six months after leaving Google, when the ride-hailing service bought his start-up Otto for $680 million in August, colluded with Uber to steal information about Waymo’s self-driving vehicle technology.   Waymo filed a motion seeking a temporary injunction this month to stop Uber’s driverless car development.   Uber wants to settle the lawsuit in arbitration, arguing that Waymo’s claims stem from Levandowski’s time at Google and are covered by an arbitration clause in his employment contract. Arbitration is usually less expensive and proceeds faster than a federal lawsuit. It is not argued in front of a jury, and arbitration hearings are not part of the public record.   In Wednesday’s motion, Uber said that Waymo filed two arbitration demands against Levandowski in October saying that he breached the confidentiality agreement in his employment contract with Google when he used confidential salary information to make “targeted offers to Waymo’s employees” to aid Uber and Otto. Similarly, he used that information to induce “Waymo employees to join a competing driverless-car enterprise,” according to court documents.   The documents do not mention if the arbitration was settled. Waymo said Wednesday evening that it intended to oppose Uber’s motion. Uber said it would move forward with its request for arbitration on the dispute with Waymo this week.   “The broad arbitration provisions in Levandowski’s employment contracts require that disputes with anyone arising out of or related to Levandowski’s employment must be arbitrated,” wrote Arturo Gonzalez, Uber’s layer.   Uber is also asking an arbitrator to declare that Waymo’s accusations that Uber misappropriated trade secrets and competed unfairly are “meritless.”   While Uber wants to arbitrate Waymo’s claims that Uber is using trade secrets and competed unfairly, the ride-hailing service said Waymo’s claims of patent infringement should move ahead in federal court.  ©2017 The New York Times News Service Daisuke Wakabayashi Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 26 Plus 1 on G+ 46 Share on Facebook 31 Share on Twitter Total Shares103 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Article Contents 1 Teardown 1.1 Video previews and auto-play 1.2 code 1.3 User-defined actions, meet IFTTT 1.4 code 1.5 Prevent accidental and unauthorized purchases (on phones) 1.6 code 1.7 Toggle for auto-added app icons 2 Download A new version of the Google app began rolling out earlier this week, but there don't appear to be any major changes going live quite yet. However, this version does bring some big clues about upcoming changes. On the docket for this teardown is a new authentication step for purchases made through Google Assistant, video previews in search results, user-defined actions take form through IFTTT, and some people will be happy to find out that Google's launcher won't always add icons for newly installed apps. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Video previews and auto-play These days, it's pretty common to perform a Google search and get back more than just a page of links to websites. In fact, it's almost weird not to get back at least a few video suggestions, image results, or even knowledge graph info. With regular results, you'll see text previews that tell you what to expect when you get to a page. However, videos don't afford the same clues about what you're going to get, only a thumbnail, and it's usually chosen by the creator. That's going to change as Google prepares to show video previews in search results. The evidence for video previews actually comes in the form of a new setting (not currently live) that will allow users to turn video previews off. Seeing as people aren't actually seeing video previews in search results, this is a pretty good hint of what's to come. This wouldn't be Google's first foray into showing video previews, it actually became a feature on the web search results around early 2011. Users could click on a little magnifying glass for "instant previews" of pages and videos. That feature vanished at some point, but there's no denying that it can be pretty useful. code <string name="video_preference_title">Video</string> <string name="video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_title">Network</string> <string name="video_preview_autoplay_on_wifi_preference_desc">Play video previews automatically on Wi-Fi</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay">Autoplay</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data">Allow on mobile networks</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_preference">enableVideoPreviewAutoplayOnMobileDataPreference</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_autoplay_preference">enableVideoPreviewAutoplayPreference</string> <string name="enable_video_preview_network_preference_category">enableVideoPreviewNetworkPreferenceCategory</string> /res/xml/video_preference_header.xml <preference-headers xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <header android:id="@id/video_header" android:title="@string/video_preference_title" android:fragment="com.google.android.apps.gsa.staticplugins.videopreference.VideoPreferenceFragment" /> </preference-headers> /res/xml/video_preference.xml <PreferenceScreen android:id="@id/video_preference_screen" xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <SwitchPreference android:persistent="false" android:title="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay" android:key="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay_preference" android:summary="@string/video_preview_autoplay_on_wifi_preference_desc" android:defaultValue="true" /> <PreferenceCategory android:title="@string/video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_title" android:key="@string/enable_video_preview_network_preference_category"> <SwitchPreference android:persistent="false" android:title="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data" android:key="@string/enable_video_preview_autoplay_on_mobile_data_preference" android:defaultValue="false" /> </PreferenceCategory> </PreferenceScreen> I won't go into making predictions about web results, but it's pretty clear mobile users are going to see video previews when they use Google's search bar. How will they work and what will they look like? That I can't say for sure, but the evidence strongly suggests they'll actually auto-play, which means the thumbnails will probably disappear shortly after coming into view and frames of the video will begin running. I assume they won't begin playing audio, because that would be horrible. The auto-play setting all of this is based upon will obviously be useful for turning this feature off, which you may want to do for data conservation, or if you simply find sudden motion annoying. Wi-Fi and cellular connections can be enabled or disabled individually, but the defaults are naturally set so only Wi-Fi is enabled when this feature goes live. The one thing I notice that's missing is a way to start a preview if the auto-play setting is switched off. Perhaps this isn't included in the app itself, but will be delivered as part of Google's results, or maybe that's not actually going to be a feature, but it leads me to think Google might not be ready to launch this quite yet. User-defined actions, meet IFTTT Back in August, shortly after Google Assistant code first appeared in public releases, we got a look at the early stages of user-defined actions. When launch day came, there was no obvious sign that this feature had actually made the cut, nor were there many changes to any related text or resources since then. That is, until now. New strings reveal that Google is integrating the popular IFTTT (If-This-Then-That) service to handle custom user actions. code <string name="user_defined_action_ifttt_action_section_title">IFTTT actions</string> <string name="user_defined_action_menu_save_button">Save</string> <string name="user_defined_action_paused_action_section_title">Paused actions</string> <string name="user_defined_action_speech_recognition_prompt_text">When I say Okay Google…</string> <string name="user_defined_action_target_command_hint">Google Assistant should do</string> <string name="user_defined_action_action_list_section_title">Learned actions</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_action_section_title">Teach your assistant to…</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_do_action_title">Do something</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_ifttt_action_title">Create IFTTT action</string> <string name="user_defined_action_create_say_action_title">Say something</string> <string name="user_defined_action_delete_confirmation_cancel_text">CANCEL</string> <string name="user_defined_action_delete_confirmation_delete_text">DELETE</string> <string name="user_defined_action_delete_confirmation_text">Are you sure you want to delete this action?</string> New Layouts /res/layout/assistant_user_defined_action_do_editor_layout.xml /res/layout/assistant_user_defined_action_say_editor_layout.xml New preference screen /res/xml/user_defined_action_preference_screen.xml <PreferenceScreen xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_create_action_header_key" android:order="0" /> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_active_action_category_key" android:order="1" /> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_paused_action_category_key" android:order="2" /> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.CustomPreferenceCategory android:key="@string/assistant_settings_ifttt_action_category_key" android:order="3" /> </PreferenceScreen> <string name="assistant_settings_active_action_category_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionActiveActionsCategoryKey</string> <string name="assistant_settings_create_action_header_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionCreateActionHeaderKey</string> <string name="assistant_settings_ifttt_action_category_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionIFTTTActionsCategoryKey</string> <string name="assistant_settings_paused_action_category_key">assistantSettingsUserDefinedActionPausedActionsCategoryKey</string> This might feel a bit anticlimactic since many of us have already been using IFTTT with Google Assistant. There's no reason to expect changes to that base functionality, Google is simply building a native interface for creating these actions. On the plus side, it means we don't have to use IFTTT's website... And that's definitely a good thing. (It's not a great site.) ifttt_logo There are also no clues to indicate how capable these actions are going to be. IFTTT's "Applets" are effectively made up of two parts: a service that triggers an event, and the action that is performed in response. In this case, the trigger is obviously going to be Google Assistant, and it will listen for a user-defined phrase. What isn't clear is how much control users will have to define the resulting actions; basically, if they'll have the same range of services and options for configurability as they would on the site, or if the interface will offer a limited set of options. Prevent accidental and unauthorized purchases (on phones) Purchases made through voice-activated gadgets have been a bit of a hot topic lately, particularly thanks to a series of incidents involving the Amazon Echo. A few weeks ago, Google Assistant gained some similar shopping capabilities; and while there haven't been any reports of accidental or unauthorized purchases yet, it's only a matter of time unless something is done to prevent it. Google is already working on a solution. According to new text in the app, users will soon have the option to require an additional authentication step before purchases can be completed. At this time, the only standard method of authentication is a fingerprint, which should be enough for most people. Of course, if you are using a device without a fingerprint reader, or chose not to set up a fingerprint for use on your phone, this won't do much for you. It's also noted that if authentication is set to not be required, "suspicious behavior" may still trigger a check. If this happens, it looks like a password will be necessary to complete the purchase. code <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_title">Authentication</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_section_title">Purchases on this device</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_page_header">Adjust settings for authentication when making purchases using Google Assistant on this device.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_dialog_message">Confirm with password.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_mechanism_title">Fingerprint authentication</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_mechanism_description">Allow your fingerprint to be used as authentication for Google Assistant purchases on this device.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_title">Purchase authentication</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_always">Confirmation required</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_always_required">Required for every purchase</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_never">Confirmation not required</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_never_description">We may ask if suspicious behavior is detected</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_not_required">Not required</string> <string name="assistant_settings_payments_phone_authentication_frequency_not_required_detail">We may ask if suspicious behavior is detected</string> New Layouts /res/layout/assistant_payments_phone_authentication_entry.xml /res/layout/assistant_payments_phone_authentication_item.xml /res/layout/assistant_payments_phone_authentication_template.xml This feature is intended to be specific to each device, which currently means it's directed at phones. It's safe to assume there's a plan for Google Home and other voice-only appliances using Assistant, but there's nothing visible yet to indicate how that will work. I would expect a proper solution is still pending the rollout of multiple accounts on Home, at which point the signed-in users will all probably be able to perform the authentication steps on their phones to complete purchases started on Home. This should hopefully put an end to any concerns about accidental and unauthorized purchases resulting from misunderstood conversations, ambient noise, demanding children, or friends with a penchant for pranks. Toggle for auto-added app icons Finally, we get to one of those little features that seem simple, but many people are bothered to no end if they aren't available. I'm talking about the launcher's behavior of automatically adding an icon to a home screen when a new app is installed. Most third-party launchers offer users the freedom to disable this, and it's hit-and-miss for OEMs. Google's launcher counts among the ranks that doesn't give users a choice, but that's about to change. <string name="auto_add_shortcuts_label">Add icon to Home screen</string> <string name="auto_add_shortcuts_description">For new apps</string> From /xml/launcher_preferences.xml <SwitchPreference android:persistent="true" android:title="@string/auto_add_shortcuts_label" android:key="pref_add_icon_to_home" android:summary="@string/auto_add_shortcuts_description" android:defaultValue="true" /> There's not really much more to say about this other than it's placement, which will be at the bottom of the Settings screen alongside the toggles for app suggestions and allow rotation. I'm not sure why it wasn't already activated in this release, but maybe Google is waiting to roll it out remotely at some point in the near future. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 6.16.25 beta APK Mirror Download: Google app (Play Store) Tags apk apk download apk teardown app authentication authorization auto-play autoplay download downloads fingerprint ifttt launcher search results teardown user-defined actions video previews subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Just adding icon to homescreen is already present play store. Isn't it the same function? Suicide_Note That's what i was thinking too. F4LL0U7 Came here to say the same thing. Is there anyone that doesn't already uncheck that box immediately when setting up a new device? Not sure I'd expect to rely on the launcher for that. Also might cause confusion if it's enabled in one place but disabled in the other. abqnm Some third party launchers have their own independent system that doesn't rely on the Play Store setting. But Google and a few third party launchers respect that option. I guess the only thing that's really new here is that it would be an option in the settings for the Google launchers. bekifft Would be nice if they'd implement app shortcuts. Cody Toombs That's already there, but it only works on Android 7.1 and above. bekifft Well that's weird cause I have a Nexus 6P running latest software, all I get are "edit" and "remove". Pan Szym True destinyhud then u r not using google now launcher bekifft No that's true, I'm using Nova, but on literally all sides of the Google app icon are icons with working app shortcuts, some of them are even Google apps. Keep, Chrome, Phone, etc. Cody Toombs Oh, you meant you want the Google app to have app shortcuts. I thought you were asking for the Google launcher to support them (since plenty of people are still confused by how that works). So my question is... What shortcuts do you think it's supposed to have? I can't think of very many things I'd want to have in the app, short of possibly a quick way to reach Settings. bekifft Reminders is the big one for me. If they'd just add that it would be good. Lion5 I have Android 6x on my Galaxy Note 5 and with Nova, App shortcuts seem to work with quite a few apps. Most are the basic edit, remove, etc, but some like Google's apps offer more shortcuts. Corbin Davenport https://www.xkcd.com/1807/ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/1c17825b6718df9d297920ec3e00d49b4e23d8b0b0cbeafb8b0cc1a792522cc1.png Tom Hardy Managing director of Yahoo!, is suggesting folks to learn "Work at home" practice, that Internet marketers have been doing for about twelve months now. This year alone, I generated about $36k until now with no more than my personal pc as well as some extra time, although i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even most people newbie in this, actually make $50/per h easily and the profit can go even higher as time passes... This is how i started >> http://deliciousurl.com//2z XgudwilX runnin 6.16.27.21.arm64 & not seeing this Drunk Squirrel Did you even read the article? The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Grey Will it be able to change my background every eight hours without using Muzei?? Alessandro I thought Google Now Launcher was removed from the available google apps package that OEMs can include to ship with and therefore was discontinued. Wasn't GNL supposed to be removed from the playstore soon? JV Detmer Why not just random spoken words set earlier by the user. With Home? john dave This is new version of the software , let see how well it works. StephaniePeterson11 > ......................... http://deliciousurl.com//39 Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 214 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 90 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Strikethrough Text] WhatsApp Adds Quick Reply From The Notification, Multiple Contact Selection, Solid Wallpaper Colors, And Finally Dumps A Gingerbread Remnant 2016/03/30 1:00am PDTMar 30, 2016 71 2 Years Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Latest Gmail Update Brings Unified Inbox, Conversation View For Non-Gmail Accounts, Better Search, And More 2015/03/30 1:30pm PDTMar 30, 2015 15 3 Years Ago Today Music Boss For Pebble Can Now Control Playback And Volume On Chromecast Content From Your Smartwatch 2014/03/30 12:47pm PDTMar 30, 2014 42 4 Years Ago Today The Ultimate List Of Easter App And Game Sales On The Play Store [Continuously Updated] 2013/03/30 12:31pm PDTMar 30, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Google Launches Translator Toolkit, Makes It Easier To Bridge The Language Gap In Your Apps 2012/03/30 11:37pm PDTMar 30, 2012 18 6 Years Ago Today N64oid, Nintendo 64 Emulator For Android, Was Not Taken Down - It's On Hiatus Pending Performance Improvements 2011/03/30 11:39pm PDTMar 30, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Updated: Verizon Finally Starts Upgrading All Motorola Droid Users to Android 2.1 Today, Pinky Swears This Time 2010/03/30 8:10pm PDTMar 30, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 48 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 65 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 102 queries | 0.988s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. For Google, the AI Talent Race Leads Straight to Canada subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 9 hours So, what has Devin Nunes been up to? Here's a brief timeline of his odd surveillance claims bit.ly/2ogffJG Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: David Ramos/Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Cade Metz. Cade Metz Business Date of Publication: 03.30.17. 03.30.17 Time of Publication: 4:30 pm. 4:30 pm For Google, the AI Talent Race Leads Straight to Canada David Ramos/Getty Images America’s biggest tech companies are remaking the internet through artificial intelligence. And more than ever, these companies are looking north to Canada for the ideas that will advance AI itself. This morning, Google announced it’s starting an AI lab in Toronto. At the same time, it’s helping to fund a public-private partnership with the University of Toronto to develop and commercialize AI talent and ideas. In November, the company made a similar move in Montreal—a city that has also attracted Microsoft’s attention. Related Stories Cade Metz Google Opens Montreal AI Lab to Snag Scarce Global Talent Cade Metz The Battle for Top AI Talent Only Gets Tougher From Here Cade Metz Google, Facebook, and Microsoft Are Remaking Themselves Around AI The Canadian connection is hardly coincidental: Universities in Toronto and Montreal have played a big role in the rise of deep learning, a collection of AI techniques that allows machines to learn tasks by analyzing large amounts of data. As deep learning remakes the likes of Google and Microsoft, Canada has become a hotbed for new talent. Geoff Hinton, one of the founding fathers of the deep learning movement and a professor at the University of Toronto, has worked for Google since 2012 and will run its new Toronto lab. Hinton says that this is partly a way for him to spend more of his time in the city. The lab will stay small and focus on basic research, he says. At the same time, it will enable Google to maintain a grip on the AI talent coming out of Toronto—a strategic move with deep learning experts among the most prized talent in tech world. “There will be new researchers,” Hinton says. Meanwhile, Google is investing $5 million in the Vector Institute, a brand new AI research lab backed by the Ontario government, the Canadian federal government, and as many as thirty other companies. Hinton will serve as a primary advisor. Also based in Toronto, the lab is an effort to bridge the gap between university research and companies like Google. “We want to support more research,” says Jordan Jacobs, co-founder of an AI company called Layer 6 and a former media and technology lawyer who helped create the new lab. “But also help commercialize—help companies that need to hire.” All told, government and corporate players have invested some $180 million in the lab altogether. It’s clearly a sign that Canada is serious about cultivating its status as an AI hotbed, even as some in the Trump administration downplay its importance. “We’ve re-established Toronto’s preeminence as the center of deep learning,” he says (though universities in Britain, France, Switzerland, and other parts of Europe have also played a big part in advancing this movement). Either way Canada is indeed a feast of AI research, and the big American companies want to make sure they have a seat at the table. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Artificial Intelligence Silicon Valley Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Wanna Protect Your Online Privacy? Open a Tab and Make Some Noise Privacy Wanna Protect Your Online Privacy? Open a Tab and Make Some Noise Emily Dreyfuss If You Want a VPN to Protect Your Privacy, Start Here Security If You Want a VPN to Protect Your Privacy, Start Here Lily Hay Newman The World’s Biggest Porn Site Goes All-In on Encryption encryption The World’s Biggest Porn Site Goes All-In on Encryption Brian Barrett Valerian’s Biggest PR Problem: It Did Everything First Movies Valerian’s Biggest PR Problem: It Did Everything First Adam Rogers For Google, the AI Talent Race Leads Straight to Canada Artificial Intelligence For Google, the AI Talent Race Leads Straight to Canada Cade Metz A Silicon Valley Lawmaker’s $1 Trillion Plan to Save Trump Country Basic Income A Silicon Valley Lawmaker’s $1 Trillion Plan to Save Trump Country Issie Lapowsky Inside the Hunt for Russia’s Most Notorious Hacker Security Inside the Hunt for Russia’s Most Notorious Hacker Garrett M. Graff Yes, Spider-Man Can Jump 6 Meters Onto a Moving Ferry. Physics Says So physics Yes, Spider-Man Can Jump 6 Meters Onto a Moving Ferry. Physics Says So Rhett Allain More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business Basic Income A Silicon Valley Lawmaker’s $1 Trillion Plan to Save Trump Country Issie Lapowsky Privacy Big Cable’s Case for Selling Your Data Doesn’t Hold Up Klint Finley media Journalism Fights for Survival in the Post-Truth Era Bitcoin A Plan to Save Blockchain Democracy From Bitcoin’s Civil War Cade Metz Retail Amazon’s Time-Saving Trick for Groceries: You Drive to Us Davey Alba physics Yes, Spider-Man Can Jump 6 Meters Onto a Moving Ferry. Physics Says So Rhett Allain We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 9 hours So, what has Devin Nunes been up to? Here's a brief timeline of his odd surveillance claims bit.ly/2ogffJG Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 9 hours So, what has Devin Nunes been up to? Here's a brief timeline of his odd surveillance claims bit.ly/2ogffJG Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Long gap in fire inspections at site of deadly Oakland blaze DA: Man practiced medicine without a license at Tenderloin clinic Supervisor Cohen takes offense at ad for new Bayview apartments Car and cable car collide near Union Square in SF News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Fukushima 4-year-old missing in Japan thyroid-cancer records 12 killed in Philippine troops' clash with communist rebels South Africa's president fires respected finance minister Oakland officials: Candle ignited fire that killed 4 Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Giants’ Bruce Bochy draws out suspense on No. 5 starter A’s reliever Santiago Casilla will ‘never forget’ Giants Cueto, Manaea sharp, Giants blank A’s Federer makes semis, Wozniacki reaches Miami Open final Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Believer literary magazine moving from SF to Las Vegas A tech border wall? Trump administration says no Criminal charges come up as Google, Uber spar over Waymo lawsuit Twitter adds replies, Facebook subtracts Oculus founder A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘Zookeeper’s Wife’ — World War II from inside Warsaw Zoo The latest from Dear Abby After strong beginning, ‘Boss Baby’ needs a time-out ‘Ghost in the Shell’ a serious look at a future tech Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Hello Kitty Truck returns to Japantown for 2017 Cherry Blossom Outerlands gives voice to its seaside neighborhood The Giants expand food options at AT&T Park Two Sisters Bar to close in Hayes Valley Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis The horribly petty reasons Redditors broke up with people Fewer families get their school of choice in SFUSD lottery Cat disappears in NorCal, turns up in Canada 4 years later Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Rick Steves: What’s new in Germany, Vienna and Prague 2-wheeled quest to spot elusive kiwi goes south Defunct British phone boxes answering a new call Suite Spot: Swingin’ at the Riviera Palm Springs Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Elegant Oakland 4-bedroom with bay views Zillow predicts 2017 price decreases in these SF neighborhoods Glass elevator adds flair to $7.3-million Victorian overhaul on Walk-through: New infrastructure, amenities await at expanded Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Latest Impreza debuts Subaru’s Global Platform Architecture Chevy Caprice is a tribute to family history Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Make a job fair work for you Finding a good mentor is one of the best career strategies Should you take a counteroffer? Small talk has a big impact on your career Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Google-Uber-spar-over-Waymo-lawsuit-11039794.php Criminal charges come up as Google, Uber spar over Waymo lawsuit By Daisuke Wakabayashi and Mike Isaac Updated 4:44 pm, Thursday, March 30, 2017 Photo: RAMIN RAHIMIAN, NYT Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Anthony Levandowski, a former Google engineer who now works at Uber, is at the center of a lawsuit between his past and current employers. Anthony Levandowski, a former Google engineer who now works at Uber, is at the center of a lawsuit between his past and current employers. Photo: RAMIN RAHIMIAN, NYT Criminal charges come up as Google, Uber spar over Waymo lawsuit 1 / 1 Back to Gallery An Uber executive accused of stealing driverless car technology from his former employers at Google is exercising his Fifth Amendment right to avoid self-incrimination, according to his lawyers. The lawyers for Anthony Levandowski, the former head of Google’s self-driving car project who is now leading a similar effort at Uber, said he was broadly asserting his Fifth Amendment rights because there is “potential for criminal action” in the case, according to court transcripts released Thursday. The legal maneuver adds even more intrigue to the high-profile fight between two of the technology industry’s largest companies, which are squaring off in the race to put driverless cars on the road. TOP BUSINESS VIDEOS: Story continues below | Business news first: Sign in for newsletters Levandowski is at the center of the lawsuit between Uber and Waymo, which was spun out from Google to become its own Alphabet subsidiary. Waymo has accused Levandowski of stealing documents and poaching employees before quitting Google and then colluding with Uber to use that technology to advance driverless car efforts at the ride-hailing service. Shortly after leaving Google, Levandowski started his own self-driving truck startup, Otto. Six months after Otto was formed, Uber acquired the company for $680 million. Waymo filed a motion seeking a temporary injunction this month to stop Uber’s driverless-car development. In the transcript of a private hearing before Judge William Alsup in U.S. District Court in San Francisco, Levandowski’s lawyers said he was invoking his Fifth Amendment right to avoid incrimination in turning over documents relevant to the case. Uber’s lawyers said they have made clear to Levandowski that he needs to release any documents relevant to the case as part of discovery. Angela Padilla, Uber’s associate general counsel, said in a statement that the company plans to publicly lay out its case on April 7. “We are very confident that Waymo’s claims against Uber are baseless and that Anthony Levandowski has not used any files from Google in his work with Otto or Uber,” she said. One of Levandowski’s lawyers said the Uber executive’s position on invoking the Fifth Amendment may change as they examine the case. That is not the only turn the case has taken recently. Several months before filing a lawsuit against Uber, Google demanded arbitration against Levandowski, claiming that he used confidential salary information while trying to poach former colleagues for his new venture. Google’s previously undisclosed legal action against him came out in a motion filed by Uber’s lawyers Wednesday. Uber wants to settle the lawsuit in arbitration, arguing that Waymo’s claims stem from Levandowski’s time at Google and are covered by an arbitration clause in his employment contract. Arbitration is usually less expensive and proceeds faster than a federal lawsuit. It is not argued in front of a jury, and arbitration hearings are not part of the public record. In Wednesday’s motion, Uber said that Waymo filed two arbitration demands against Levandowski in October saying that he breached the confidentiality agreement in his employment contract with Google when he used confidential salary information to make “targeted offers to Waymo’s employees” to aid Uber and Otto. Similarly, he used that information to induce “Waymo employees to join a competing driverless-car enterprise,” according to court documents. The documents do not mention if the arbitration was settled. Waymo said Wednesday evening that it intended to oppose Uber’s motion. Uber said it would move forward with its request for arbitration on the dispute with Waymo this week. “The broad arbitration provisions in Levandowski’s employment contracts require that disputes with anyone arising out of or related to Levandowski’s employment must be arbitrated,” wrote Arturo Gonzalez, Uber’s layer. Uber is also asking an arbitrator to declare that Waymo’s accusations that Uber misappropriated trade secrets and competed unfairly are meritless. While Uber wants to arbitrate Waymo’s claims that Uber is using trade secrets and competed unfairly, the ride-hailing service said Waymo’s claims of patent infringement should move ahead in federal court. Daisuke Wakabayashi and Mike Isaac are New York Times writers. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY Flynn wants immunity in exchange for testifying Trump administration goes to SF court to appeal travel ban block Newsom shreds Pence over vote to block Planned Parenthood money Why Pence never being alone with a woman is a problem Republicans take aim at California's retirement dream VISIONARY OF THE YEAR Priscilla Chan wins 2017 Visionary of the Year award Philanthropy earned Priscilla Chan Visionary of the Year nom Priscilla Chan touts Teach for America at fundraiser LATEST NEWS Thrift Town shoppers arrive too late for one last bargain 20 percent of millennials openly identify as LGBTQ Arrest made in SF stray-bullet killing of woman, 65 Beating in Tenderloin leaves man battling for life DA: Man practiced medicine without license at SF clinic Car and cable car collide near Union Square in SF Study: Spike in pedestrian deaths in US; Calif. No. 1 Man stabbed in random attack near GG Park in SF Candle flame blamed as cause of West Oakland fire that killed 4 Gap in inspections of Oakland fire site appears to violate law Long before fire, Oakland halfway house was hive of trouble These SF areas will see prices drop soon, says Zillow These Calif. cities have the highest home prices in the US Take a tour of the city: Best stops along SF's 49 Mile Drive What NOT to do in San Francisco Talbot: SF's bitter real estate war is killing off the elderly Talbot: We need to support homeless solutions TODAY'S TOP PICKS The horribly petty reasons Redditors broke up with people 21 reasons why April will be the best month for TV Startup is packing SF's empty luxury rentals with Millennials Most Popular 1 Vice President Pence's unwillingness to be alone with a woman... 2 These San Francisco neighborhoods will see price drops soon,... 3 Michael Flynn in talks with Congress, wary of prosecution 4 Arrest made in SF stray-bullet killing of woman, 65 5 The Giants expand food options at AT&T Park 6 Republicans take aim at California's retirement dream 7 Man stabbed in random attack near Golden Gate Park in SF 8 Startup is quietly packing SF's empty luxury rentals with... 9 Newsom shreds Pence over vote to block Planned Parenthood money 10 20 percent of millennials openly identify as LGBTQ THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe to Businessweek Due for a shake-up. Photographer: Kevin Balluff/Getty Images Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Tech Only Advertisers Can Fix the Digital Ad Industry Leonid Bershidsky is a Bloomberg View columnist. He was the founding editor of the Russian business daily Vedomosti and founded the opinion website Slon.ru. Read More. @Bershidsky March 30, 2017 1:58 PM EDT a | A By Leonid Bershidsky In the old analog days, a newspaper or a magazine knew what it was running and where. Mix-ups still happened; 16 years ago, an airline boycotted a paper I edited because its ad had run next to a story about that same airline's pilots flying under the influence. Today, the massive digital platforms filled with user-generated content don't even know what's out there, let alone whether it should be paired with specific ad campaigns. Trying to control the content would be prohibitively expensive. That, of course, is the root of the problem with online advertising, and why it's unlikely to be solved by the companies that led the industry to this sorry state of affairs. But advertisers can start leveling the playing field by making specific demands of the tech giants. Google's continuing problems with an advertiser boycott of YouTube should spark the beginning of a major shakeup of the digital ad market. If Google, Facebook, Twitter and Snap are smart, they will act preemptively and start proving to clients that what they're selling is legit. Unfortunately, Google's first response, offered as it's threatened with hundreds of millions of dollars in losses, was inadequate. While promising stronger content censorship and better tools for advertisers to control their campaigns could represent a partial solution, maybe, it's hardly enough to overcome the fact that Google and other platforms have little idea who actually sees them and in what context. Everybody in the industry understands that, but the platforms won't admit it officially. The UK website Digiday has a running series on "confessions" from digital marketing insiders -- a good source of frank and cynical, though anonymous, descriptions of a deeply dysfunctional business. One particularly snarky piece contains an interview with a long-time ad tech developer who calls a lot of online advertising a "con." If the user deletes the cookies tracking their behavior -- something that can be done with a couple of clicks -- the platforms lose all the targeting data they sell at a premium. Even worse, there are extremely sophisticated and lucrative schemes to roll ads so that nobody sees them, such as opening an invisible window in the background of which the user isn't even aware.  And then there are the industry standards for ad viewability. These standards are adopted by the Interactive Advertising Bureau, an organization funded by "more than 650 leading media and technology companies" -- that is, firms that sell, not buy, ads. So no wonder IAB's guidelines for digital video ads, for example, consider an ad "viewed" the moment it begins to play in a user's browser -- that is, about two seconds before a user curses and closes it. In the rare cases where an ad turns out to be precisely targeted, it can be disturbing. That can reduce the ad's effectiveness, especially when the advertiser involved doesn't enjoy a high level of audience trust. In a world dominated by Google, Facebook and programmatic advertising exchanges that anonymize the ad selling process -- which, in the pre-digital era, was intensely personal -- advertisers have gotten accustomed to pouring money into a black box. There, they've been told, smart algorithms work hard-to-pinpoint magic to connect the advertisers with customers. Facebook and Google don't allow external auditing of ad campaigns; they provide their own data. That's mostly fine for an advertising manager inside a large corporation, but it can be traumatic for a small or medium business that suddenly discovers that the fans who "like" its page are fake.  Big advertisers were complacent about online ads' problems for a long time. It took an investigation by The Times of London, which showed ads were running alongside inflammatory content, to spur companies such as Verizon, Starbucks or Wal-Mart into action. If they really want to fix the problem, they'll put a few items on the table.  The first one is to allow outside auditing. Transparency was at the heart of the digital advertising offering, the reason why the digital industry has been beating traditional media in the race for ad dollars. Companies should be able to prove to the client that their targeting works, and that requires outsiders to scrutinize the data. The second one is to rewrite the viewability standards to reflect actual human consumption. A video ad has not been seen if it only played for a second or two.  Thirdly, platforms should take the time and effort to craft more specific offerings for advertisers, the way old-school newspapers and magazines did. It's not enough to allow a client to exclude specific channels from a package -- the package YouTube sells to a specific advertiser should include a set of appropriate, well-annotated, demonstrably effective channels. Only if the advertiser wants broader access, the platform should be able to place ads the way it does now, with no guarantees. Unless the industry drastically increases its transparency, it will be eaten by three monsters that are already gnawing away at it: the randomness of ad placement that can lead to boycotts such as the one threatening YouTube; fraud, which, according to a recent study, reaches 20 percent of the market volume now; and ad blocking software, which, according to eMarketer, a third of U.S. internet users will resort to this year. Technological disruption is exciting, but it should lead to improvements on the status quo, not just to upheavals. Advertising spending is growing faster than the global economy: It increased 5.7 percent last year while global economic output went up 3.1 percent, and it's expected to overtake economic growth again in 2017. To advertisers, this means diminishing returns on their spending. To change that, they shouldn't be in awe of the high-tech firms that have seized a large share of the advertising pie. Instead, they should demand their money's worth more insistently. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Leonid Bershidsky at lbershidsky@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Mike Nizza at mnizza3@bloomberg.net Facebook Twitter Email PrintComments Leonid Bershidsky is a Bloomberg View columnist. He was the founding editor of the Russian business daily Vedomosti and founded the opinion website Slon.ru. Read more @Bershidsky Most Popular Eli Lake Devin Nunes and the Tragedy of the Russia Inquiry Megan McArdle How Utah Keeps the American Dream Alive Timothy L. O'Brien Senators, Please Ask Jared Kushner About 666 Fifth Avenue Francis Wilkinson The Costs of Southern Gun Culture Daniel Shapiro All Signals Point Once Again to War in Gaza Mihir Sharma Modi's Alarming Power Grab Justin Fox The Dumpster Fire Hasn't Been Put Out Quite Yet View Contributors Mark Gilbert Adam Minter Eli Lake Justin Fox ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Terms of ServicePrivacy Policy
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 #1360, 13 Mar 17 #1359, 06 Mar 17 #1358, 27 Feb 17 #1357, 20 Feb 17 #1356, 13 Feb 17 #1355, 06 Feb 17 #1354, 30 Jan 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Squarespace ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist DEVONthink 2.9.11/DEVONnote 2.9.11 Safari 10.1 Security Update 2017-001 (Yosemite, El Capitan) EagleFiler 1.7.5 GraphicConverter 10.4 HoudahGeo 5.1.8 PopChar X 7.7 Default Folder X 5.1.4 iTunes 12.6 ClamXav 2.12.1     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Media Creation | 29 Mar 2017 | Print  | Comment (1) Photo Editing as One with Luminar by Jeff Carlson Back when most photographers used Adobe Photoshop to edit their images, many developers created plug-ins or stand-alone applications to focus on specific tasks. For example, Nik Software’s Silver Efex Pro plug-in specialized in creating black-and-white images, as did Macphun’s Tonality application. Whether you wanted more control over removing digital noise or applying lots of pre-made effects, there was a separate tool (often purchased separately or as a bundle) for you. Recently, though, photo editing is shifting back to all-in-one tools. Google purchased Nik Software and has been working its technology into Snapseed and Google Photos (though the Nik tools are still available for free; see “Google Gives Away Its Nik Collection Photo-editing Apps,” 31 March 2016). And Macphun has released a new application, Luminar, that takes the technologies from its solo applications and combines them into one master tool. (Tonality and the other utilities remain for sale separately or bundled as Creative Kit.) Luminar is a bold bet intended to compete against Photoshop — still the biggest gorilla in the jungle for professionals and enthusiasts — while also beckoning those who haven’t yet moved on from Apple’s long-discontinued Aperture. Luminar is also trying to appeal to casual photographers who want more image editing capabilities than Apple’s Photos. Plus, with its $69 price, Luminar hopes to appeal to the folks who don’t want to pay Adobe’s monthly or yearly subscription fee to use Photoshop. Before we get into the details, though, indulge me in one quick declaration about its core capabilities: Luminar is more than capable as an image editor — it has all the adjustment controls for manipulating tone and color that you’d expect. Trying to cover them all in this article would bore us both. In my testing, none of Luminar’s edits were inconsistent with what you’d see when editing in other applications. The tools are all there; it’s what you do with them that makes a difference. If you want to compare features with Aperture, Lightroom, and Creative Kit, Macphun has created a handy chart. What’s most interesting about Luminar is its approach to juggling all of those tools. Like other Macphun applications, Luminar prominently features presets for one-click editing. And for the individual tools, Luminar refers to everything as “filters” that exist in “workspaces.” Other editing applications also use that terminology, but Luminar’s execution sets it apart. First, a disclaimer: In early 2016 I wrote a short guide for Macphun about its Aurora HDR application, which the company still gives away as part of purchasing bundles. I also contract with Adobe to produce tutorials and other educational materials. Presets -- I tend to gloss over or outright ignore presets, probably because of how I learned to edit photos in other applications. I prefer digging into the adjustment controls to nudge a photo’s appearance so it’s closer to what I remember seeing when I captured it, rather than applying a preset that dramatically shifts the look of the image. Some of Luminar’s 60 presets help with the kind of nudging I like. Image Enhancer, for instance, acts as a general make-better button, while Sky Enhancer and Detailed address specific goals or fixes (pulling drama out of bland upper areas and sharpening soft images, respectively). However, it’s increasingly common for photographers to want to apply stylized looks to photos. I often see Instagram photographers who have developed a signature look for all of their shots. The idea isn’t necessarily to reflect what was captured, but instead to evoke a mood, like adding a tinge of earth tones to every shot. Each of Luminar’s preset displays a preview of your image with the effect applied, so you get a sense of how it will affect the photo before you make a choice. Applying a Luminar preset saves a lot of time adjusting the same settings for each image. The app’s six categories of presets — Basic, Street, Outdoor, Portrait, Travel, and Dramatic — are fine starting points, but it’s better to create your own based on your editing preferences. It’s easy to make new presets, share them with other Luminar users, and install presets others have created. Editing with Filters -- One of the things I like about Luminar is that it’s relentlessly non-destructive. When editing photos, you don’t want to actually change the pixels in the original image, something older software did and many of Photoshop’s legacy controls still do. Non-destructive editing not only makes it easy to revert to the original and start over, but also change different aspects of what you’ve edited to that point. For example, if you increase the color temperature and then later increase the saturation, the photo could end up too warm. You can go back and lower the color temperature to balance the warmth while maintaining the saturated colors you want. Luminar enables this flexibility by making nearly every adjustment a filter, from basic controls such as Tone to specialized ones like Adjustable Gradient, which manipulates several types of edits — exposure, contrast, vibrancy, and warmth — in the top and bottom areas of the frame. To use a particular editing effect, add a filter; the interface even explains what each effect does. You can also read more detail about each filter in Macphun’s documentation. This approach isn’t unique; Lightroom has editing panels whose adjustments can be turned on and off, and Photos includes more adjustments than most people realize because they’re not initially visible in the Adjustments panel. Luminar takes the concept further by making almost everything a filter. That leads to some interesting options. You can duplicate each filter, enabling you to stack multiple instances of an effect, or perhaps colorize two instances of the same effect with different hues. Filters can also have their own blend modes, something typically available only to layers. A blend mode applies the filter’s effect to a certain range of colors or tones. For example, the Multiply blend mode removes white from the scene, darkening it dramatically without having to adjust the exposure. One feature I miss is an easy Auto option for calculating the best adjustments to make a photo look good. This isn’t due to laziness on my part (though that’s sometimes true) but is because I’m curious about how the software thinks an image should look. In Lightroom, I often click the Auto button in the Basic adjustments panel to establish a starting point for my editing. Sometimes the software overexposes a shot compared to what I’d prefer. I’ll then adjust the settings to my liking, or choose Edit > Undo and manually start from scratch. The closest workaround in Luminar is to choose a preset such as Image Enhancer and work your way up from there. To the app’s credit, the Tone filter also includes a Smart Tone slider that performs some of these tasks. Perhaps I just need to retrain myself, but I’d find it helpful to have an Auto button on the Tone filter, or on any filter, for that matter. Tools and Layers -- In addition to the filters, Luminar includes a handful of tools that perform specific actions. The Clone & Stamp tool, the Erase tool (which is like Photoshop’s content-aware technology), and the Denoise tool all operate like stand-alone modules, taking over the screen and presenting controls for just those actions. When you finish making the edit, such as removing an object from a scene using the Erase tool, Luminar adds that edit as a new layer — yet another instance of non-destructive respect for the original image. As with layers in other applications, you can use layers in Luminar to build up effects, isolate edits to specific areas, and more. When a new layer is created, by a tool or by manually adding one, all of Luminar’s filters are available to it. For example, suppose you want to brighten just one area of a photo instead of the entire image. One way to do that would be to create a new adjustment layer (which affects the appearance of the layers below it), and add a filter such as Tone or Exposure. Next, you’d use the Radial Mask tool to drag an oval over the area you wish to highlight and click Invert so the adjustment is applying to the area within the circle. You could then add other filters to change the appearance. Luminar supports the Touch Bar on the 2016 MacBook Pro. When using the Clone & Stamp tool, for instance, there’s a handy brush size slider in the Touch Bar, which is far more convenient than taking a mouse trip to the options bar and changing the size there. (You can also press the bracket keys to make the brush size larger or smaller, a faster method and a standard convention among many similar applications, but that’s not obvious to new users.) However, the size slider is not present when using the Brush Mask tool, which would be equally helpful, so it looks as though Touch Bar support isn’t yet complete. Workspaces -- The final piece of Luminar’s editing experience is its Workspaces feature, which takes advantage of the modularity of filters to create collections of filters that you use regularly or in specific situations. Not every photo needs every filter; if you’re working on a black-and-white image, why clutter the interface with Hue and Saturation controls? Luminar offers workspaces for four common photo types, each of which includes filters you’d use for such an image: B & W, Landscape, Portrait, and Street. You can also set up Workspaces for convenience, such as by putting your preferred controls at the top of the Filters panel to reduce unnecessary scrolling. Lightroom Plug-in and Photos Extension -- It’s worth calling out the fact that Luminar does not attempt to manage your photo library. I normally wouldn’t even bring that up, since Luminar is an editing application, but Macphun has said that a future update will add library management, too. If you’re accustomed to managing, opening, and editing photos in Lightroom or Photos, it feels almost archaic to edit image files in another app. In the meantime, Luminar includes a plug-in that lets you use Lightroom’s Edit In command to send a copy of an image to the Luminar application. When you finish, the edited version shows up in your Lightroom library. If you instead use Photos to manage your photo collection, you can take advantage of Luminar’s editing tools using a Photos extension. That loads Luminar inside the Photos interface and offers the same controls you’d find in the stand-alone application. When you save your changes, the extension applies the edits to the image in the Photos library. Note that when you’re using either the Luminar plug-in for Lightroom or the Luminar editing extension in Photos, you can’t go back in and adjust your settings later. Both options create a final edited version of the photo. In Lightroom, the copy sits alongside the original in a stack (Lightroom’s method of grouping photos). In Photos, you can revert to the original and start over if you don’t like the result, or you can edit on top of the edited version. Compare that to opening photos from the Finder and editing them directly in the Luminar application. In that situation, you can save the results as Luminar files that can optionally retain their edit history. You get more editing flexibility, but if you use Lightroom or Photos to manage your photos, you need to track those Luminar files (with an .lmnr filename extension) separately. When Macphun delivers the update that adds image management (which so far isn’t pegged to a date, but is just a promise), you will, in theory, be able to go back and access the entire edit history for any photo in your library. That’s how Lightroom works now if you use its built-in editing tools. All in One and One for All -- For pure convenience, having all the editing tools you want close at hand is better than reaching into every corner of your workshop to get them. Too often, when companies try to build all-in-one tools, the result is either lackluster or overcrowded. Luminar strikes that delicate balance of including most everything you want in a photo editor without being overwhelming. It’s a powerful app that can also be picked up pretty easily by photographers looking for more than Photos offers without committing too (and paying for) the full capabilities of Photoshop. Check out the Take Control ebooks that expand on the topic in this article: Take Control of Your Digital Photos on a Mac Manage your burgeoning digital photo collection with ease, using time-tested tips and a custom workflow developed by digital photography expert Jeff Carlson. You'll learn how best to import photos, judge them, apply keywords and other metadata, set up smart albums, and protect your irreplaceable images whether you use Photos, Lightroom, or Photoshop Elements!   TextExpander: Communicate smarter. Accuracy and consistency wherever you type. Insert “snippets” of text from a repository of boilerplate, emails and other text. Seamless sharing between you and your team on Mac, Windows, and iOS <http://smle.us/newte-tb>   Comments about Photo Editing as One with Luminar To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Luminar is a new application from Macphun that combines technologies the company has developed in stand-alone applications into one photo editing environment. Is it good enough to stand up to Adobe Photoshop, Lightroom, or Apple’s Photos? Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Kevin La Rue  2017-03-30 20:14 Hi Jeff - Kevin from Macphun here. Hats off for a great review of Luminar that serves your readers well. Your insights into using presets as starting points, plus explaining the flexibility of filters/layers and workspaces were spot on. I also loved the idea of stacking multiple instances of the same filter - good insight that I often forget about! The "Auto button" is a feature I've also recommended and am advocating for w/ the dev team - nice suggestion! One thing I'd add which I think is super-unique and really flexible is the idea of using Filter Masking within a single layer. In other words, any filter you want to apply to an image can be selectively applied with a brush/mask, without creating additional layers. Opens up a world of possibilities! Cheers! Reply  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Jeff Carlson TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Find a Product Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Bug delays Android Wear 2.0 yet again 'Rock Band VR' is the dorkiest game ever and I love it A week with Fujifilm's GFX 50S medium-format mirrorless camera Latest in Gear Now Twitch streamers can choose both 1080p and 60fps 4h ago View Get your internet off-contract with Comcast's prepaid Xfinity service 6h ago View The Wirecutter's best deals: A Sony 55-inch XBR 4K TV drops to $1,290 10h ago View Oculus co-founder Palmer Luckey leaves Facebook 10h ago View Image credit: save Save share The Wirecutter's best deals: A Sony 55-inch XBR 4K TV drops to $1,290 Other deals include a $60 bonus with a GoPro Hero5 Black and big savings on a DJI Phantom 3 drone. The Wirecutter 10h ago in Gadgetry Comments 246 Shares Share Tweet Share Save This post was done in partnership with The Wirecutter, a buyer's guide to the best technology. When readers choose to buy The Wirecutter's independently chosen editorial picks, they may earn affiliate commissions that support their work. Read their continuously updated list of deals here. You may have already seen Engadget posting reviews from our friends at The Wirecutter. Now, from time to time, we'll also be publishing their recommended deals on some of their top picks. Read on, and strike while the iron is hot -- some of these sales could expire mighty soon. Sony XBR X930D 55-Inch 4K TV Street price: $1,500; MSRP: $2,200; Deal price: $1,290 While we've seen the Sony XBR X930D around this price before, this is still the best price we've seen. It's a nice $200 drop below the normal street price of $1500, and beats the previous low by an extra $10 bucks. The last sale on this TV lasted several weeks, so it's unlikely that this deal will disappear over night. The Sony XBR55X930D is our runner-up pick in our guide to the best TV. Chris Heinonen writes, "If the Vizio P65-C1 is unavailable, if you need a 55-inch TV instead of a 65-inch one, or if you like the idea of integrated apps, get the Sony XBR X930D. This model uses an edge-lit backlight that isn't as great as the Vizio set's full array, but it is better than the rest of the competition and capable of producing bright HDR highlights. Running Android TV, the X930D gives you Google Cast support as well as integrated apps plus voice control from Google." GoPro Hero5 Black + $60 Gift Card Street price: $460; MSRP: $460; Deal price: $400 Since the GoPro Hero5 Black is relatively new, we haven't seen many decent sales on it. While this is still full price for the Hero5 Black, it does come with a free $60 Target gift card (ships separately), more or less matching the best deal we've seen so far, which was the same deal with a $60 Amazon gift card. REDcard members can save an additional 5 percent. Shipping is free. The GoPro Hero5 Black is our top pick in our guide to the best action cameras. Ben Keough wrote, "The Hero5 Black builds on the success of its predecessor (and our previous pick), the Hero4 Silver, with new features that significantly enhance its usability. The built-in waterproofing is the most important addition, since it means you can shoot anywhere, anytime, without fiddling with a case. But owners will also appreciate the camera's intuitive touchscreen interface, image stabilization, and voice control. And it's a relative bargain, too: Despite the expanded feature set, the new flagship GoPro costs $100 less than the old Hero4 Black." Wemo Mini Smart Plug Street price: $60; MSRP: $70; Deal price: $51 with code SPRINGTECH when you buy two This is a nice deal on the Belkin Wemo Mini when you buy two and apply coupon code SPRINGTECH. Once you've added 2 to your cart and apply the coupon code, the price will drop to $51, or just over $25 each. The lowest we've seen these smart plugs previously is $30 each. The $51 total will secure you free shipping. The Belkin Wemo Mini Smart Plug is our pending pick in our best smart switch guide. Grant Clauser writes, "The Belkin Wemo mini, the successor to our previous favorite smart plug-in switch, is smaller than the original Wemo, making it less bulky on your wall. It works with Both Amazon Alexa and Google Home voice platforms, and you can incorporate it into IFTTT recipes with other devices. Works with both iOS and Android smart phones and tablets." Refurbished DJI Phantom 3 Professional Street price: $900 (new); MSRP: $1,300 (new); Deal price: $550 This is a new low for a refurbished model of our former top pick drone. While the Phantom 3 Pro recently lost its top spot to the DJI Mavic in our best drones guide, it's still a great deal at this price. Since this refurbished drone comes from the DJI official store on with the standard DJI warranty of 12-months for the central board and remote controller, and 6-months for the parts. The DJI Phantom 3 Professional is our former top pick in our guide to the best drones guide. Mike Perlman wrote, "Our top pick combines easy flying, long range, great image quality, three-axis stabilization, and great fail-safe features. In addition to being easy to fly, the Phantom 3 Professional offers a 4K-capable camera with a low-distortion, wide-angle lens, an upgraded three-axis gimbal for effective image stabilization, and a standout wireless range that gives you the ability to see both real-time flight stats and a first-person view of what you're shooting from up to 3.1 miles away, using a smartphone mounted to your radio controller. It also has preprogrammed flight controls with modes tailored to both beginners and advanced pilots, good battery life (23 minutes rated; 16 to 18 minutes of actual flight time while shooting in our testing), the ability to fly autonomously via Follow Me and Waypoints settings, and a fail-safe setting that prompts the drone to return to its launch site or current pilot location automatically if it loses connection with the radio transmitter." Because great deals don't just happen on Thursdays, sign up for our daily deals email and we'll send you the best deals we find every weekday. Also, deals change all the time, and some of these may have expired. To see an updated list of current deals, please go to The Wirecutter.com. In this article: av, cameras, deals, DJI, gadgetry, gadgets, gear, GoPro, Hero5Black, home, partner, Phantom3, robots, Sony, syndicated, thewirecutter, Wemo, XBRX930D 246 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 1h 1h ago in Internet The Overwatch World Cup is back for 2017 Every country will need help from its top players just to qualify. By R. Lawler,  1h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Space SpaceX recovers Falcon 9's nose cone for the first time The company landed more than just the rocket's booster. By M. Moon,  3h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Services Now Twitch streamers can choose both 1080p and 60fps New quality settings mean even more choices for viewers. By A. Dalton,  4h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Green Scientists search 3 million publications to unlock sea change secret They did it quickly thanks to the new research tools they created. By D. Lumb,  6h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Internet Get your internet off-contract with Comcast's prepaid Xfinity service You can renew your service for anywhere from a week to a month at a time. By A. Tarantola,  6h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Video Podcasts Deals Find a Product Contribute Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 78 Share on Facebook 57 Share on Twitter Total Shares154 Galaxy S8 News Phone Reviews Videos The Galaxy S6 was, by all accounts, a truly transformational moment for Samsung's industrial design. After years of building plastic phones constantly lambasted for their "cheapness," Samsung made radical changes in an attempt to completely redefine its smartphone brand. Those changes were generally well received, but it always felt like they stopped short: the software was still slow, bloated, and the battery life surprisingly poor. With the Note5 and S6 edge+ we saw significant refinement of that reinvention "moment," but not until the S7 and S7 edge did Samsung really build the concept I think they set out to with those first metal and glass sandwiches. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are Samsung's attempt to show us that they can do more than just iterate on that "Eureka" moment they had in 2015, even if those iterations have generally been quite good. And after the Note7 disaster last year, they really need to make good on that promise. After spending some time with the phones last week, I'm still on the fence as to whether Samsung has truly succeeded - but I think the pieces for success are there. Even if I don't think they're all terribly obvious, and even if the phones don't take any real big risks. The hardware Take what you loved about the Galaxy S7 edge and Note7, then just imagine it all being better. More refined, more coherent, more polished. As to that final point: literally. The Galaxy S8 siblings now feature polished aluminum mid-frames, as opposed to the matte anodized finish of years past. In particular - at least in my opinion - this looks good on the Midnight Black version of the phone, which features a shiny black mid-frame to match. The whole phone visually sort of looks like a deep black stone - it's a very interesting and striking effect Samsung has achieved here. As you'd expect of Samsung, the attention to detail is impeccable. The glass meets the aluminum in a very natural, near-seamless way, and the various body colors all have a distinct character. The front of the phones, however, do not: unlike years past, all colors of the Galaxy S8 and S8+ will feature black surrounds on the display side of the phone, to accentuate Samsung's "infinity display" and its minimal bezel. I absolutely agree with this design decision, because it brings the canvas - the screen - out as the sole focal point of the front of the device. You're drawn to the screen, and everything surrounding it just sort of falls away. Samsung has been paying attention to the little stuff, too. Everything from the design of the camera module (it now has more of stylized "lens" effect) to the smooth USB-C cutout seems carefully considered and manufactured with precision. The phones scream quality, and I am continually impressed by Samsung's ability to iterate in this area. Samsung clearly spends a lot of time and energy on its design and manufacturing processes, and it shows. Perhaps most notably, these phones mark the end of one of the last vestigial elements of the Galaxy brand: capacitive navigation keys and the physical home button. It really makes the S8 and S8+ the cleanest-looking handsets Samsung's ever produced. Above the display sit the standard array of sensors, including a new 8MP front-facing camera with software-simulated autofocus (we'll see how that goes) and the iris scanner array. Out back, Samsung says the 12MP rear camera is basically unchanged physically from last year's, with most optimizations happening on the photo processing side. I'm certainly curious to see how photos compare to last year's phones, then. You still get IP68 waterproofing, and 64GB of storage is now standard (with microSD expansion available). Samsung has retained the headphone jack, but made the switch to USB-C it began with the Note7 last year. Wireless charging is intact, too. As to the deceptively giant displays, at 5.8 and 6.2", respectively, the phones are considerably taller this year. But they're also narrowed, meaning they're easier to get a grip on, and they really aren't especially heavy or unwieldy. Ceding so much of what was previously bezel space to the expanded display seems an obvious choice in retrospect, but to me it definitely necessitated the end of the capacitive keys, otherwise all that extra height tends to feel a bit wasted. Speaking of those keys. The software To answer your first and greatest question: Yes, you can switch the order of the navigation keys. You can either have them in Samsung (read: wrong) order, or change them to the standard Android layout of back, home, and recent apps (left to right). Samsung also lets you customize the color of the navigation bar background, which is nice. Sure, the iconography is nowhere near stock, but I couldn't really give a damn what the buttons look like as long as they do what I expect them to. And no, Bixby is not mapped to long-pressing the home key: that's 100% Google Assistant. (Bixby's functional overlap with Assistant is actually quite minimal - for now.) The latest version of I-Can't-Believe-It's-Not-TouchWiz is based on Android 7.0 (not 7.1, sigh) and feels basically similar to what we had on the Note7 and now have on the Galaxy S7 phones. "Grace UX" is the easiest on the eyes TouchWiz has ever been, and while there are still a bunch of old features in there I hardly think warrant the real estate in the settings app, Samsung continues to provide its own useful additions. I didn't spend much time with the software in-depth, as I really didn't have time. And Samsung's Bixby assistant was only demoed to us in a controlled, scripted test environment, which is useless from an evaluation perspective. I can give you the overview, though: it's basically Google Goggles meets Google Now meets voice-powered accessibility controls. It's definitely an interesting mesh of features, though Samsung's hardest push seems to be around the idea that people will want to use their voice to control things like their screen brightness, toggling the hotspot, picking a camera mode or filter, and generally controlling their device. I am, to put it bluntly, unconvinced anyone will use this. But maybe it'll win me over when our review units come in and I actually have a chance to put it to the test. But, if you were worried that Bixby was an attempt to subvert Google Assistant and replace it: please, don't be. Not yet, at least. Google Assistant and Bixby happily coexist on the Galaxy S8, and are frankly rather different products. Oh, and this is kind of interesting, I guess: Samsung has also implemented the fingerprint scanner gesture to bring down the notification bar. It's off by default, I think, but it's there. Like the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge after their respective Nougat updates, the S8 and S8+ don't actually display in their native, physical resolutions by default (they're set to full HD mode). I remain very divided on this choice: while I know the vast majority of people who own these phones will never, ever notice and reap considerable battery life returns as a result, why put in these more expensive ultra-high-res panels in the first place? Samsung's answer, of course, relies heavily on VR, because you need that Quad HD display mode to provide a good VR experience. But I don't think anyone, even Samsung, has actually produced compelling evidence that consumers care about VR (apart from the companies making VR products). I guess it comes down to the question of how much more a Quad HD panel of this type would cost to produce than a 1080p version. If it's not a big difference, then I guess I get where Samsung is coming from. One feature I found quite interesting is the new home button wake gesture. Simply press your finger on the home button that is shown in the always-on display mode for a moment, and the screen will wake, indicated by a light burst of haptic feedback. While obviously you won't get far if you have a fingerprint scanner lock set, you might be more likely to use Samsung's iris scan or face unlock features (the latter is new to the S8). Given rumors that Samsung intended to place the fingerprint scanner inside the display itself with the S8 but failed to achieve the necessary yields, I have to wonder if this is the compromise they've settled on: pushing customers away from the ubiquitous fingerprint scanner, for now, until their more impressive technology is ready for primetime. As for me, I probably wouldn't use the home button wake regardless - the fingerprint scanner is simply my preferred mode of authentication. The reader is definitely a bit of a reach on these phones, though, and even with my relatively long fingers I found the S8+ would definitely take some getting used to in terms of default hand positioning. Samsung's iris scanner tech is fast and very accurate, but I'm not always looking at my phone when I unlock it. Performance on the phones is not something I feel comfortable expressing any definitive opinion on at this time. They felt fine - not crazy fast, not particularly slow - but given the notoriety Samsung's phones have achieved for slowing down over time, my experience in a controlled demo environment is simply not going to be helpful in assessing these things. It's probably better for me to end that discussion here and save the extended thoughts for our review. I obviously can't judge battery life yet, but Samsung shared an interesting figure with me: the new batteries in the Galaxy S8 and S8+ feature much better cycle longevity than the ones in last year's phones. Whereas after a year of typical charge and discharge cycles last year's Galaxy S7 and S7 edge would see around 20% of their effective capacity lost, Samsung says that figure is more like 5% of capacity lost over a year on the S8 and S8+. That's definitely encouraging. Final thoughts The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are big, beautiful phones. The larger displays are absolutely great, and the switch to virtual navigation keys is long overdue. I'm sure they'll have great cameras, and I expect battery life will probably be largely comparable to last year's phones (i.e., good). TouchWiz is, as far as user experience goes, the best it's ever been. That may not be saying much for some of you, but I generally find Samsung's UI modifications at the very least aesthetically palatable nowadays, and some of the added features are genuinely useful. A switch to 64GB of storage as standard is absolutely welcome and, I think, should be the bar to meet for any flagship phone in 2017. Bixby, despite the fears of many (myself included), doesn't really seem meant to displace Google Assistant or search on your phone. The Snapdragon 835 version of the S8 and S8+ we'll get here in the US packs a lot of new and potent technology, too - it's not just faster than the 820 and 821, it's more efficient and more capable. What am I not loving yet? Launching with Android 7.0 feels oh so typical Samsung: they can preach all they want about how they test their software endlessly in order to ensure updates are smooth and low on bugs, but I just can't shake the feeling that Samsung really has no intention of changing its approach to Android platform updates. Performance is going to be a big question, too (and it's one Samsung seems uninterested in discussing). I won't even be able to conclusively come to an answer in our review, simply due to the amount of time we'll have to use the phones before publishing. That'll take weeks and months of additional testing. Finally, there's a lot of uncertainty remaining around the value proposition these phones will offer, and without pricing, that's hard to comment on just yet. There's also a lingering feeling that the S8 and S8+ feel iterative in terms of actual user experience versus being showcases for advancements in industrial design and engineering. Samsung itself seems very eager to present the reduced bezel and larger displays as the raison d'etre for the Galaxy S8. But it's hard to tell if beauty is more than skin deep with these phones. Why is the screen curved? Because it's pretty (fragile, and the edge UI experience sucks). Why is the aluminum frame now polished? Because it's pretty (and will get scratched). Why aren't the batteries any bigger? Because thin phones are pretty (even though everyone wants bigger batteries). These are thoughts that I've had a harder time shaking than I expected. There's no doubt the Galaxy S8 and S8+ are exceptional achievements from the standpoint of design and phone-building knowhow, but I think I can distill my feelings about them down to this: I'm really unsure why I'd want one of these that much more than a Galaxy S7 edge or, if it still existed, a Note7. If there's some major improvement to performance I missed, maybe that could be it, but on most other fronts - aside from the switch to virtual nav keys - I'm left scratching my head a bit. But, maybe that's just a result of not having enough time with them. Hopefully, we'll be reviewing these phones soon enough, as I'm eager to get a deeper sense of the changes Samsung's made and how they translate into a real-world product experience. Tags galaxy 8 galaxy s8 galaxy s8 hands on galaxy s8 review s8 S8 Plus video subscribe ... Previous Story The Galaxy S8's new battery will degrade less quickly than the Galaxy S7's ... Next Story A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Bedirhan SAVAS Cool phone except the finger print sensor Toss3 Looks like decent phones, but not enough of an upgrade to switch from the s7/s7e. As for android 7.1 it really doesn't matter as samsung usually incorporates a lot of the new features long before they are available on newer android versions. Eagerly looking forward to the Note 8 though (4K screen for VR is going to be a much needed upgrade). Taylor Vaughn I freelance online, performing basic jobs which simply requires from you a laptop or computer as well as internet accessibility and it is a life-saver for me personally... After 6 months on this job opportunity and i gained so far total of 36,000 dollars... Basicly i make about eighty bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hour most of the days.And marvelous thing about this job is that you can easily manage time while you work and for how long as you like and you get paid weekly >> http://v15.uk/xbRHM MJ I agree 4K is much needed for VR but I would question 4K or VR on a phone. LOL Toss3 Why? Works much better on phones as they aren't tethered to anything. Personally only use it for watching movies on planes or in bed when the gf is sleeping. MJ That is your only use cases? It's more useless than I thought. I watch movies on my big screen TV on my sweet couch when the GF is sleeping. No heavy BDSM head gear needed. Toss3 Pretty much. Never liked watching movies on a TV as TVs are always really small (unless you buy one of those 40k ones that are 100"<). I had a projector (with a 120" screen), but I sold it when I moved to another country, and because I don't watch TV that often a "big-screen" TV just doesn't feel that useful. I also like being thoroughly engrossed in the movies I watch without any distractions and only the Gear VR has offered me anything like that thus far. It's also the first private movie-theater that you can take with you wherever you go. The low resolution is the only thing that could be improved (and the straps of course). MJ Sure if it works for you but I don't like things strapped to my head and face. It must be a pain to unstrap when need a drink, snack, or take a piss. Toss3 You either lift the device (similar to ski goggles or snorkel) or you use the built-in pass-through mode. And there's really no need to unstrap anything when going for a piss. MJ I didn't mean literally unstrap but none of that sounds convenient or practical at all. LOL It must be me... MJ Samsung has made a product I would almost consider buying by cleaning up the UX, going with on-screen buttons, better aspect ratio, and minimizing the edge gimmick (next just get rid of it) while keeping the headphone jack and wireless charging BUT... The placement of the fingerprint is just horrible. David, you went on how Samsung pays attention to the details but they just randomly place the fingerprint reader? OK... They still make me wary of getting timely OS updates. Android 7.0? Really? I like to see if they follow up on their promise of monthly security updates on their unlocked phones. Cristian-Teodor TATOIU My S7 Edge, unlocked, Romania, received Nougat but still on freaking January security update! How bout dat? MJ That sucks but didn't they just make that promise a couple of weeks ago? Cristian-Teodor TATOIU They made that promise months ago but with the new top dog in tow... They'll make good on S8, no doubt, for the first 6-7 months. Then, they'll have the S9 to keep them busy. And so on, and so on... Really, really, really want/need timely security updates? Pixel or whatever Google brings out is the way to go. Not freaking out cause of some security vulnerabilities going unpatched for months? Samsung is an option then... They'll update, sooner or... Jordan L my friend, who is kind of paranoid about security, loves the Galaxy series of phones(probably because they look great). From a data security prospective; do you think Pixel or Galaxy is "more secure". He's worried less about hacks on old versions of the OS, he's worried about his cloud data. I vote for Pixel because you are only logging in with your Google account, and not also logging into your phone with a "Samsung" account. to use features. yes, Google tracks everything you do, but they are a US based company. Samsung is not, ... just a thought. I would THINK he would HATE the fact that he logs into his phone with Samsung account too. (you do have to use a Samsung account to fully use a Galaxy phone, right?) Justin You don't have to log in to Samsung's account to use the phone, but you lose out on things like Samsung Pay if you don't. EcE You don't need a Samsung account unless you want Samsung Pay, themes ( and their crapstore) or VR. Even then, they are two different accounts and AFAIK you don't need to share any private information to the Samsung account unless you use Samsung Pay. Vivek Rameses A non us company is much safer and private. Muh americans love garbage made in the US. dabug91 The Pixel would be the superior choice, as they will get monthly security updates through October 2019 at least. Max Johnson Battery size is concerning, but maybe that's something to do with precaution with the fire issue. Lawrence Fail!: It is way too tall, fingerprint sensor on the back, small battery, new bixie assistant with dedicated button, same old camera. Win. 64gb storage, looks cool. Biga173rd So what's a win in your book that can compare to this new phone? Zsolt V The same phone with a fruity fruit logo Biga173rd Ehhhh lno lol Lawrence Thanks for asking : the S7 and S7 edge... Better battery/size ratio same camera, same ram. Front fingerprint, and they can be hold by humans. Biga173rd Good point I personally will wait for the Note 8. Toss3 Agreed on the fingerprint sensor, but it does have face-unlock which should be a useful alternative (it is on Win 10 devices). I seriously don't understand why these companies are forcing AI assistans on us? Do people really use them? AI is useful, but not for phones. Camera is already good enough; use pro mode and it's amazing. Really can't expect better in a phone right now unless you start increasing the sensor size. EcE " this looks good on the Midnight Black version of the phone, which features a shiny black mid-frame to match" Glad to see the black phone is black on the sides, that chrome version looks horrible. Marcel Mayer hä? the device will show on 5pm? why you publish the article? PhillipeFelut so, whats the actual resolution of the display itself? DeathWolfGaming They are set to 1080p to save battery life. PhillipeFelut 2960x1440 is the number i was looking for. Jesse Lee Samsung is really receptive to their markets; a completely opposite direction from years past and from that being employed by Google Inc. The results are phones that continue to get better and better and more practical. Looks great! Timbets Linux 4.4 kernel Ishimaru I'm surprised. Even Google is still on 3.x. ProductFRED I'm not jumping to sell my S7 Edge Exynos just yet. Gotmilo waiting for the note 8 JD It's a damn solid phone. I wouldn't jump unless I pooped money and was having a bad case of the runs. Winston I'm upgrading from my flat S7 to the small S8. Why? Battery has deteriorated, and Samsung usually does really lucrative trade in deals with older phones, of which I still have an S4. John New smartphone releases are beginning to be as exciting as new dishwasher releases. That's a good thing as it means we can hold on to our phones for longer, smaller manufacturers can catch up to the big boys, and there will be more price competition rather than feature competition. Samsung seems to realize this which is why they're making a big push to differentiate on software. We would benefit from more alternatives to Google's software. I'm just skeptical that Samsung is capable. BC Um, why no images of the Dialer App's interface? It's something that I always want to know but never can readily find. David Ruddock Because I had an hour with the phones total and that wasn't really on my priority list. Sorry. BC It's cool, I'm just a weirdo that likes to know what all the interfaces I'll be interacting with regularly look within OEM apps. Cakefish Just look up the S7 Nougat update UI. I am pretty sure it'll be very similar to that, the rest of the S8's UI is. BC Not good enough for me, though I'll likely preorder the device...I'll be able to see it firsthand this way. Cakefish Check out the bajillion youtube hands-on videos, I'm sure one of them has what you're looking for :) BC I can only hope, though I have a feeling nobody will even care about the Dialer App. Cakefish Found one for ya! Look at 2:12 in the video: https://youtu.be/sZvp4L52QzQ BC Thank you! I had begun the scanning of videos to catch a hint of that app interface. Phone_Addiction Time to ditch my ip7 plus for the gs8+ brararsh Thinking of same. Adil Tajgeer i'm in the same boat but with the regular S8, it seems to be a great blend of big screen in a small package. but will just keep my iphone around. I NEED ALL THE SHINY THINGS. Biga173rd Wow!! that is one gorgeous phone. The build quality is incredible damn Sammy knocked it out of the park. And that metal frame... Nuno G. "You can either have them in Samsung (read: wrong)" Although it's not the standard order for Android, for me it's the natural order, specially for right handed persons!!! When I hold the phone, I hold normally with my right hand, so my thumb finger is the finger that is most near the screen on the right side of it. so it's normal for me to have the back button cause that's the one that I use more.. Miku is Best Vocaloid "Right handed persons" all have different preferences, I am right handed and I use the back button on the left. Middlefinger Im a lefty and Samsungs is still the better positioning. Google just have it wrong but the fanbois on here would never disagree with their Google god. JD Gotta say it wasn't until the S7e that I started to look at Samsung and that Samsung actually got me excited about Android Hardware again. I used to be a Nexus Diehard and when Google and other OEMs just all made glass rectangles, some with really bad software decisions I just gave up. But the S7e was something interesting. The S8 is a really lovely piece of Industrial engineering, like what the OG iPhone and iPhone 4 did to the industry when everyone was doing more of the same. jonzey231 I love that they continue to include wireless charging. iKon It's not even wireless... False advertising more like. jonzey231 Kay. Sharky I've been on Nexus for 5 years but I'm going to give this a go. The bezel-less screen makes it look like something genuinely new, I really wish the Pixel had looked this. I'm still skeptical about Samsung's UI skin but the move to virtual (& customizable!) buttons alleviates that a bit. Hopefully this will encourage Google to step up their efforts with the next Pixel, but it's going to take a big jump from last year's model to get me back. Jay The skin has not been a concern since s7. The whole look can be altered with one click via the theme store. I use one that makes it either look like native android or a jet black theme, that's so enjoyable on these amoled screens. Daniel Tiberius I'm looking forward to playing around with those themes. Middlefinger *S6. Sharky Admittedly the skin does looks quite nice now, I certainly hope I'm converted now I've shelled out $850 on this thing. Kevin Chaos I'm using the S7 and I really want the S8... but I'm going to force myself to wait and at least see what Apple has to offer with their next iPhone. That or Google needs to fix the Android messaging clusterfuck they've created. I've been using Android phones since the Nexus One but iPhones have come a long way and iMessage is starting to look really good. Toss3 Not sure why anyone with an S7/S7E would feel the urge to upgrade. Why not use something like Telegram, Whatsapp, etc. instead of SMS? Kevin Chaos I have a problem with wanting new toys constantly, haha. I think I've gotten a new phone every 6 months. Almost everyone I know uses SMS here. I am also using Google Voice myself. I just don't have enough friends who use those apps. At least that's my case in the United States. Toss3 I used to be like that, but now that Android has matured and caught up with the iPhone in terms of smoothness, I really don't feel the urge to upgrade as often as I used to. Only thing I want right now is an HDR 4K screen for the Note 8 and I'll be happy. Adil Tajgeer iMessage has kept my pixel and OP3 in a drawer for most of their time with me. but the S8 is so pretty i will probably bite the bullet and face the shame of the green bubble. fijisiv Why is the screen curved? Because it's pretty... Why is the aluminum frame now polished? Because it's pretty... Why aren't the batteries any bigger? Because thin phones are pretty... While most AP readers probably do a LOT of research before buying a phone, I'd wager a huge majority of phone purchases are done by people who walk into the store and say "oh that one looks pretty." Toss3 Thankfully we still have the Note-series that should cater to a different audience (hopefully). Adnoxaei It's beautiful, but I'll be skipping it it :/ The fingerprint scanned is just in a terrible spot for my normal usage. I hope one of those scanner techs that can go through the screen can get implimented in the next couple generations. Winston It was reportedly very close to being in the S8, but they couldn't quite get something good enough for it to be signed off. So, Note 8? Adnoxaei The note line got the iris scanner, so it is possible. I already think the S8 is a bit big (really, just too tall), so maybe it can be in the S9 and I'll get it then. At least my bank account will be happuer this year haha. Rann Xeroxx Once you use a scanner on the back of the phone, it actually turns out to be better as that is where your fingers typically are when holding the device. The only problem I can see is if you have it on a table or something and want to use the scanner. (I never do this as I rarely will leave my phone on a table). Miguel Fernandes How can it be better with that limitation? Jan Ibrahim Because in most circumstances for a lot of people , you unlock as you remove from your pocket. This is a lot easier with it on the back. Furthermore, it also means you can achieve a nice clean look on the front of the phone. But no solution is perfect, because the downside is desk use. But i find on the odd occasion I'm using my phone on my desk then pattern lock is fine. But I'd rather have on the back with that limitation than the other way around. Look how ugly the fingerprint scanners look on the front of some of the HTC and oneplus phones for example. John My problem with the S8 is not that the scanner is on the back, which is fine, but that it's all the way up next to the camera. Below the camera would have made more sense. iKon It's only good on the back, if it's in the middle like Huawei devices. Samsung has the worst position out of everyone. My name is…. Google needs to take lessons on how to make pretty phones. Who's gonna prefer a pixel to this? Crazy fanboys only. saf1927 People who actually want a phone. No flat display, no good. My name is…. Pixel was a joke of a phone, i cant believe that Google gave that thing iphone price, so ridiculous. Im sure S8 will be better in every aspect. asian_slaw if you are solely hating on the phone because of the price, you definitely dont understand or have experienced the pixel to it's full potential My name is…. I had a pixel on my hands. i also was an owner of all Nexus phones (after Nexus 4) I would never buy a pixel. There are better phones out there that are better. saf1927 Yes, after coming out half a year later, it doesn't take that much to get a better phone out. By the way, the iPhone 7 will still outperform the S8. it’s me tim-cock. Dude calm your tits. This phone puts the garbage looking iphone and pixel to shame. Your move crapple. saf1927 Come again when Samsung actually puts out a phone that is better than an iPhone in all aspects. A high-res display is nothing to flash your ass out for. Lars Jeppesen Yeah, much better display, more ram, better waterproofness, more freedom (default app anyone? ), wireless charging, fast charging, iris scanner, much higher screen-to-phone ratio, SD card support, bluetooth 5, wifi direct, VR, better assistant (Google Assistant/Bixby),, OH YEAH_, the iPhone sure is better... /s saf1927 >much better display Doesn't make a difference since the iPhone has one of the best and most accurate displays in the market. > more ram Well, with the bloat you get from it, I think it's a plus that it has the RAM to cope with it. >better waterproofness Not a deal-breaker >more freedom Nothing to do with Samsung, it's general Android feature. > fast charging / wireless charging I'll give you the first, the second is a gimmick and not really "wireless". >iris scanner A gimmick you can live without > SD card support Not needed since you can't install apps on it. > bluetooth 5 Nice, but the phone is coming out in 2017, least they could do. > better assistant Google Assistant, yes. Bixby is yet to prove itself. Now, when Samsung and Qualcomm can match the A10 performance, let's talk. Rann Xeroxx Why on Earth would you pay the absurd price for the Pixel compared to a phone like this? Heck, the Pixel is ugly to boot. And purely from an enterprise standpoint, it has real problems with MDM and ActiveSync configurations to where Samsung goes out of their way to make sure it works perfectly on corporate solutions. saf1927 I actually have an iPhone 7 too, which of course is better than anything Samsung puts out. Looks are subjective. I hate edge displays, so this phone is as ugly as it gets. someone755 Agreed, keep it flat so I can put a normal screen protector on it. JohnyNoLegs Can't even do that on the pixel. These days are over someone755 Then I simply won't buy a phone like that, and I advise anyone that sympathizes with my hate of curved screens to do the same. Vote with your wallet. New_Guy Somebody just dropped some world-class knowledge. Kudos Felix ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ "the Pixel is ugly" - ever heard looks are subjective? I really like the design of the Google Pixel. More than the edge display on the Galaxy phones. h4rr4r Good you can fix the keys! Can you change the settings menu to be normal? Winston Nope, from my time with the S7. And I imagine that will soon be the new normal. Android O DP already has a similar design. So it will soon become normal. h4rr4r Please google, stop moving shit around for the sake of moving shit around. Winston You are the one moving shit around. I don't know what the hell the incentive is for lying, but I have a Galaxy S7. I have a Fast Charger. I have tried both turning the fast charger off in software, AND using a different cable. They both kept my phone cool while charging when using it, and with fast charging on it would heat up. h4rr4r I did not decide to move the buttons around at random or change the settings to some touchwiz crap. I have no idea what you are talking about with the charger. I said nothing about fast chargers. Of course fast chargers make the phone hotter. How do you think this all works? Winston It's not "considerable battery gains". They're actually fairly small: within 10-15 mins SOT in my experience. Samsung itself said, moving from the 5.7 1080p of the Note 3 to the 1440p of the 4, that the power usage delta was 3.5%. That's in hardware. Imagine how little the change is in software. lsh99 The build and design of this phone is exactly what I've been waiting for: premium finishes with a huge screen-to-body ratio. That said, I'm waiting for the Note 8. Cristian-Teodor TATOIU Pricing, for Europe - 799EUR for S8, 899EUR for S8+. These should translate 1:1 to USD + taxes, for US. Of course, unlocked. Turb0wned The question is, if I ordered the US unlocked version from Best Buy, will Samsung screw me out of updates like they did with the unlocked S7E? Trysta After a major Samsung phone reveal, I usually spend the first couple days trying to rationalize how I could buy it even though touchwiz scares me, because the hardware is just so lust-worthy. But this time...not so much. It looks very fancy obviously, and I love the increased screen to body ratio (hopefully all other OEMs....*cough* Google *cough* are paying attention!). But I thought the Note 7, with the extra subtle curves was really the maximum amount of screen curve I was willing to deal with. The curve of the S8/S8+ seems to be going back towards obnoxious taking over 20% of the screen with glare again. Wish they had kept the curved edges the way they were on the Note 7. Batteries are too small, although I understand why they wanted to be careful this year. After my Nexus 6p disappointment, battery life is basically my number one feature for my next phone. And the fingerprint sensor placement is just awful, for seemingly no other reason than to be different from everyone else who has a back fingerprint sensor. I don't want to use iris scanning or face detection. Fingerprint sensors work really well for turning on my phone quickly. This is a major feature of all current flagships. Why did they think this was something that was ok to experiment with/mess up? But in the end, just like every year, I was never going to buy this phone anyway. I hope that it is a great phone for Samsung fans (I'm sure it will be). Shame-sung C.E.O Absolutely horrible looking phone.that it lacks innovation and nothing but gimmicky features. Dominic D ok it’s me tim-cock. As if anyone expect anything diffraction from you. Shame-sung C.E.O Why would anyone expect anything positive from a CORRUPT, thief company? Middlefinger Doesnt do thieving Apple or LG much harm though, or HTC with their new iPhone rip-offs. Shame-sung C.E.O You are mistaken the Corrupt Swinesung Machine that has been sued by. Apple,Dyson,BlackBerry,Microsoft,LG,TSMC And countless other manufactures for stealing. Hmm you sound like those Swinesung guys that were getting paid to Shill and got caught. You can only wish that Apple and LG and anyone else was as horrible as corrupt company as Swinesung. But unlike you i stand by Facts, go ahead and get upset. Not going to change history. : ) Middlefinger Selectively sued in countries with crap IP laws where you can patent anything vague and sue for it even if you never actually made the thing yourself. They failed to sue in countries with reasonable laws. Samsung also counter sued and won, so whatever... Shame-sung C.E.O That's a beautiful excuse. But not a good one. Funny how Swinesung has lost multiple times and agrees to settle after it has uses stolen designs and software and technology. Swingeing has lost all across the world from its home country to the the US. This is the problem with the fanboy mentality. They make poor excuses but everything is online. Swinesung has convicted 2 times of corruption in south korea alone. From Racketeering, Tax Evasion. Fraud and Embezzlement and countless other charges. Also they have the highest return in TV's in the industry with defects. Heck in the S7 and S6,5,4 have all suffered from low quality screens and having image retention issues (again all the information is online if you search) to burn in issues and lets not forget the exploding issues because they choose quantity over quality. Shamesung will always be just that. A low quality company who cares about numbers then quality. Middlefinger You're just a troll, yuor username proves that all by itself. Most of the thing Samsung have been sued for related directly to Android itself, so is Googles fault if anything, not anything they have done. You know this but just troll this site because you are a child with nothing better to do. Dont bother replying, your blocked as of now. Shame-sung C.E.O AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH Facts hurt and hurt so dam much . Man how pathetic. Jay Not sure how your kind of comments continue to survive on this site. Shame-sung C.E.O Because people are entitled to facts and opinions. Just because Swinesung is a horrible corrupt company does not mean bling ignorance does not exist. I mean i like Android and think its amazing and useful, And i feel the same way about Apple , Microsoft LG ect. But Swinesung... Naw i draw the line on the most corrupt company in the tech industry by Parsec's. Dominic D I just wish Samsung would update all their devices at the same time like Apple. Okay, maybe not all... but definitely their S series of devices. It's holding me back from purchasing a Samsung phone again. My AT&T S6 Edge was beautiful but didn't receive Marshmallow for a year. It was nearly unusable on Lollipop with barely an hour and a half of screen-on time. I love my 6P and I'm soon looking to upgrade, but I'm nervous about purchasing another Samsung device. Berkay Wait for the pixel 2 Ilya Kushnir Linux Kernel 4.4.16. This happened! Maha Rashtrian TAKE MY MONEY NOW! How much does it cost though? Mix If Samsung made a phone with stock Android, that had Google's updates I would be in love. My Pixel is nice but Samsung phones just feel nicer. JSo Remember Google Play Edition devices? Those were the days. Mix I do not! My first was Android was a Nexus 4 and I came from a BB Bold! Nexus 4, Nexus 5, Galaxy S6, Pixel Xl, Pixel Xl, Pixel Xl....(I am on my third Pixel, lol) JSo Well other OEMs used to make versions of there devices with stock android on it and they were sold in the Play Store. The Galaxy S4 was one of them. Jaime May I ask why? Were your phones faulty? Mix Mic died on the 1st Pixel and the 2nd one bricked and both were RMA'd through the play store for brand new devices. someone755 "The Pixel is totally worth it, it's a great investment." You alone are proof of the contrary. Mix Just pop on over to GooglePixel on Reddit. Some people are on their 5th phone...when it works it works but my experience? This is the worst Android phone I have ever owned! My 3rd one has been great though so fingers crossed I am done RMA'ing it. someone755 Exactly. There are so many apologists out there of this phone that keep saying that the phone is worth its price, that other phones are just as flawed etc. Meanwhile there are hundreds if not thousands of customers like you. VAVAMk_2 Why? Mix Mic died on the 1st Pixel and the 2nd one bricked and both were RMA'd through the play store for brand new devices. Support has been great but my phone experience has been terrible. 2kool4skool Agreed, google gets their software right but their hardware could use a lot of improvement. JohnyNoLegs Yea like messenger, allo, duo, hangouts. And pixel now has apps you can't uninstall. Google will be the next Samsung! 2kool4skool Well, should I say partly right, then? JohnyNoLegs Let's just say Samsung does it better than google recently, and that's saying something. Btw I'm on pixel xl coming from note 7. iKon Any phone looks better than the Pixels because #Bezels Bojan Radovanović well, that is true, but it's not a picture to stand in front of it and admire how it looks... Ra1nb0wD4sh DE On my pictures the bezels (aka frames) are mostly wanted though... Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ If Samsung made the phone with stock Android, nobody except a bunch of geeks would buy it. Consumers want the features Samsung adds to Android. Mix Would the average user and purchaser of Samsung phones even know they had stock Android device? Probably not. Samsung makes mach better hardware but their updates and support after the sale freaking suck. Took something like 8 months for my SG6 phone to get an update since Google gives it to Samsung to add shit, then Telus gets to add shit, then I get it. That type of update system is pure trash. theProffer It's the same group of people that can't tell the difference between the new iPhones. You know, the ones Jimmy Kimmel makes fun of once a year. Middlefinger Samsung have to fix Googles mess first, because lets face it, Stock android is a buggy unreliable mess. You cant blame the OEMs for wanting to wait until the software is viable before they risk putting it on their customers devices. Google doesn't care, that's why the Nexus didnt sell well, and the pixel has needed fix after fix after fix. whispy_snippet No. Middlefinger Yes, but Google shills dont like to hear it. whispy_snippet Still no! Middlefinger Denial is pretty powerful. Jay Nothing in the pixel has been so broken, that's its stopped from being a consistent daily driver with over 6.5 hours SOT and over a day of standby. Issues have been present yes, but so have been with any phone. My iPhone 7+ ended up getting replaced twice... once because the damn camera unit entirely died 2 days later and secondly when the screen stopped responding. Then iOS 10.2 decided to suffer from Wi-Fi issues and all sorts of weird documented bugs. Nothing is ever 'PERFECT' However since that does not fit your narrative, it's not a thing. Middlefinger Most pixe issues are software/driver related, and thats always been the way with Google devices, although the Nexus range also had terrible build quality as well. At least the Pixel is better on that front. The problem is stock android, which is why the OEMs need to modify it to be production worthy. Im sure you will make excuses, but thats the reality. LineOS for exynos! What Better quality? The besel king! This and the iPhone Middlefinger Like it or not the Pixel is a step up over the likes of the N5, which was terrible. There was a reason the older Nexus devices were cheap, and it had nothing to do with Google 'subsidising' them. whispy_snippet Well, no. Every average Joe consumer would buy it PLUS a heap of stock Android nerds. Average consumers don't have a freakin clue what TouchWiz or stock Android even are. Who gives a shit anyway. It's never going to happen. Middlefinger Oh god no. Bargain basement software that isnt reliable isnt what people want. Im sure even a stock S8 would have less issues than the trouble prone Nexus and Pixel phones, but even so, it would be commercial suicide for Samsung to rely on an unfiltered Google experience. someone755 It would net them a few thousand customers though. I know I'd be switching to a Samsung if they only made some AOSP-style software possible. Middlefinger Apple could probably sell more iPhones if they had an Android version, but it still doesnt mean it will happen. It would cheapen the Samsung brand to launch an AOSP version, and the only people that would care could just run a custom ROM anyway. someone755 Agreed on all but that last part -- That's why I'm not already a Samsung customer, as they make great efforts to prevent people from running custom ROMs. Middlefinger and yet suck ROM exist, so.. xyz It was called a Galaxy Nexus. JohnyNoLegs I prefer Samsung software. My pixel xl is barron, has nothing in comparison. Can't wait to sell and get the s8 gacl The Pure Google experience of Nexus + Pixel is nice, but Samsung hardware is nicer. A Google Play Edition Samsung would be better, but it's not that big a deal. TouchWiz is nice too. Cakefish The fact that I'm currently unemplyed will prevent me from giving in to my uncontrollable urges to always have the latest tech. S8 looks great. Switchable nav keys, 10nm processors, batteries that lose significantly less of their capacity over time. narrower dimensions for one-handed use, 64GB storage, and a Samsung equivalent to Google's HDR+ camera processing are my personal highlights. Cakefish P.S. for UK users you can get it on the 19th April if you preorder (8 days early). Also, UK pricing: S8 = £689.00, S8+ = £779.00 Middlefinger Yeah but will be cheap enough on contract which is how most people buy phones. Cakefish But I prefer to buy unlocked :( Lars Jeppesen Blame Brexit for that.. the phones are the same prices as the S7 for me here in Denmark Cakefish I do blame Brexit :( ddevito Nice phone, but no thanks. Perfectly comfy with my OP3. Then again I've never owned a Samsuck and never will james fuston jeeeesus the price point. S8 is anywhere from 720-750 and the S8+ is 850? We are getting dangerously close to breaking the 1K mark with standard configurations for phones. I can't justify paying twice the street price of an S7/S7E for one of these. This will be a hard pass for me. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ The LG G6 is $750 and the Pixel XL is $869, and those two phones look pitiful compared to the S8 and S8 Plus. What are you complaining about? Cakefish 21% (S8 vs S7) and 22% (S8+ vs S7 edge) price rises for UK (thanks Brexit) hkklife Pixel XL is the biggest rip-off on the market that's not made by Apple. Google was redefining the $/performance ratio back in 2012 and 2013 with the Nexus 4/5 and Nexus 7s. And then they got greedy and cozied back up to the carriers and went sky-high with their pricing. I'd love to see the BoM for HTC and Google on the Pixels. Gotta give Samsung credit for not jettisoning important features while truly redefining what a rectangular slab handset should be. I still think that the S8 line is one step from greatness---an unlocked model updated in a timely fashion with a 6/128GB RAM/storage variant for all markets and a 500mAh battery boost would make it a world-beater. David Williams I agree. The price point should not be surprising to anyone. james fuston The Pixel XL is $779. Not sure where you're pulling that extra $100 from. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ The 128 GB model is $869. There is no 64GB model. Regardless, the price differences aren't very big either way, and the Pixel XL doesn't hold a candle to the S8 Plus in terms of form OR function. james fuston Yeah, you're either entirely missing or intentionally glossing over the "standard configuration" part. Either way, I can tell you're all aboard the hype train for new technology by the amount of hyperbole you're spouting. Not sure why you felt like chiming in on my comment about the cost/value of the S8 vs the S7, but I think we're done here. Diego Kaku Why no one talks about the stupid position of the fingerprint scanner? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I hate the location of the fingerprint scanner on the S8/Plus. Absolutely despise it. But the rest of the phone is f'in amazing. And it's possible I'd end up using iris or facial recognition anyway. I'm not buying one, but that's only because I'm waiting for the Note 8. Fresh360 Well that was depressing, has all of those leaks left us jaded? What if there were no leaks and only whispers and then we saw a nearly bezel-less phone with a massive screen in a small body? I really think this preview would have had a very different tone. Suresh Aryal Nothing about speakers yet. GSMArena says it has stereo speakers. invinciblegod OH GOD MY OCD!! Those ports are not centered!!!!!!! Groud Frank Samsung Mobile is maturing as a tech company. It's no longer "Let's just copy Apple and cram features into our phones to compete with the iPhone." From Samsung Pass to Samsung Pay to Bixby to DeX, this is a beautiful phone with useful features. I can actually see this phone making my life easier, especially in the password management department. Less navigating, less touching, a focus on user experience and practicality - well done Samsung. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I think Samsung is going to break sales records with these phones. Max Gromada Well, they just "copied" those features: - google's HDR+, - the next iphone's screen proportions; - apple pay, - modern ai voice assistant (they've bought the company that had made the Siri), - apple's augmented reality tech - Nokia's / MS iris scanner. They're welcome to implement a feature-rich phone, but those innovations did not come from Samsung. Tech Writer -Combining multiple photos into one has been a thing much before google did it. Does anyone remember OPPO's 50MP super hi-def mode? Plus I'm sure the implementation is different than Pixel's HDR+. For example, this one works without HDR, and with HDR too. -Next iPhone's screen proportions? Dude, are you kidding me. Samsung is the one who is going to provide those screens to Apple. Plus, this phone is probably in development much before the iPhone. -Apple pay: No. Samsung pay uses MST, not NFC. It's a unique patented tech by looppay, which Samsung acquired. Apple can't even use it and hence Apple pay can't operate in legacy terminals. -modern ai voice assistant: Bixby is not a voice assistant. The phone has google assistant for that. Bixby is more of helper and tells you what is around you. It isn't meant to tell you a joke or search things, you have assistant for that. -apple's augmented reality tech: I really don't know what you are talking about. -Iris scanner: I'll give you that. Most of these are Samsung's own innovations, or acquisitions which are patented. Max Gromada Tech Writer, man, combining multiple photos into one has been a thing since the invention of photography ) It's just Google that made it ideal for the phones - combining multiple pics of several milliseconds of exposure into one is a brilliant idea, it greatly expands the dynamic range of small sensors, and i think every manufacturer should just copy that tecnique. Doesn't matter if they call it "hdr" or not. It improves dr, that's all we need. No, i'm not kidding - some time ago, Apple approached Koreans with the question if they could supply the screens of some specs - and voila - while Apple is still playing with the idea, figuring out if the screen should be curved or not, and how the f.. are they going to install the fingerprint scanner right into the screen... the Koreans just rolled out the phones of very similar screen proportions. I don't think this is just a coincidence. Call it a controversial bull..it ) The idea behind Apple pay was simply to pay by phone conveniently. Dunno, maybe Samsung's tech is better, but they were following Apple. I think augmented reality features are the next big thing for smartphones. Project Tango did not start well, but apple is working on it, samsung is working on it - NOT a coincidence. I don't argue with the point that Samsung is a great tech company. The point of my comment was that Samsung is still some way into "Let's copy Apple and cram features into our phones to compete with the iPhone." They definitely are set into direct competition with iphone, and at this moment, from my point of view, there are no features that apple would like to copy from samsung to compete with it. Middlefinger Quite a bit of salt in this article. Samsungs nav buttons are not in the 'wrong' order, Googles are. Argue all you like but the fact remains its subjective and not objective. Im glad Samsung doesnt use Googles staid UX. and you cant complain about Samsung not being as innovative in the software as they are in the hardware and simultaneously get snarky about them not using Googles way of doing things. Google hasnt innovated a damn thing since ICS so if they did make a stock S8 it would be worse, based on your own claim. dabug91 Actually, you're wrong. When you use just about any web browser on the planet, where is the back button located? Top Left. Same for when you use just about any file explorer: Top Left. Same for when you use iOS devices, where do they generally place the back button? Top Left. It makes perfect sense for the back button to be on the left side of the device, because that IS the ergonomically and aesthetically superior place for it. You're wrong, get over yourself. Middlefinger Use with a mouse is different than touch use, and 2 handed touch use is different than one. You are comparing completely different UI element, so your point is invalid. dabug91 Actually, people's thumbs can very easily reach the bottom left hand side of their device, so your distraction about UI's is invalid and you're still wrong. Kys. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I hold my phone in my left hand, and use it with my right hand. The position of the back button makes no difference to me, but I like it on the right. It's not an objective thing. Give up trying to make it so. Middlefinger Right is still better for the most often used function. Given the option most people I know have that set up. Google cant be trusted to know whats best in a UI. This is the company that gave us material design, an admittedly pretty interface that gives you hardly any information per page. Its cumbersome, and this is proven by the fact that they cant even keep it consistent in their own apps, because it just doesnt work properly. Max Gromada Regarding 2-handed touch use, find the "Esc" key on your keyboard ) But, imho, when you're doing it all with your thumb, it does not matter what side the "back" key is placed. I was comfortable with the both layouts. AbbyZFresh I'm sure that this new phone will be a hot commodity likurges I was about to make a joke about the bezzels but there are none.. unlike on the pixel where I have parked my airplane, built a house and a f1 track with some space left. SAM While improvements are welcomed, battery and camera didn't get much attention this year. Lets hope after everything other is taken care of this year, battery and camera will be next. I have a feeling that with what google achieved in pixel's camera, next iPhone(maybe) and pixel 2 will blow the shit out of competition. Max Gromada Actually, the camera is improverd in S8: there is a multi-exposure mode, aka pixel's HDR+, a very welcome feature. SAM I really wish this is the case. They didn't talk much about camera in live stream. Ace Time to buy gs7 _jsw_ Is that the new Gear 360 I see in the background? It's in the image of the S8+ on the stand. Max Gromada Yes, they've introduced the new Gear 360 someone755 That's all great and all, but these prices are getting ridiculous. r0xp0x Too bad even the regular sized one is a tad bit too big for me, and I don't like having a fingerprint scanner on the back of the phone, but it sure is gorgeous. whispy_snippet The headline feature is a big, bezzeless display. Meh. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yeah, never mind the 835, the two types of wireless charging, the Samsung Pay, the HDR screen, the... oh, never mind. You wouldn't care, anyway. whispy_snippet No. I don't. They're just iterations on stuff Samsung always offers. They bring very little to the table that wasn't already there. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Then buy a Pixel. You'll love its football field sized bezels, and the wonderful halos in its pictures. Yeah, I keep hearing that halos are rare. Another site just published a comparison of 22 pictures between the LG G6 and the Pixel. 4 of the 22 Pixel pictures had halos. None of the G6 pictures had halos. So it's not so rare, unless you think 18% of photos is rare. whispy_snippet I have a Pixel. I've experienced the halo effect maybe twice ever. I barely see it because you don't generally shoot straight into strong light sources because it results in crappy shots with any camera. The most important thing for me is user experience. What's the device like to use and own on a daily basis? The Pixel is exceptional in this metric. Great software, great ergonomics, great camera, regular updates, excellent performance. The S8 looks really beautiful, but I see UX compromises everywhere. The off centre, rear mounted fingerprint scanner next to the camera; the glass back; the curved edge display; two voice assistants (yes, they don't fully overlap but Samsung's end goal will be to bump Google Assistant). The S8 is just another new phone. Semianonymous Having voice control over the camera can actually be pretty useful. I have the speak to capture feature enabled on my S7 and it's enabled me to capture some tricky shots that might not have turned out as nicely if I had moved my hand to take the shot. If it's intelligent enough to do stuff like recognize the target and focus/zoom etc, then that could be potentially be really cool. Renan I'd wish Samsung would made a flat version of this... I find the Edge... edges useless. mchalakov Dear Samsung, Just because you think that a curved screen is really cool(it is but just for a presentation) doesn't mean that everybody will like it. Also who the fuck decided it's a good idea to put the fingerprint reader there? Best wishes and less explosions, Yours (some) part of the Internet PVL_93_RU To think that if Samsung didn't keep the archaic home and capacitive buttons for as long as they did - many more of their devices could look just as beautiful as S8 Teja The best thing I like about S8 is that they have made it without compromising on any of the features from their last generation despite having a big change in design. *cough* Headphone Jack *cough* Stadi I don't like the polished frame. Shiny metal has been out of fashion for some time. gacl I'm disappointed the S8 has no s-pen stylus support. It seems like Samsung deliberately withheld that to justify a separate Note8, but the Note line is basically the same as the Galaxy line. The S8+ is already a phablet. Just merge the two. Or at least let Galaxy users get s-pen support even if the device doesn't hold the pen internally. Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 214 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 90 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Strikethrough Text] WhatsApp Adds Quick Reply From The Notification, Multiple Contact Selection, Solid Wallpaper Colors, And Finally Dumps A Gingerbread Remnant 2016/03/30 1:00am PDTMar 30, 2016 71 2 Years Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Latest Gmail Update Brings Unified Inbox, Conversation View For Non-Gmail Accounts, Better Search, And More 2015/03/30 1:30pm PDTMar 30, 2015 15 3 Years Ago Today Music Boss For Pebble Can Now Control Playback And Volume On Chromecast Content From Your Smartwatch 2014/03/30 12:47pm PDTMar 30, 2014 42 4 Years Ago Today The Ultimate List Of Easter App And Game Sales On The Play Store [Continuously Updated] 2013/03/30 12:31pm PDTMar 30, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Google Launches Translator Toolkit, Makes It Easier To Bridge The Language Gap In Your Apps 2012/03/30 11:37pm PDTMar 30, 2012 18 6 Years Ago Today N64oid, Nintendo 64 Emulator For Android, Was Not Taken Down - It's On Hiatus Pending Performance Improvements 2011/03/30 11:39pm PDTMar 30, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Updated: Verizon Finally Starts Upgrading All Motorola Droid Users to Android 2.1 Today, Pinky Swears This Time 2010/03/30 8:10pm PDTMar 30, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 48 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 65 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 110 queries | 0.411s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Beauty Style Video Love The State of Dating Subscribe Give a Gift Digital Editions Follow Celebrities & Entertainment Back Celebrities & Entertainment Celeb News Celebs TV Movies Books Music Beauty & Style Back Beauty & Style Beauty & Style News Beauty Advice Beauty How Tos Style Style How Tos Cosmo Beauty Closet Politics College Career Health & Fitness Back Health & Fitness Health & Fitness How Tos Food & Cocktails Sex & Relationships Back Sex & Relationships Sex News Cosmo Confessions Sex Positions Sex Tips Guys Weddings Bedroom Blog Parenting Cosmo For Latinas Horoscopes Lenny Letter All News All Videos Subscribe Back Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Newsletter Follow Back Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Youtube Tumblr Promotions Win Type keyword(s) to search Google's New Feature Will Change the Way You Exercise There goes yet another excuse. Getty By Kaitlin Menza Mar 30, 2017 How many times a day do you use Google? Aside from providing answers for every single question you could ever ask ("how do I know when eggs have gone bad?"), features like Google Maps, Google Calendar, and of course, GChat, organize and entertain us all the livelong day. Now the kind people of Mountain View, California are introducing a new product: they're going to get you fit. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Meet Reserve with Google, a platform that will allow users to search for fitness classes with availability nearby. Options are listed along the top of the results, with more tiles below suggesting themes of classes (like yoga). Descriptions of classes and user ratings fall underneath their titles, so you don't wander into an advanced barre class that leaves you limping for six days. Unless that's what you're going for. Google ran a pilot of the product in New York, L.A., and San Francisco, but it's now live across the country wherever there are studios working with Google's scheduling partners (Mindbody, Appointy, Front Desk, Full Slate, Genbook, and MyTime). A nice aspect of the feature is its integration with Google Maps on desktop, so you can get a visual on which classes are closest and available to you, as well as with Calendar. "We make recommendations based on courses you've taken, and will be exploring more ways to bring timely and useful recommendations to fitness buffs," a Google spokesperson tells Cosmopolitan.com. "For example, you will soon be able to get notifications of new classes that might be interesting to you." Cardio ballroom yogilates, here you come. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Share Tweet Email More From Health & Fitness Half-Marathon Runner Helped Across Finish Line This Photo Shows How Filters Hide Anxiety Advertisement - Continue Reading Below This Woman Has an "Apron" of Excess Skin Hot Baths Are a Calorie Burner This Fit Mom Breastfeeds During Workouts 3 Breathing Techniques That Reduce Stress Breast Milk Might Not Be Brain Food, After All The Internet Can't Handle This Yoga Move 6 Digestive Problems That Affect Your Weight This Mom's Stretch Mark Explanation Is Going Viral Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Health & Fitness This Feminist Food Magazine Will Change the Way You Eat This Photographer Wants to Change the Way You See Fatherhood This New Beauty Tool Will Change the Way You Do Cat-Eyes Forever Why You Need to Start Exercising in Your 20s Will This Champagne Hack Change the Way You Drink Forever? 10 Photos Of Hardcore Rodeo Queens Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Cosmo Books Work For Cosmo Become A Cosmo Intern Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Share Tweet Email
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars APPS Google now provides AI-powered translations for Arabic and Hebrew Jordan Novet@jordannovet March 30, 2017 12:10 PM Tags: Alphabet, artificial intelligence, deep learning, Google, Google Translate, neural machine translation Above: Google Translate. Image Credit: Jordan Novet / VentureBeat Google today announced that it’s switching over to neural machine translations, resulting in more natural suggestions, for two more languages: Arabic and Hebrew. Google first started using this approach in September and has been gradually rolling it out to more languages, with a goal of using it for all 103 supported languages. In addition to transitioning away from a more traditional phrase-based machine translation system, Google is also enhancing translations in Arabic and Hebrew thanks to contributions from the Google Translate Community, which lets people contribute translations, Lee Reshef of Google’s Israel consumer and brand team wrote in a blog post. Neural machine translations are also live in Google Translate for Chinese, English, French, German, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, Turkish, and Vietnamese. Microsoft has also been gradually moving to a neural machine translation, as opposed to more traditional statistical machine translation — 11 languages had made the switch as of March 14. Google also uses deep learning — an approach that involves training artificial neural networks on a large data set and then getting them to make inferences on new data — to improve Android, Gmail, Google Maps, Google Play, Google Search, and YouTube, among other things. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Britain Europe United States The Americas Middle East and Africa Asia China International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Leaders Debate Media The Economist apps Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition Blogs Buttonwood's notebook Erasmus Game theory Gulliver The Economist explains Bagehot's notebook Democracy in America Free exchange Graphic detail ProsperoPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Britain Europe United States The Americas Middle East and Africa Asia China International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Leaders Debate Blogs up icon Buttonwood's notebook Erasmus Game theory Gulliver The Economist explains Bagehot's notebook Democracy in America Free exchange Graphic detail Prospero Print Edition The Economist apps Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe AdvalancheYouTube highlights problems with digital advertising Big brands protest about ads next to offensive content print-edition icon From the print edition | BusinessMar 30th 2017 | SAN FRANCISCO twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon EVEN advertisers can be seduced by slick marketing. Google and Facebook have built huge businesses by promising that online ads are more effective and easily measured than traditional media, such as television, radio and print. This year the amount spent on internet advertising, globally and in America, is forecast to surpass television advertising for the first time (see chart). But a controversy at YouTube, an online-video site owned by Google, shows how digital advertising still has problems to sort out before it lives up to the dazzling sales pitch. A slew of advertisers, including stalwarts such as Coca-Cola, Walmart and General Motors, have announced plans to suspend usage of, or move ad spending away from, YouTube because ads (in some cases their own) were appearing alongside offensive content, including videos by jihadist and neo-Nazi groups. Google’s own brand has suffered: the damage to the firm’s sales could be as much as $1bn in 2017, or around 1% of its gross advertising revenue. Shares of its parent company, Alphabet, have fallen by around 3% owing to the controversy. Latest updates A stalled treaty with China highlights Australia’s geopolitical dilemma Asiaan hour ago The link between video games and unemployment The Economist explainsan hour ago Democrats should be more comfortable discussing economic growth Free exchange12 hours ago Impending famines in Africa and Yemen have political causes Graphic detail14 hours ago Justices consider the case of an immigrant who received bad legal advice Democracy in America16 hours ago Digital music tools are reshaping music education Prospero16 hours ago See all updates It is not the first time that brands have fretted about where their ads appear. In 2013 Nissan drew headlines when it placed an ad alongside a video of a beheading on the website Forbez DVD. There have been other incidents. But never before have so many advertisers raised concerns about what they call brand “safety” all at once and staged such a dramatic boycott. The timing may not be coincidental. Television networks are gearing up for negotiations with advertisers as part of America’s “upfronts”, in which brands commit around 70% of their TV-ad budgets for the year. It is in their interest to encourage big brands to look critically at digital advertising, which has been trouncing nearly all the other categories. The furore over extreme content escalated after the Times, a London-based newspaper owned by Rupert Murdoch, whose empire also contains many television properties, ran a story in mid-March with the headline, “YouTube hate preachers share screens with household names”. Advertisers may also be hoping to negotiate better pricing on their future internet-ad buys by taking a strong stand on this issue, says Mike Henry of OpenSlate, which helps brands place ads on YouTube. Few can now do without ads that are bought “programmatically”, meaning in an automated fashion using algorithms. The technique allows brands to follow internet-goers wherever they spend time and direct ads specifically at them. “What’s strange is that everyone was so fascinated with targeting ads that they forgot to ask themselves the mundane question of what content they are appearing next to,” says Rich Raddon of Zefr, an ad-tech firm. In other ways, too, digital advertising is falling short. In September Facebook admitted that it had inflated the reported time consumers spent watching video advertisements, and since then has acknowledged further measurement snafus. All these issues have invited censure, including from Marc Pritchard, whose role as marketing chief of the consumer-goods giant Procter & Gamble makes him one of the overlords of advertising. “Surely if we can invent technology for driverless cars and virtual reality we can find a way to track and verify media accurately,” he said. Although advertisers may be frustrated with YouTube’s poor oversight of where ads appear, there is a limited supply of high-quality online video. YouTube is like a restaurant in a small town: the service may be slow and the quality of food unpredictable, but there are few alternatives, so the clientele sticks around. Today Google and Facebook control around three-fifths of spending on digital ads in America, and their share is only expected to rise. Google and Facebook might consider making concessions to advertisers. At the moment Google does not allow third parties, such as the firm Integral Ad Science, to filter or block inappropriate content on behalf of advertisers, even though these independent firms have the technological tools to do so. That could change if advertisers continue to exert pressure. Advertisers can monitor ad placement, too. There are tools for this: on YouTube and elsewhere on the internet, firms can select keywords so that they stay away from certain contexts. Banks can avoid videos and articles that mention foreclosure, for example, and carmakers can choose not to bid on ad space near articles about crashes. But only about 15% of advertisers are using this sort of tool, reckons Scott Knoll, the chief executive of Integral Ad Science. In the future more will probably turn to such solutions, and also pay for outside measurement to check if their ads are being seen. Technology has brought headaches for advertisers, but that won’t prevent them investing in more of it. twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon View comments Reuse this content Editors’ picks The White HouseThe Trump presidency is in a hole And that is bad for America—and the world Leaders A tale of two scarvesAustralia’s stalled treaty with China highlights its dilemmaAsia A race against timeThe two-year countdown to Brexit has begunBritain The Economist explainsThe link between video games and unemploymentThe Economist explains You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Site Map Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Quickbooks users can now send invoices through Gmail Intuit is also rolling out an integration that brings QuickBooks functionality to Hangouts Chat, Google's new dedicated messaging app for teams. By Natalie Gagliordi for Small Business Matters | March 30, 2017 -- 19:26 GMT (12:26 PDT) | Topic: SMBs Intuit's Quickbooks Online platform has a new integration with Google's G Suite that will allow small business users to create and send invoices directly through Gmail. what's hot on zdnet ​Samsung's real challenge with Galaxy S8 launch: Apple's upcoming iPhone 'supercycle' Congress just obliterated Obama-era rules preventing ISPs from selling your browsing history Android flagships: Which is best for the enterprise? Could the iPad be the death of the Mac (and the PC)? Along with the new Gmail Add-on for Invoicing, Intuit is also rolling out an integration that brings QuickBooks functionality to Hangouts Chat, Google's new dedicated messaging app for teams. Both of these integrations build on the bevy of integrations and partnerships that Intuit announced in October as part of its strategy to spur the next phase of growth within the QuickBooks Online ecosystem. Currently, QuickBooks users can sign up for QuickBooks Online through the G Suite Marketplace, and users of both QuickBooks and G Suite can utilize single sign-on (SSO) to access QuickBooks directly from a Google account. There's also a Google Calendar integration that lets businesses import data, such as time-tracking and billing, into QuickBooks Online. "Half-a-million QuickBooks Online customers use Gmail to communicate with their clients, and now with this seamless integration, it's easier for those small businesses to send invoices -- and get paid faster as a result," said Alex Chriss, SVP and chief product officer of Intuit's Small Business Group. Intuit has made open platforms and partnerships a central theme of its growth strategy, and for good reason. A lot of small business owners use technology in bits and pieces, so allowing all of those parts to work together in one place is a big selling point. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security ​Innovation department hunts cyber advisory package for Australian SMEs Data Management Tired of filling out forms? HelloSign scraps 'digital paper pushing' SMBs How to convert a standard PowerPoint deck to widescreen in 30 minutes or less SMBs Small business community network Townsquared buys Voo × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Ivanka's favorite sanctuary city: First Daughter escapes DC to attend glam party at Jared Kushner parents' $12M Fifth Ave pad REVEALED: 'Supermom' Sherri Papini who claimed she was kidnapped and tortured for 22 days last year was reported to police 13 years ago for 'self-harming and trying to blame wounds on her mom'  Homeless 'Spitting Lady' of the Upper East Side is arrested for 'spitting on a seven-year-old boy' as cops find $19K in cash on her person Three-year-old boy freezes to death after wandering out of his North Carolina home on at night in sub zero temperatures People in open relationships are HAPPIER than monogamous couples, study claims 'He has a story to tell and very much wants to tell it': Disgraced ex-national security adviser Mike Flynn offers to testify about the Trump administration's ties to Russia in exchange for immunity 'When you are given immunity you have probably committed a crime': Michael Flynn's 2016 comments come back to bite him as he now offers to testify in Russia probe 'Follow the trail of dead Russians': Intelligence expert tells US Senate panel probing Trump election interference how Russian figures have been 'dropping dead' in western countries 'Actually I'm not even mad': Secret Twitter account supposedly belonging to FBI director James Comey tweets back after being 'unearthed' and amassing thousands of followers  Top Democrat on House Intel 'perplexed' by White House invitation to view classified documents on the SAME day that the chairman's sources were unmasked: 'The timing certainly was fortuitous' 'Watch my lips - NO': Vladimir Putin angrily denies claims Russia interfered in U.S. elections - and says claims are 'lies' for 'domestic political agendas' 'It's not political, it's our lives': Legendary actor and Parkinson's sufferer Michael J Fox hits out at Trump's attempts to repeal Obamacare and cut Medicare Why Trump is the Good Samaritan: Britain's former Archbishop of Canterbury says the President has offered America 'a voice'  Senate's blue wall begins to crumble as two Democrats say they'll support Trump's Supreme Court pick $3million real estate deal which Paul Manafort's son-in-law struck with Dustin Hoffman is set to collapse as his companies go bankrupt amidst claims he ran a Ponzi scheme Doctor mom! Donald Trump Jr shares sweet picture of five-year-old son Tristan cuddling with mother Vanessa in Florida ten days after the youngster broke his leg while skiing in Aspen 'Take your son and parents and FLEE!': Trump's nemesis Rosie O'Donnell urges Melania to divorce the President White House deputy chief of staff suspected of 'leaking all the time' to reporters departs for outside political group EXCLUSIVE:  Ivanka Trump hit by ANOTHER claim of ripping off designs as she is accused of selling a coat using trademarked fabrics Trump continues to pound 'failing' NY Times as he renews warning about a change to libel laws after newspaper 'has disgraced the media world' Political consultants' group descends into chaos after giving Kellyanne Conway 'MVP political consultant' award as members complain she's a liar  King of Trump Castle: President planned to build a $200 million, 60-story fortress complete with a water-filled moat and drawbridge in crime-ridden 1980s New York  VP Pence grins as he casts tie-breaking Senate vote allowing states to keep federal grant money away from abortion clinics Widowed and bruised - but still smiling: American Westminster terror survivor poses in hospital robes for the first picture since her husband was killed in the attack  Previous Next Tech giants bow to Amber Rudd's demands to get tough in effort to wipe Islamist propaganda videos off the internet (but who's going to tell Apple?)  Home Secretary slammed encryption for allowing people to hide from officials Demanded internet and tech firms do more to help battle against terrorism MailOnline revealed Westminster terrorist used WhatsApp minutes before attack End-to-end encryption cannot even be read by communications companies   By Gareth Davies For Mailonline and James Tapsfield, Political Editor Mailonline Published: 15:51 EDT, 30 March 2017 | Updated: 02:49 EDT, 31 March 2017 e-mail 31 shares 17 View comments The UK's Home Secretary Amber Rudd Technology giants have pledged to join forces in efforts to tackle terrorist content online following a summit with the Home Secretary. Facebook, Google, Twitter and Microsoft committed to explore options for a cross-industry forum and step up collaboration on technical tools that aim to identify and remove extremist propaganda.  The plans were announced after a meeting between senior executives from the four firms, as well as figures from other companies, and Amber Rudd. The Home Secretary hosted the emergency summit in a bid to make companies take action over extremist content, but decided not to invite Apple. A number of platforms have repeatedly faced calls to do more to stop terror-related videos and pages spreading on the web. The debate flared up last week after it emerged that information on how to mount an attack was easily accessible in the wake of Westminster terrorist Khalid Masood's murderous rampage. In a joint statement after the meeting, bosses from Facebook, Google, Twitter and Microsoft said they would 'encourage the further development of technical tools to identify and remove terrorist propaganda'. 'Companies apply unique content policies and have developed - and continue to develop - techniques appropriate for or unique to their own platforms,' they said. 'Nonetheless, there is a significant opportunity to share the knowledge gained in these varied efforts to develop innovative solutions.' The companies will also explore the creation of a new forum to increase collaboration within the industry. They said: 'Companies increasingly share best practices with one another, and we have seen that sharing lessons learned across sectors can improve our collective response to this challenge. 'Each of our companies also commits to urgently improve that collaboration.' The internet giants also outlined two further goals - more support for 'younger' companies on how to counter terrorist material online, and to 'promote alternative and counter-narratives' through civil society organisations. 'Our companies are committed to making our platforms a hostile space for those who seek to do harm and we have been working on this issue for several years,' the statement said. 'We share the Government's commitment to ensuring terrorists do not have a voice online.' ISIS produce propoganda videos such as this, which get circulated around social media Ar Raqqah, Syria --- Militant Islamist fighters wave flags as they take part in a military parade along the streets of Syria's northern Raqqa province June 30, 2014 ISIS fighters holding the Al-Qaeda flag with 'Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant' written on it Ms Rudd reported that it was a 'useful discussion', and welcomed the commitment to set up a cross-industry forum. The Home Secretary said: 'My starting point is pretty straightforward. I don't think that people who want to do us harm should be able to use the internet or social media to do so. I want to make sure we are doing everything we can to stop this. 'In taking forward this work I'd like to see the industry to go further and faster in not only removing online terrorist content but stopping it going up in the first place. 'I'd also like to see more support for smaller and emerging platforms to do this as well, so they can no longer be seen as an alternative shop floor by those who want to do us harm'. The Home Secretary also raised concerns about the issue of encryption and warned that there should be no safe space for terrorists to communicate online. 'I am clear that Government and industry need to work more closely together on this issue so that law enforcement and the intelligence agencies can get access to the data they need to keep us safe,' she said. A militant standing in front of an ISIS flag in a picture that appeared on social media site Facebook British Home Secretary Amber Rudd arrives outside 10 Downing Street in central London, on March 28, 2017 Further meetings are planned to further address this issue. A fresh debate over authorities' access to communications was sparked after it was reported that Masood's phone connected with encrypted messaging service WhatsApp shortly before the atrocity. WhatsApp has said it is 'co-operating with law enforcement as they continue their investigations'. Masood killed four people in last week's terror attack.  An inquest for Masood, 52 - who was shot dead by police - was opened and adjourned on Thursday. One tech giant that did not have a representative at the summit was Apple, who Amber Rudd left off the invite list.    The Home Secretary had warned it was 'completely unacceptable' that bloodthirsty terrorists like Khalid Masood are able to plot in secret by using encrypted messages.  She systems that allow people to hide from the security services as she insisted internet and technology firms must do more to help the fight against extremism. Amber Rudd warned that internet companies are acting as a 'conduit' for terrorists by failing to block extremist content Khalid Masood used a hired car to mow down dozens of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before entering the grounds of Parliament and stabbing Pc Keith Palmer to death. MailOnline has revealed he was on WhatsApp minutes before the attack started Despite the company's flagship iPhone coming with an encrypted messaging service built in - iMessage - bosses will not be at the summit, according to The Times.   The row has intensified in the wake of the deadly attack on Westminster last week, when Masood used a hired car to mow down dozens of pedestrians before stabbing a policeman to death at the gates of parliament. MailOnline has revealed that the terrorist was on WhatsApp just minutes before he launched his deadly assault. As the service uses 'end to end encryption', not even the Facebook-owned company was able to read what was said. It is unclear whether police have been able to retrieve the records from Masood's phone. The killer is believed to have used an iPhone, and even if the authorities retrieved the handset they may not be able to crack the security. However, the end-to-end encryption on the application means it is extremely difficult for security services to trace.  Asked about the ability of terrorists to communicate secretly using the technology, Ms Rudd told BBC One's Andrew Marr Show: 'It is completely unacceptable, there should be no place for terrorists to hide. 'We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next EU nationals 'are set to keep rights to benefits after... Ministers slam internet giants such as Google and Facebook... Share this article Share 'It used to be that people would steam-open envelopes or just listen in on phones when they wanted to find out what people were doing, legally, through warrantry. 'But on this situation we need to make sure that our intelligence services have the ability to get into situations like encrypted WhatsApp.'  Mrs May raised questions about whether police had been able to see Masood's last messages, telling Sky News Sophy Ridge programme that 'this terrorist sent a Whatsapp message and it can't be accessed'. WHAT IS END-TO-END ENCRYPTION?  WhatsApp boasts that even it does not know what is being communicated between users. That is because it employs end-to-end encryption, where only linked phones have the matching security keys allowing them to decode messages. The technology has raised alarm because government agencies are completely unable to intercept conversations that may allow them to head off terror attacks. Obtaining a warrant against companies using the technology would be pointless, as they simply do not hold the information.  WhatsApp tells its users: 'Messages you send to this chat and calls are now secured with end-to-end encryption, which means WhatsApp and third parties can't read or listen to them.'    Supporters of end-to-end encryption say it has made day-to-day activities such as online shopping infinitely safer. But there are growing calls for providers to install a 'back door' in the systems so the authorities can access potentially life-and-death material. Asked if she opposed end-to-end encryption, Ms Rudd said: 'End-to-end encryption has a place, cyber security is really important and getting it wrong costs the economy and costs people money. 'So I support end-to-end encryption, it has its place to play. 'But we also need to have a system whereby when the police have an investigation, where the security services have put forward a warrant signed off by the Home Secretary, we can get that information when a terrorist is involved.' She denied what she was describing was incompatible with end-to-end encryption, adding: 'I support end-to-end encryption as part of cybersecurity, for families, for banking, for businesses. It's important.  'But we can't have a situation where terrorists can talk to each other, where this terrorist sent a Whatsapp message and it can't be accessed.' The Home Office claimed Ms Rudd had been making a general point rather than referring to Masood's case specifically.  A WhatsApp spokesman said: 'We are horrified at the attack carried out in London earlier this week and are cooperating with law enforcement as they continue their investigations.'  Ms Rudd also insisted the likes of Google - which runs YouTube - and other smaller sites such as WordPress and Telgram must take more responsibility for blocking extremist material. Ms Rudd said she was calling in a 'fairly long list' of relevant organisations for a meeting on the issue this week, including social media platforms.  'What these companies have to realise is that they are now publishing companies, they are not technology companies, they are platforms and we need to make sure that that (hosting extremist material) stops,' she said. 'You are right, we will not resile from taking action if we need to do so.' But she went on: 'I would rather get a situation where we get all these people around the table agreeing to do it. 'I know it sounds a bit like we're stepping away from legislation but we're not. Pictured: Jihadist Khalid Masood, who left four dead and 29 injured after a rampage in Westminster 'What I'm saying is the best people who understand the technology, who understand the necessary hashtags to stop this stuff even being put up, not just taking it down, but stopping it being put up in the first place, are going to be them.' Boris Johnson also stepped up the pressure on internet firms over their 'disgusting' failure to block extremist content. Before the atrocity Google had already been forced to promise it would take a 'tougher stance' on hateful content after an outcry and boycotts from advertisers over its content appearing alongside extreme material.  Mr Johnson called on internet providers and social media companies to develop new technology to detect and remove jihadist and other extreme material. He accused them of 'not acting when they are tipped off', adding in an interview with the Sunday Times: 'I'm furious about it. 'It's disgusting. 'They need to stop just making money out of prurient violent material.' Ms Rudd demanded more cooperation from internet and tech firms as she appeared on the  BBC's Andrew Marr show today Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said he found it 'disgusting' that net firms were not taking tougher action against extreme literature  Masood was seemingly using WhatsApp just minutes before he went on his murder rampage Mr Johnson added: 'They are not acting when they are tipped off. 'Evil flourishes when good men do nothing - and that's what's happening here. 'They are putting up adverts next to it.' Europol, the EU's law enforcement agency, backed Ms Rudd's call for messaging services to build back doors into end-to-end encryption. Its director Rob Wainwright told BBC Sunday Politics: 'There is no doubt that encryption, encrypted communications are becoming a more and more prominent feature in the way that terrorists communicate, more and more of a problem therefore, a real challenge for investigators. 'And at the heart of this is a stark inconsistency between the ability of the police to lawfully intercept telephone calls but not when those messages are exchanged by a social media messaging board for example.  Theresa May vowed to show terrorists that 'we are not afraid' as she addressed the House of Commons in the wake of the attack 'That's an inconsistency in society, it surely is, and we have to find a solution through the appropriate legislation, through perhaps the technology companies and law enforcement working maybe in a slightly more constructive way.' Commons Home Affairs Committee chairwoman Yvette Cooper said the Government should consider German-style laws to fine companies that fail to remove extreme material, although Ms Rudd distanced herself from the idea. Ms Cooper told Sky News's Sophy Ridge on Sunday: 'I think we're going to have to have much more pressure on them to act because I know that Amber Rudd wants to have another summit with them and another meeting with them. I'm sure that's very good. 'But David Cameron had lots and lots of meetings with them that kind of went around these issues again and again. 'I think they have to act.' Read more: Apple bosses not invited to Rudd summit on extremism | News | The Times & The Sunday Times Share or comment on this article e-mail 31 shares Most watched News videos 13 year old has no idea he's talking to the voice of Bart Simpson Dead man is cut out of the stomach of a seven metre long PYTHON Gran starts heated debate with anti-Brexit campaigners Woman screams as burglars break into her home and rob her Live boa constrictor studded with quills after porcupine attack Oddly satisfying deep cleaning of a very dirty car seat The last moments of expert storm chaser Kelley Williamson CCTV captures milkman killing tuk-tuk driver with a BRICK President Trump rearranges items on a table Newly released CCTV footage shows man being glassed in London bar Dramatic moment armed police make arrest in Birmingham Thirsssty much?: Rescued king cobra drinks water from a bottle Snake gets its comeuppance after attacking a porcupine... Mother and her son, 13, die and his company director... FBI pictures reveal fiery aftermath and appalling... 'You owe me': Top Harefield heart surgeon 'raped mother... EXCLUSIVE - Bird of paradise: Bikini-clad Megyn Kelly... 'The EU has ruined this country': Furious pensioner, 70,... Road to Damascus moment: Syrian millionaire, 38, GIVES... Out on the town AGAIN! Malia Obama, 18, dines out with a... 'You failed your wife, you failed your children': Husband... EXCLUSIVE - Ivanka's favorite sanctuary city: First... Romanian 18-year-old girl claims she has sold her... Woman who tried to lure a toddler from her mother by... Man tries to abduct three-year-old British girl at Costa... PICTURED: Dog owner mauled to death by his own Staffie in... Terrifying moment two hooded men break into a Washington... Pay up first - THEN we'll talk! EU leaders threaten... 'I'm trying not to vomit or yell out Mosul': Outrage at... 'My rule is that if my Grandad would be disgusted, I'd... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 17 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE- Trump takes (back) NYC: Ivanka plays dutiful daughter-in-law and flees DC to attend party at $12M Fifth Avenue pad of Jared Kushner's parents  Proportion parade! Kim Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans EXCLUSIVE: Gaunt Brad Pitt looks a shadow of his former self in shock new pictures as split from Angelina Jolie takes a toll All that glitters! Khloe Kardashian shows off her INCREDIBLE figure in a sparkly sheer one-piece during sexy photoshoot The 32-year-old stunned  'Take your son and parents and FLEE!': Rosie O'Donnell urges Melania Trump to divorce President Donald Trump's fiercest critic  From rugged coastlines to rooftop bars, series of stunning images shows why Los Angeles is THE place to vacation SPONSORED 'I wasn't surprised - she had to do it': Thomas Cohen recalls the harrowing moment he found late wife Peaches Geldof's body in third anniversary interview  Out on the town AGAIN! Malia Obama, 18, dines out with a friend at trendy Manhattan bar... just one night after being spotted with 23-year-old Stanford graduate  Her favorite Legend! Chrissy Teigen shows off cute daughter Luna as she goes on Hollywood shopping spree Retail therapy Cheeky girl! Shanina Shaik shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she frolics on the beach at WAGS star Nicole Williams' bachelorette party EXCLUSIVE: Mischa Barton opens up about the dark side of fame to Dr Phil and how she exhausted herself by working non-stop which left her in a psychiatric hold Discover Los Angeles for FREE: Our guide to experiencing the city without spending a cent All you need is the right know-how SPONSORED Bonding time! Courteney Cox and daughter Coco Arquette hold hands as they touch down in Miami... after the preteen is featured in music video EXCLUSIVE - Bird of paradise: Bikini-clad Megyn Kelly puts on a colorful display while flashing some skin as she snorkels out to sea in Hawaii Cop a look at me! Hailey Baldwin puts on a very busty display while singing along to The Police  She's flashed quite a bit of flesh  Style and the city: Kate Hudson looks chic as she rocks long green coat and flared trousers in New York The 37-year-old looked stylish She's purr-fect! Rose Byrne rocks leopard pants at her husband Bobby Cannavale's opening night party of The Hairy Ape Looking relaxed 'I'm gonna miss my turkey neck': Mama June goes under the knife for yet more surgery on From Not To Hot  Stars in the docu-series  Wonder in white! Halle Berry goes braless under thin lacy poncho as she shares VERY sexy snap on Instagram The Oscar-winner went braless  Dreamgirls duo! Jennifer Hudson meets up with Amber Riley as her Effie White character backstage in London They posed for a pic Her shining moment! Selena Gomez is a little ray of sunshine in yellow as she attends the premiere for the series she produced 13 Reasons Why 'I can't wait to meet you': Teen Mom's Kailyn Lowry shares ultrasound pics of third child... but still hasn't revealed who the father is Red hot! Kelly Bensimon flaunts her ample assets in plunging swimsuit as she takes a dip on vacation in Florida She is 48 No wonder he's nicknamed the Venezuelan Cowboy! Rougned Odor signs $49.5M deal with the Texas Rangers that includes two HORSES Savage blade of Conan! Arnold Schwarzenegger jokes 'some things never change' as he cuts Patrick's hair off... and shares sweet flashback photo 'We will make it through': Jodie Sweetin responds after ex threatened to sell 'embarrassing' cell phone pics She got a temporary restraining order  Kate Mara gives just a peek of her slim torso in a loose top and trousers as she runs errands in West Hollywood She donned shades in the Californian sun 'We couldn't be more in love': Imagine Dragons member Dan Reynolds welcomes twin girls with wife Aja Volkman Twelve mins apart Pictured: PwC accountant spotted in LA with his briefcase in hand for the first time since his infamous Oscars envelope blunder  'It's not political, it's our lives': Legendary actor and Parkinson's sufferer Michael J Fox hits out at Republican attempts to repeal Obamacare  Not her best look: Kendall Jenner tucks oversized button-down into Daisy Dukes for outing with sister Kim Kardashian in LA Baring her legs Can You Feel The (Drunk In) Love Tonight? Beyonce is 'top choice' to voice lioness Nala in Lion King live-action reboot She's expecting twins The champ is here! WWE superstar John Cena makes yet another kid's day as he meets young fan with cerebral palsy Uploaded to YouTube Gone with the wind: Caitlyn Jenner's brunette tresses get swept in sudden gust while picking up groceries in Malibu At the supermarket Yummy mummies! Pregnant Irina Shayk dons long-sleeved shirt and slippers as she stocks up on strawberries with mother Olga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Has Francesca Eastwood gone under the knife? Clint's daughter reveals VERY perky new figure in Malibu Who's that girl? Justin Bieber FaceTimes with mystery girl during hike in Brazil He is due to perform a few concerts there and also Sao Paulo That's aviary nice dress! Jessica Chastain rocks bird cage frock as she is named Female Star Of The Year at CinemaCon On the red carpet Back in business! Lamar Odom boasts 'another great meeting' following bombshell interview filled with drug and cheating revelations All smiles Susan Sarandon enjoys SoHo stroll with mystery man... after FaceTiming granddaughter with Elmo The Oscar winner  Ab-tastic! Sofia Richie shows off her toned physique as she has a pool day with English reality star Vas J Morgan She is 18 'I've given up on jewelry or clothes!' Justin Theroux reveals he recently bought wife Jennifer Aniston a Snuggie and 'amazing' flip flops  'I felt like I needed to shave bone off': Fashion models expose the harsh reality of being in an industry that 'hates women' Opening up Babymoon bliss! Heavily pregnant Lauren Conrad shares peek of her baby bump while enjoying beach break before birth  Took to Instagram Wentworth Miller gets upstaged as Prison Break newcomer Inbar Lavi steals show at Paley Fest screening In Beverly Hills, California Wheelchair bound Eric Clapton, 71, looks frail as he holds hands with daughter at LAX... after being forced to pull out of two gigs due to 'severe bronchitis' Squad goals! Kourtney Kardashian cuts a stylish display in striped duster as she steps out with Larsa Pippen The mom-of-three was spotted heading to her swanky ride  What a babe! Olivia Wilde swaps her graphic T-shirt for a purple unicorn top as she heads to Life Itself set Out in NYC That photo is SO last century! Mandy Moore posts ultimate TBT pic with Justin Timberlake from 1999 It was, quite literally, more than half a lifetime ago Abs-olutely ripped! Lily Collins shows off impressively toned torso in black sports bra and sheer leggings while on coffee run in LA She displayed her svelte physique  Having a wheelie good time! Len Wiseman's model girlfriend CJ Franco beams as she flashes tons of flesh while riding bike on grocery trip Kim Zolciak flaunts Rapunzel-style braid... ahead of her heated return to The Real Housewives of Atlanta The wig-loving 38-year-old  Jagger's girl climbs into pole position: Georgia May shows off her moves in snap posted on Instagram  The model daughter of Sir Mick Jagger Pippa signs up Posh and Becks' PR mastermind for advice in the run-up to her wedding to hedge fund millionaire  The Duchess of Cambridge's sister  Cindy Crawford, 51, shows off her age defying figure in leggings and a cowboy hat as she steps out in Malibu  Looking cool Cara Delevingne looks white hot in gold studded trousers as she promotes her new sci-fi film Valerian... after revealing she will SHAVE her head for next movie  Pretty in patterns! Jasmine Tookes turns heads as she shows off impressive abs in crocheted crop top after lunch in LA Victoria's Secret angel  Jennifer Lopez sued by hoverboard company that supplied 42 scooters for dancing in Las Vegas residency show The 47-year-old singer  'I fancied her so much': Jack Whitehall reveals he 'found it hard to control' his schoolboy crush on Eva Longoria at Decline And Fall filming BBC series in the UK Mel B is left 'livid' at Victoria Beckham's Carpool Karaoke... as she 'accuses former bandmate of using Spice Girls' music to boost profile' Is that Oroton? Rose Byrne sports vintage tan handbag while out in New York amid controversy over retailer's decision to dump the actress  Tamara Ecclestone looks busty in a black maxi sundress as she gets back into LA life with daughter Sophia She looked every inch the Hollywood mommy Goodies! Ciara and husband Russell Wilson throw elaborate 'all white' co-ed baby shower in Los Angeles They have been eagerly awaiting the arrival of their child Bob Dylan swings by with a trio of treasures: Triplicate sees legendary songwriter go for broke in his love for American standards  Damian Lewis swaps the hedge fund high life in TV hit Billions for low key West End play as he treads the boards in The Goat or Who is Sylvia? Performing in London 'My finger's fatter than I thought': Dave Franco reveals why he isn't wearing his wedding band weeks after secretly tying the knot with Alison Brie   Scarlett's cyber sensation: Classy and beguiling, Scarlett Johansson is perfect as a cyborg created to crack crime  In character 'A demeaning start to an interview': UK TV presenters accused of being 'condescending' towards ex Dawson Creek star James Van Der Beek 'I have to have rules - I think about EVERYTHING I post': Plus-size model Iskra Lawrence opens up about dealing with pressures of being a body-positive role model Ready for war! Blac Chyna heads to court in camouflage after Tyga 'threatens lawsuit' over her claims he has not been paying child support Forever first lady: Michelle Obama drops everything to spend day with Blackfeet Nation students at Sasha's school on exchange program  An ace home! Tennis ace Novak Djokovic buys stunning three-bedroom beachfront mansion in Miami for $8.9million The tennis champion has something to smile about 'I going to have surgery on my uterus': Kim Kardashian reveals last-ditch plan to have another baby despite doctor's warnings  Dramatic announcement Now Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa flexes HIS revenge body after ex Christina's bikini shots  Motivated to get fit after battling two cancers  'I still feel very warm towards her': Russell Brand on how fame wrecked his marriage to Katy Perry, his 'giddy love' for daughter Mabel and his 'f**king relief' at meeting her mother 'My body is strong, even if it doesn't look like it': Brave mothers wear bikinis for the first time since giving birth - before proudly showing off their post-partum figures on camera  'Shame on you': John Legend defends Kim Kardashian after nasty dig on Twitter about her plans to have more children  Said she was thinking of having a third child 'That changes everything': Jessica Biel makes a surprising discovery about her ancestor in sneak peek of Who Do You Think You Are California Smurfing will make you feel blue: The Lost Village is underwhelming fare for the under-8s  The popular blue cartoon characters Why Gwyneth Paltrow cookbook could put you at risk of food poisoning: Roast chicken recipe criticized for ignoring risk posed by bacteria on the meat  Nights in blue satin! Princess Mary of Denmark stuns in a cobalt gown as she joins Queen Mathilde for dinner on the Belgian royals' final evening in Denmark Blake Lively wraps up in heavy coat and hoodie as she steps out with husband Ryan Reynolds... and his BFF Jake Gyllenhaal tags along too 'I know what you've done': Naomi Watts stars in intense trailer to new film The Book of Henry, which sees her transform from single mother to sniper Iggy Azalea looks demure in all-black as she jets out of LA after making music comeback with VERY racy video At LAX 'The wheels are falling off a bit!' Mel C, 43, reveals she's feeling the physical effects of ageing... after years of embracing ultra fit Sporty Spice image 'Live a life of your joys. F*** the rest': Bridget Malcolm says she stays 'far away' from social media and has left behind all the harmful people in her life Victoria's Secret model  'The only thing we ran out of is time': Usher pays homage to his late stepson on his 16th birthday with tribute on Instagram Sadness for music star Katie Holmes looks gorgeous in white as she joins co-star Matthew Perry to promote The Kennedys: After Camelot  In NYC Making the sidewalk her runway! Bella Hadid shows off her impressively long legs in dark skinny jeans in New York City  Model behavior Mila Kunis reveals she's content with her 'perfect' family with Ashton Kutcher and has no plans for more kids The couple have two children together Mark Wahlberg reprises his role as the cool dad while shooting scenes in the snow with Will Ferrell and Mel Gibson for Daddy's Home 2 When in Rome do as Hollywood stars did! How a city ravaged by war was given the kiss of life by the sexiest, most glamorous sirens of the silver screen Special delivery! Khloe Kardashian indulges in decadent chocolate dipped strawberries sent by boyfriend Tristan Thompson On Snapchat Escaping the Alaska cold! Pregnant Bristol Palin shares photos of her one-year-old daughter Sailor enjoying the sunshine as the whole family jet off on a warm weather getaway 'I'm not close with them': Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans will not invite fellow MTV cast members to her wedding... after teasing fall nuptials on Twitter So fly! Chaka Khan shows off dramatic weight loss as she jets out of LA just days after celebrating 64th birthday Donned shades 'It is necessary to abandon our humanity': Woody Harrelson and Andy Serkis square off in final dark trailer for War For The Planet Of The Apes  EXCLUSIVE:  Ivanka Trump hit by ANOTHER claim of ripping off designs as she is accused of selling a coat using trademarked fabrics Busy Philipps looks sleek on set of new NBC sitcom after posting hilarious throwback snap of her crazy curls phase  Flaunting her lovely legs  Shop like a celeb! As Jennifer Lopez and Khloe Kardashian step out in budget-friendly fashions, FEMAIL highlights seven affordable brands stylish stars love Winter and war comes to Westeros in dark and brooding teaser for Game Of Thrones' seventh season  HBO whetted viewers appetite for new season  Jeff Goldblum, 64, holds hands with wife Emilie Livingston, 34, after romantic lunch as they prepare to welcome second child Son Charlie is almost 2 RHOA's Kenya Moore gets restraining order against ex Matt Jordan after he hounds her with phone calls 'up to 30 times a day' Pair's ugly breakup Ex-Power Ranger actor is sentenced to six years in prison for stabbing his roommate to death with a sword Ricardo Medina Jr killed  Josh Sutter in California. Recently discovered 'Dear John' letters from Jackie O to the besotted British lord desperate to marry her sell at auction for $123,000 Intriguing relationship Would you dye your own hair with RUM? Zoe Saldana reveals how she used the alcohol to achieve sun-kissed highlights, plus more beauty secrets 'I'm going to win it': Brad Pitt play 'rock star' US General in Afghanistan in latest trailer for Netflix's War Machine  Comedy duo Amy Schumer and Goldie Hawn playfully stick out their tongues as they promote new movie Snatched Play mom and daughter  49 and fab! As singer-turned-style star Celine Dion celebrates her birthday today, FEMAIL shines a spotlight on her young and modern fashions Abby Lee Miller blames Dance Moms for turning her into a 'raving lunatic' and reveals she quit for her 'mental health'... as co-star Ashlee Allen exits too Diane Kruger is casual in camo on stroll through New York without her new man Norman Reedus Pair have tried to keep their romance low-key 'It'll be less sexist!' Harvey Fierstein reveals how he's changing up NBC's Bye Bye Birdie Live! starring Jennifer Lopez Planned holiday special 'At first I couldn't believe it because I loved this person': Mischa Barton speaks to Dr. Phil about horror of discovering sex tape was on sale for $500K Carly Simon's ex-husband Jim Hart reveals in new book how he hid his homosexuality throughout their marriage, and his spiral into crack addiction Now that's HIGH fashion! Company debuts floral crown made of WEED for festival fans to wear at Coachella (but you need aprescription to get one) Catherine Zeta-Jones exudes old Hollywood glamour in chic brown pants, shirt and blazer as she steps out in NYC after promoting TV drama Bette and Joan Grey's Anatomy star Chandra Wilson opens up about her daughter's real life medical mystery which took months to diagnose Plays doc on screen. The Who front man Roger Daltrey says a 'dead dog' would have beaten Hillary Clinton in the presidential election Singer thinks Democrats made bad choice Agent in action! Jaimie Alexander suits up as Jane Doe as she films scenes for Blindspot in New York Plays sleuth who uses tattoos to solve crimes Still got it! Harrison Ford, 74, reveals he still fits into Blade Runner costumes 35 years on This legend was known for keeping in shape to play characters in action  Head writer on The Tonight Show quits as Jimmy Fallon goes neck and neck with Stephen Colbert in late show ratings war He wants to be actor 'Most days, I laugh at my own symptoms': Michael J. Fox reveals how he finds humor in Parkinson's disease The 55-year-old talkeed to AARP magazine   $3million real estate deal which Paul Manafort's son-in-law struck with Dustin Hoffman is set to collapse as his companies go bankrupt  Kate Hudson has a spring in her step on stylish outing in New York... just days after passionate kiss with new love Danny Fujikawa Doctor mom! Donald Trump Jr shares sweet picture of five-year-old son Tristan cuddling mother Vanessa ten days after kid broke his leg skiing in Aspen Yes, there's more! Dakota Johnson jets into Miami ahead of release of unrated, uncut home video version of Fifty Shades Darker An extra 14 minutes 'She's still the same selfless girl': Meghan Markle's best friend reveals why her relationship with Prince Harry WON'T change the Suits star  Bumpy time: Whitney Port covers up in loose sweater after revealing she 'hates' being pregnant Expecting first tot with hubby Tim Roseman What's going on here? Scott Disick's ex Megan Blake Irwin and former Sydney Swans player Tom Derickx seen 'flirting' at Mercedes-Benz fashion event Capturing the Big Apple: Iconic photos of JFK, James Dean and Sammy Davis Jr go on show in exhibition of pictures from 1950s and 1960s New York 'I wrote nice things about Cate Blanchett and now I'm a pervert!': Val Kilmer defends tweets about actress after being labeled 'creepy' She's a boho babe! Amber Heard goes hippie chic in black lace frock as she runs errands in Beverly Hills The 30-year-old was married to Johnny Depp The end of an era! Carl's Jr reveals it is ditching raunchy burger ads featuring scantily-clad starlets like Kate Upton and Kim Kardashian  SPOILER ALERT: Sarah Hyland responds to fans on Twitter after shocking Modern Family twist Viewers got big surprise they never saw coming Lindsay Lohan flaunts her fabulous figure in a plunging purple swimsuit as she vacations in Thailand with friends  She's looking great 'Gettin' un-broken': Maksim Chmerkovskiy has calf surgery after Dancing With The Stars injury The 37-year-old shared a snap of himself Moving on with her kids? Angelina Jolie puts tense split with Brad Pitt behind her as she 'eyes up historic $25 million gated community mansion' Ripe for a joke! Giggly Victoria Beckham lets her guard down on James Corden's Late Show as she gets fruit thrown at her in a game of Flinch When on vacation! Shanina Shaik and friends flaunt their VERY pert derrières in skimpy bikinis  Victoria's Secret model took to Snapchat 'She's my favorite human': Chris Evans raves about ex-girlfriend Jenny Slate and insists 'she's the best'...less than two months after calling it quits  Model Karlie Kloss designs own collection for Express and selects a group of real-girl models to debut it on the runway, from a coder to a cancer survivor Bright young thing! Rumer Willis dazzles in chic orange dress with tiny flowers as she does round of interviews in New York Bruce and Demi's girl What would Camilla say? Prince Charles greets Romania's Crown Princess Margareta with a tender kiss on hand (and she gives him a peck on the cheek) Storms a brewin': First look at the CW's new superhero series Black Lightning starring Cress Williams Actor, 46, suited up as Jefferson Pierce EXCLUSIVE - 'If not for Ed I'd be sleeping on the beach': Liberian street boy saved by Sheeran reveals he was abused, beaten and robbed while homeless No little lies! Reese Witherspoon smolders in Elizabeth Arden ad with slicked-back hair and flawless skin as she is named 'Storyteller-in-Chief' 'Fan girl moment!' Cara Delevingne gushes over legendary actor Michael Caine... before partying the night away with pal Amber Heard Took to Instagram  She's a bikini babe! Serena Williams puts on a busty display as she flaunts her toned belly in sexy snap The 35-year-old tennis legend took to Instagram Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley glows as she displays her blossoming bump in figure-hugging frilled pink dress at Seoul Fashion Week She's got sunshine! Kyle Richards adds a pop of color with yellow Balenciaga bag as she makes a dash for it after gym session in Beverly Hills     DON'T MISS 'Coachella fittings!': Ashley Graham models off-the-shoulder gown from her own collection as she prepares to attend popular music festival  Rachel Zoe ditches her all-black signature style for pretty floral frock as she runs errands in West Hollywood The 45-year-old fashion designer  Monokini-clad Brooke Burke-Charvet gets wet and wild with her family in St. Barts The surgically-enhanced 45-year-old showcased her figure  Turning back the croc! Paul Hogan's ex Linda Kozlowski shows off the youth-reviving results of cryogenic therapy as she steps out in Venice Beach  Inside the legendary Saint-Tropez hotel beloved by Hollywood legends: Discovering what drew Jack Nicholson and Mick Jagger to Hotel Byblos Shady lady! Bella Hadid wears sunglasses at night but forgets a bra as she steps out in coordinated black and red belly-baring outfit Red-dy for her close up She's definitely Hot Right Now! Bikini-clad Rita Ora shows off her bronzed physique as she soaks up the sun in the Maldives Shared tropical snaps   Wife of Allman Brothers Band guitarist is arrested for 'standing on the dock of her home and pointing a rifle towards 100 teen rowers' Look away now, Channing! Jenna Dewan Tatum writhes around in sexy underwear after indulging in a pillow fight with her pals during girls' night in Catherine Zeta Jones looks chic in monochrome jumpsuit as she heads to the Today show to promote new television show Feud: Bette and Joan Khloe Kardahsian goes braless under jacket bearing her beau Tristan Thompson's basketball number... after claims she 'tolerated' his drug habit 'It changed my life!' Dawson Creek's James Van Der Beek reveals 'heartthrob status' on hit show prepared him for stardom... but admits he never watched it back 'We should all be feminists': Jennifer Lawrence makes bold statement in slogan T-shirt as she poses for the Dior 2017 Fall Collection  A kiss for a prince! Charles is greeted with a peck on the cheek as he visits an orphanage in Romania on the second day of his 'Brexit tour' of Europe  Wild thing! Dutch Queen Maxima is lovely in leopard print as she steps out in the Netherlands  The 45-year-old joined a group of children  Michael Bublé and his wife Luisana seen for the first time since it was revealed son Noah, 3, is 'progressing well' following treatment for liver cancer 'Prosecutors are still reviewing the case': Louis Tomlinson faces wait to learn if he'll be charged for airport brawl as hearing is pushed back by weeks Stephen Belafonte shares intimate 'threesome snap' with Mel B... amid claims the couple's 'open relationship' prompted their divorce Fashionable friends! Minka Kelly and Mandy Moore enjoy a girls' night out at feminist bash in Los Angeles promoting Equal Pay Day on April 4 Now that's hot Coco! Ms Austin leaves little to the imagination in racy lingerie shoot shared on her Snapchat She bared plenty of flesh for the shoot 'He was always the a-- wipe for Will Smith': Fresh Prince of Bel-Air's Janet Hubert jabs at cast reunion photo and calls Alfonso Ribeiro a 'media hoe'  Blac Chyna flaunts impressive weight loss in corset and sheer skirt combination... amid accusing Tyga of not paying child support Slimmer than ever Hello stranger! Hilary Duff hugs handsome mystery man as she visits trendy hotel bar in New York She is back on the market  Cheryl Burke arrives for first day of Dance Moms... as bitter Abby Lee Miller says she expects show's 'a**hole producers' fawn over her 'skinny, hot' replacement Robin Thicke and Paula Patton 'close to reaching formal agreement over custody of  son Julian'... two years after finalizing their divorce 'I didn't know if he was in the zone or if he genuinely didn't like me': Charlie Hunnam reflects on his frosty working relationship with co-star Robert Pattinson Josh Murray gets police involved as split with Amanda Stanton turns nasty and she declares that 'he's the worst' Bachelor nation drama Seizing the day! Malia Obama is all smiles as she grabs a bite during her lunch hour from Manhattan internship At The Weinstein Company in New York  Hitting back! Russell Crowe threatens to 'bench press' Howard Stern as shock jock joins body shamers insulting his frame Mocked his weight One sweet stay! Look inside the $25million mansion Mariah Carey rented for her birthday getaway to Cabo with Bryan Tanaka It has six bedrooms Top dad! Doting Sir Rod Stewart, 72, and adorable youngest son Aiden, 6, wear matching Celtic jerseys as they enjoy bonding day in Bel Air Victoria Secret Angel Romee Strijd flaunts her sensational body in a baby blue two-piece as she poses up a storm for photoshoot on Venice Beach 'Kris Jenner vibes!' Kim Kardashian channels her mom as she dons a short wig for a sexy photo shoot   The 36-year-old star morphed into her mom Quick change artist! Sofia Richie, 18, heads for lunch in leggings and denim vest... after arriving back in LA from NYC wearing sweatpants and Yeezys Blac Chyna 'believes exes Tyga and Rob have teamed up to spread lies about her'... after she branded rapper a 'b***h' in foul-mouthed rant over child support Olympic figure skater Michelle Kwan and husband Clay Pell to divorce after four years of marriage over 'irreconcilable differences' Feuding stars Dwayne Johnson and Vin Diesel are 'separated' on press tour... as their film The Fate Of The Furious receives early praise In Vegas Wednesday 'I'm a very intense fan': Katie Holmes reveals love for basketball while promoting series on The Tonight Show The actress revealed she's a hoops fan Vroom! Tyga and Scott Disick go on a shopping spree at LA Barneys location in luxury cars...after ex Blac Chyna accused him of not paying child support Caper crusaders! Ben Affleck makes first public appearance since rehab as he and his fellow Justice Leaguers have a laugh on the CinemaCon red carpet Bombshell in black! Rooney Mara slips into cleavage-baring cocktail dress for The Discovery premiere in LA Glowing on the red carpet 'He'll be a mess, but Amal will take care of everything': Matt Damon predicts what kind of dad George Clooney will shape up to be  Ocean's Eleven co-stars Going strong! Kesha flashes peace sign while catching flight with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter at LAX The 30-year-old singer was pretty in pink  Spice Up Your Drive! Victoria Beckham dusts off her vocal chords for a spin with James Corden in Carpool Karaoke Taking to Instagram Ed Hartwell's girlfriend 'wanted to cause pregnant Keshia Knight Pulliam to miscarry' alleges friend of NFL vet... as bitter divorce battle continues What a stud (jacket)! Jared Leto looks edgy in bespangled blue sky motif denim coat at Blade Runner 2049 CinemaCon event Never seems to age Redhead Jessica Chastain wears contrasting vintage green dress with off-shoulder bow detail as she heads out for dinner  'Happy anniversary!': Today star Kathie Lee Gifford leaps on Tom Selleck's lap and gives him lingering kiss to mark 20 years since Live smooch 'R + J 4EVA': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso joke around on romantic walk in the forest as she declares they will be together 'forever' It must be her favorite! Queen Letizia of Spain recycles a vibrant red coat as she attends a prize-giving ceremony in the city of Soria Up in smoke! Emma Roberts sucks back on a sneaky cigarette in her designer dress before a late night show appearance  In New York Khloe Kardashian puts on brave face and shows off enviable figure in tight jeans after ex Lamar claims she knew about his cocaine use and cheating 'It's just wrong!' Ricky Gervais slammed by grieving parents who stormed out of his live stand-up show after he cracked joke about 'dead baby' Who's getting inked? Paris Hilton and beau Chris Zylka hang out with The Fat Jewish at Hollywood tattoo parlor Paris showcased her cleavage  Squad goals! Kourtney Kardashian and son Mason wear matching bomber jackets with Larsa Pippen and crew of friends for Korean barbecue in LA Lily Collins looks stylish in a striped crop top and flares as she heads to the movies with a handsome male friend Casually chic Christina Milian rehearses with rapper MC Harvey in LA... ahead of their London concert on June 2 The 35-year-old R&B belter 'I'm feeling fabulous now!': Christina El Moussa talks about surviving a year of 'extreme nausea and fatigue' after splitting from Tarek Don't Go Breaking My wallet: Elton John wears another lurid Gucci tracksuit ensemble worth around $3,000 for shopping trip with husband David Furnish All the colors of the rainbow! Scarlett Johansson stuns in glittery gown with plunging neckline at Ghost In The Shell premiere in NYC Great advertisement! Olivia Culpo looks like a million dollars after stepping out of Santa Monica spa in tiny dress Actress showcased her perfect legs  Working mum Olivia Wilde, 33, goes back in time as she films frat party scene with Oscar Isaac on set of Life Itself Filmed a frat house party scene Lauren Jauregui of Fifth Harmony SLAMS 'invasive, scary, delusional, disrespectful' romantic fan fiction which pairs her with Camila Cabello Playing with fire! Serena Williams sizzles in red bathing suit as she soaks up the sun during tropical getaway   The tennis champ enjoyed her vacay They're Unforgettable! Katherine Heigl and Rosario Dawson strike an elegant pose as they promote new movie at CinemaCon On the red carpet French goddess! Juliette Binoche, 53, is sensational in black gown slashed to waist at Ghost In The Shell premiere The dark-haired beauty 'Watching mama sing': Rory Feek shares touching photo of his daughter viewing a performance video of her late mom Joey Heartwarming snap Gothic glam! Gigi Hadid embraces her dark side with edgy oxblood lips and matching boots The 21-year-old rocked a stylish but edgy look in NYC Beauty in blue! Youthful Naomi Watts, 48, highlights her svelte frame in chic striped frock at film event in Las Vegas Looking trim F-bomb explosion! Eden Sassoon and Lisa Rinna have an epic foul-mouthed meltdown in sneak peek of The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills   'We have a long way to go as women': Katie Holmes reveals Hillary Clinton's election loss hurt daughter Suri Cruise 'so much' She's the ex-wife of Tom Cruise  White hot! Maria Menounos stuns in a dramatic jumpsuit at CinemaCon She wowed in white at the event which sees the theater industry gather Wheel of Fortune star Vanna White opens up about show's success, the 6500 dresses she's worn on air and why she regrets THAT Playboy shoot Hollywood's first female studio boss on Angelina Jolie's daily drug tests, supporting Scientology, and how her breakup inspired 'Fatal Attraction' 'I'm Bart Simpson, put her there, man!' Voice artist Nancy Cartwright blows an oblivious teen's mind as he tries to sell her cookies and she responds as Bart  'Poking fun of myself': Victoria Beckham reveals her fun side and smiles while on The Late Late Show Proved she really can smile! A rip-roaring time! Patrick Schwarzenegger steps out in distressed denims with blonde gal pal Abby Champion The actor son of Arnie Kate and William's choice of school for Prince George wrongfoots Royal Protection Command who expected him to follow in dad's footsteps  'My new life as a Fembot': Scantily-clad Gabi Grecko flaunts HUGE cleavage as she gyrates her nipple tassel covered breasts in 'art video' 'She is comfortable with an older guy': Jennifer Lawrence, 26, is 'mesmerized' by beau Darren Aronofsky, 48, as their relationship heats up  Ivanka takes unpaid job in her father's White House saying she has 'heard the concerns' over ethics - but lays herself open to new financial disclosure   Michael Moore blasts Trump on Twitter saying he will cause the extinction of the human race after nullifying Obama's commitments to curb carbon dioxide pollution  'Healthy is the new sexy': Kelly Rowland shows off her toned arms while sporting a slogan top and tights as she steps out in Bondi with husband Tim Weatherspoon George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz races to funeral after finding out about it at the last minute - but isn't allowed into the wake In London Good Morning America in revolt: New rumors of on-set feuding erupt over 'special treatment' Michael Strahan is receiving while co-stars are 'treated like dirt' Buckle up! Racy Perrie Edwards gets soaked in booze as Little Mix tease titillating Coyote Ugly-inspired music video for No More Sad Songs 'Nothing but respect for her': Oroton breaks its silence after controversial announcement that Rose Byrne will be dumped as ambassador Legs for days! Chloe Grace Moretz shows off her slim pins in tiny shorts as she leaves gym in West Hollywood The actress displayed her impressive physique Cara Delevingne teases her model figure in a semi-sheer crop top as she dresses up for NYC outing The British beauty looked slick  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Vanderpump Rules' Stassi Schroeder parades figure in nude swimsuit after finding body confidence with help of plastic surgery  Emily Ratajkowski struts in statement white boots and white trench coat as she shows off her model figure in LA Model behavior Kourtney Kardashian shows off tiny waist in clinging top and high-rise jeans as she leaves office in Calabasas She is a mom-of-three  Earl Spencer takes his (third) wife to the pictures: Couple visit event at the National Portrait Gallery  He is Princess Diana's brother Pregnant Amal Clooney is picture of elegance in red shift dress as she heads to work in London... after husband George gushed she is 'doing amazing' 'I spend less than five minutes in front of the mirror!' Follow actress and new mom Amanda Seyfried's beauty hacks so YOU can get out the door faster Judge dismisses Big Bang Theory 'Soft Kitty' copyright case Warner Bros has permission to use Edith Newlin's 1937 folk song Warm Kitty in 2007 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Cara Delevingne flashes sideboob and toned tummy in revealing vest top for Puma campaign She flashes a great deal of sideboob The Oscars will RETAIN PwC accounting firm despite epic Best Picture blunder involving Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway but cellphones will be banned backstage So happy! Emma Roberts wears her engagement ring as she breaks into laughter on a stroll with on-off fiancé Evan Peters  Out in SoHo in NYC Pulling a page out of the Housewives Playbook! Andy Cohen compares Donald Trump to the drama-stirring women of his beloved Bravo franchise in witty tweet  Lady in red: Crown Princess Mary brightens up the room in a stunning maroon get-up as she visits a school with Queen Mathilde of Belgium 'We've never been happier': Property Brothers' twins Drew and Jonathan Scott talk finding love and living together as family in their thirties  Sombre Queen Letizia comforts family members at the wake of King Felipe's great aunt, the Infanta Alicia of Spain who died yesterday aged 99 Life's a beach! Ireland Baldwin kicks off bikini season as she flashes toned physique during surfside photo shoot  She's Kim Basinger and Alec Baldwin's daughter Kate, Wills and Prince Harry team up with celebrities such as Professor Green and Ruby Wax for a series of films about mental health for their Heads Together campaign Queens of Instagram! Young royals Lady Amelia Windsor and Princess Olympia of Greece lead a cast of fresh faces starring in Dolce & Gabbana's new 'millennial' campaign The Mindy Project star Adam Pally 'arrested in New York for drug possession after getting caught with marijuana and cocaine' Busted! Today's headlines Most Read EXCLUSIVE - Ivanka's favorite sanctuary city: First Daughter escapes DC to attend glam party at Jared... REVEALED: 'Supermom' Sherri Papini who claimed she was kidnapped and tortured for 22 days last year was... Homeless Spitting Lady of the Upper East Side is arrested for 'spitting on a seven-year-old boy' and she has... Three-year-old boy freezes to death after wandering out of his North Carolina home on a freezing cold night  People in open relationships are HAPPIER than monogamous couples, study claims 'He has a story to tell and very much wants to tell it': Disgraced ex-national security adviser Mike Flynn... 'When you are given immunity you have probably committed a crime': Michael Flynn's 2016 comments come back... 'Follow the trail of dead Russians': Intelligence expert tells US Senate panel probing Trump election... 'Actually I'm not even mad': Secret Twitter account supposedly belonging to FBI director James Comey tweets... Top Democrat on House Intel 'perplexed' by White House invitation to view classified documents on the SAME... 'Watch my lips - NO': Vladimir Putin angrily denies claims Russia interfered in U.S. elections - and says... 'It's not political, it's our lives': Legendary actor and Parkinson's sufferer Michael J Fox hits out at... Why Trump is the Good Samaritan, by Lord Carey: Former Archbishop of Canterbury says the President has... Senate's blue wall begins to crumble as two Democrats say they'll support Trump's Supreme Court pick $3million real estate deal which Paul Manafort's son-in-law struck with Dustin Hoffman is set to collapse as... Doctor mom! Donald Trump Jr shares sweet picture of five-year-old son Tristan cuddling with mother Vanessa... 'Take your son and parents and FLEE!': Rosie O'Donnell urges Melania to divorce President Trump White House deputy chief of staff suspected of 'leaking all the time' to reporters departs for outside... EXCLUSIVE:  Ivanka Trump hit by ANOTHER claim of ripping off designs as she is accused of selling a coat... Trump continues to pound 'failing' NY Times as he renews warning about a change to libel laws after... Political consultants' group descends into chaos after giving Kellyanne Conway 'MVP political consultant'... King of Trump Castle: President planned to build a $200 million, 60-story fortress complete with a... VP Pence grins as he casts tie-breaking Senate vote allowing states to keep federal grant money away from... Widowed and bruised - but still smiling: American Westminster terror survivor poses in hospital robes for... Alarmed motorists called police to report an erratic pickup truck driver, 20, just moments before he crashed... Hoax of 'missing' girl who was actually hiding in a CLOSET for two months: Boyfriend of teen, 17, his mother... Israel approves the building of the first settlement in the occupied West Bank since 1999, despite the White... Venezuela's 'coup d'etat': Socialist President Maduro branded a 'dictator' after dissolving... 'I wasn't surprised - she had to do it': Thomas Cohen recalls the harrowing moment he found late wife... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE - Bird of paradise: Bikini-clad Megyn Kelly puts on a colorful display while flashing some skin as she snorkels out to sea in Hawaii (looking taut, toned and camera ready for NBC) FBI pictures reveal fiery aftermath and appalling destruction at the Pentagon on 9/11 - including remains of the plane hijacked by bin Laden's attackers Out on the town AGAIN! Malia Obama, 18, dines out with a friend at trendy Manhattan bar... just one night after being spotted with 23-year-old Stanford graduate  Snake gets its comeuppance after attacking a porcupine and getting pierced by spikes  EXCLUSIVE - Ivanka's favorite sanctuary city: First Daughter escapes DC to attend glam party at Jared Kushner parents' $12M Fifth Ave pad Senate's blue wall begins to crumble as two Democrats say they'll support Trump's Supreme Court pick Terrifying moment two hooded men break into a Washington home, corner a woman in her bathroom and rip off her jewelry as she pleads for her life 'You failed your wife, you failed your children': Husband weeps as he gets five years in prison for killing spouse in crash after driving car into canal while drunk and high as the two had sex 'I'm trying not to vomit or yell out Mosul': Outrage at Drexel University professor who said he was disgusted when a first-class flyer gave up his seat to a uniformed soldier 'I learned to keep my mouth shut': Fiancee of former NFL star Aaron Hernandez testifies she never pressed him on his friend being shot because she 'knew her role' Lucky to escape human traffickers... or jumping at shadows? Mom goes viral with harrowing tale of 'how her children were targeted by human traffickers in IKEA'  Florida Uber driver discovers her boyfriend is cheating on her when she drops off a female fare — at HIS apartment REVEALED: 'Supermom' Sherri Papini who claimed she was kidnapped and tortured for 22 days last year was reported to police 13 years ago for 'self-harming and trying to blame wounds on her mom'  Mommy blogger turned alt right poster girl: Mormon mom-of-six causes outrage by urging her thousands of followers to back her 'white baby challenge' and have children to stop 'black ghetto culture' Romanian 18-year-old girl claims she has sold her virginity for £2 MILLION - despite her parents' threats to disown her - after sordid four-month bidding spree  Couple accept family's offer for their home even though it was $112k under the highest bid because they sent them a heartfelt NOTE and photo Road to Damascus moment: Syrian millionaire, 38, GIVES AWAY his £2.5 million fortune to help others after abandoning playboy lifestyle following horrific crash in his £120,000 Ferrari  BREAKING NEWS: Sighting of schoolgirl, 15, kidnapped by her teacher, 50, at a Tennessee gas station' confirmed as a false alarm 'He has a story to tell and very much wants to tell it': Disgraced ex-national security adviser Mike Flynn offers to testify about the Trump administration's ties to Russia in exchange for immunity Woman, 36, is rescued after being imprisoned for 16 YEARS in a squalid 3x3 metre room by her family as punishment for falling pregnant at the age of 20 to a man she had a fling with Dirty video: Footage of a FILTHY car seat being deep-cleaned with a wet vacuum unexpectedly captivates (and horrifies) internet viewers 'Angel of Death' murderer who killed up to 87 people in the 1970s and '80s dies two days after being beaten 'by a fellow inmate' in his Ohio prison cell Russian 'Granny Ripper' is locked away for life for crushing 50 sleeping pills into her friend's salad before cutting her head off and boiling it  Hoax of 'missing' girl who was actually hiding in a CLOSET for two months: Boyfriend of teen, 17, his mother and two of his relatives are all arrested for helping Ohio girl pretend to her family that she had vanished  Live like a Wall Street financier: Disgraced hedge fund billionaire Philip Falcone puts his sprawling St. Barts mansion on the market for $57.4million Carly Simon's gay ex husband tells how he hid his homosexuality during their marriage, how she dressed as a Spanish prostitute to spy on him and describes his spiral into crack addiction From splendid costumes to bustling streets, newly uncovered photographs depict life across North Africa 125 years ago  'Watch my lips - NO': Vladimir Putin angrily denies claims Russia interfered in U.S. elections - and says claims are 'lies' for 'domestic political agendas' EXCLUSIVE:  Ivanka Trump hit by ANOTHER claim of ripping off designs as she is accused of selling a coat using trademarked fabrics MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu Passcode Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd EqualEd Voices Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Passcode Modern field guide to security and privacy PAID FOR AND POSTED BY Namecheap Will your website lose 'secure' status from Google? Here's a quick fix. Namecheap is stepping up to offer free replacements for SSL certificates—issued by other vendors—that will be nullified by Google Chrome developers. Namecheap @Namecheap March 30, 2017 —Google recently announced intentions to stop displaying the green “secure” bar for nearly 30,000 websites with mis-issued security certificates. Google will flag such sites as “untrusted.” Your website could be among those impacted if the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificate you purchased is now invalidated by Google. Green bar SSLs provide data encryption and reassure your customers that they’re on a trustworthy website. Because 84 percent of customers will abandon a non-secure transaction, you could be losing a lot of business without the green “secure” bar on your site. But don’t worry, Namecheap has you covered. If you currently have a single or multi domain SSL certificate from Symantec, GeoTrust, Thawte or RapidSSL, Namecheap will replace it with a free Comodo SSL for the duration of your SSL certificate. How does this work? Namecheap will swap out the time remaining on your current SSL certificates with a matching Comodo SSL. You don’t even need to be a current Namecheap customer. And the best part is there’s no credit card or payment required and no long-term commitment necessary to make the replacement. When the free replacement period for the Comodo SSL ends, we’ll email you with the option to extend with Namecheap for a competitive rate. And when you extend, there will be no additional paperwork required. Full details can be found here. So here’s an example... Let’s say you bought a SSL for your online shop through another provider. It expires in three months. By signing up with Namecheap now, you can replace that SSL with a Comodo SSL for those remaining three months for no additional cost or obligation. Once you sign up, Comodo will issue your site a new certificate for 24 or 36 months. At the end of the free period, you can choose to extend your SSL certificate. If you wish, you can let the certificate expire with no further obligation. Why choose Namecheap? Namecheap offers Comodo SSLs at the lowest prices. We also provide top-notch customer support available 24/7 to assist you. And Comodo SSL is the number one SSL Certificate Authority in the world, with SSL certificates that are recognized as secure across all browsers. So make sure your website stays protected. Get your free Comodo SSL today! Namecheap is an ICANN-accredited domain name registrar and web hosting company. Namecheap offers domain names, along with full-featured hosting packages, SSL certificates, WhoisGuard privacy protection service, and more. Follow them on Twitter @Namecheap. The content for this page was produced by Namecheap. The editorial staff of The Christian Science Monitor had no role in its preparation. Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe VR Hands-on with the updated Gear VR with controller Emily Ferron March 30, 2017 Based on quick hands-on (face-on?) time, the 2017 edition of the Gear VR probably isn't worth an upgrade (Credit: Will Shanklin/New Atlas) View gallery - 4 images The 2017 update of the Gear VR is just about here, and we spent some time with Samsung's incrementally-updated mobile VR headset – along with its new motion controller – at yesterday's Galaxy S8 launch event. The Gear headset – and mobile VR as a whole – isn't advancing as quickly as one might hope. This is the third consumer edition of the Gear VR, and it's barely different from the second one, which itself was a minor iteration over the first. Sick of Ads? More than 700 New Atlas Plus subscribers read our newsletter and website without ads. Join them for just US$19 a year.More Information The standout feature of this new model is a wand-like motion controller, which appears to be a direct response to Google Daydream View and its bundled controller. But unfortunately Samsung didn't take a cue from Google on price: The Daydream set costs US$79, while this year's Gear VR and controller are $129. The controller does have slightly more going on than Google's ultra-minimal one: Samsung's adds trigger buttons, as well as home and back shortcuts, in addition to a trackpad. During our demo, however, we experienced major tracking glitches with the controller, with the cursor choppily jumping from one point to the next. In Samsung's defense, we suspect Bluetooth interference in the crowded demo area had everything to do with that. In terms of fit, looks and feel, the headset has made few changes. Like the 2016 model, the new Gear VR has a roomy interior and the same 101° field of view. So despite the larger screen on the 6.2-in Galaxy S8+, the headset's FOV doesn't appear to be stretching beyond what we've seen previously. Nor have there been any improvements in weight or fit. Ultimately it feels like the same Gear VR experience. We'll reserve judgment for a full review, but from where we stand the new Gear VR looks like a pass for anyone who owns a previous model. If you want the new controller, you'll be able to buy it individually for $39. It works with any of the old Gear VR headsets. (It pairs with the phone, so the headset you're using is irrelevant.) On the other hand, if you already have a separate gamepad, you may want to wait and see if developers come up with some kind of compelling in-game use for the wand shape. Considering the current Gear VR content library, there's not an apparent advantage to us quite yet. The new Gear VR with bundled controller (and controller sold separately) launches on April 21, alongside the Galaxy S8. The new model works with not just the S8 and S8+, but also the Galaxy S7, S7 edge, Note 5, S6 and S6 Edge+. (Note that last year's Gear VR also works with the Galaxy S8 phones, using the included USB-C adapter that was originally intended for the Note 7.) If you're thinking about upgrading to one of Samsung's new flagship smartphones, you can check out New Atlas' hands-on with the Galaxy S8 and S8+ Product page: Samsung View gallery - 4 images Hands-on with the updated Gear VR with controller 1 / 4 Demoing the headset and controller at the Unpacked launch event (Credit: Will Shanklin/New Atlas) Based on quick hands-on (face-on?) time, the 2017 edition of the Gear VR probably isn't worth an upgrade (Credit: Will Shanklin/New Atlas) Looking into the Gear VR (Credit: Will Shanklin/New Atlas) 2017 Gear VR (Credit: Will Shanklin/New Atlas) Tags #VR #Samsung #Virtual Reality #Samsung Gear VR #Mobile VR Share this article Show 2 comments   Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Unrivaled beauty, but is it more than skin deep? Cyborg dad talks sonar implants, Lovetron9000 and the fight to keep his kids FDA approves first drug to fight severe forms of MS Strange behavior of light particles challenges quantum theory Sponsored Content Recommended for you Sponsored Content Latest in VR Hands-on with the updated Gear VR with controller 3D modeling comes to the HTC Vive Rock Band VR lands on the Oculus Rift Disney software allows users to catch real balls in VR Nintendo Switch offers an ideal blueprint for mass-consumer VR Oculus Rift can now take you to the International Space Station Facebook 360 brings its immersive videos to Gear VR VR provides distraction therapy for chemo patients Room-scale or standing VR? Why all that walking around may be overrated Oculus incentives are a perk, but aren't enough to make VR mainstream High-end VR just got cheaper: Oculus gives Rift and Touch a permanent price cut Review: Robo Recall for Oculus Rift is the most fun you can have in VR today Editors Choice The truth about Satan: Nuclear war in the 21st century Compare the latest tech gear In pictures: Pretty, weird and pretty weird bikes from NAHBS 2017 Interview: The bold plan to build the world’s first ship tunnel In pictures: One more look at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show for the road Getting out of Auto: Understanding the exposure triangle In photos: Exotic sports car madness at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show What will the James Webb Space Telescope reveal about the newly discovered exoplanets? Zoltan Istvan on transhumanism, politics and why the human body has to go Flight of the Blackbird: The how, what and why of the incredible SR-71 In pictures: The best of The Photography Show 2017 Counting the days: Our five most anticipated upcoming buildings Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Namecheap Offers Free Comodo SSLs for Symantec Customers News provided by Namecheap Mar 30, 2017, 14:19 ET Share this article Free SSLs allow continuation of 'trusted site status' on Google  NEW YORK, March 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Namecheap.com is offering current Symantec customers an opportunity to replace all single- or multi-domain SSL certificates with a free matching Comodo SSL covering the remaining time on their current SSL.   Namecheap is making this offer in response to the March 24th announcement from Google of their intention to discontinue the trusted status for Symantec SSLs. As a result of this change, Chrome browsers will stop displaying the 'green bar' for sites using Symantec SSLs and will flag these sites as untrusted.  Namecheap is an organization that deeply believes in online privacy, security, freedom and equal treatment for all internet users. This offer would help to ease concerns from current Symantec customers. Customers can go to https://www.namecheap.com/security/symantec-ssl-certificate-free-replacement/ and get a free Comodo SSL to be used on the same domain as their existing Symantec single or multi domain SSL. No credit card or payment is necessary to make this switch, nor will any long-term commitment be required. When users sign up, Comodo will issue a new certificate for 24 or 36 months, depending on the level of validation, for each SSL. At the end of the free period, users will be able to extend their SSL or they may walk away with no further obligation and the certificate will be revoked. This deal is valid for Symantec, GeoTrust, Thawte, RapidSSL single- or multi-domain SSLs. Namecheap will have customer support available 24/7 to assist with questions.  Get more information about Namecheap's free Comodo SSLs, including an FAQ, at https://www.namecheap.com/security/symantec-ssl-certificate-free-replacement/ . About Namecheap: Namecheap is an ICANN-accredited domain registrar, founded in 2000 by CEO Richard Kirkendall. With over 7.5 million domains under management and over 2 million direct customers, Namecheap is one of the top domain registrars and web hosting providers in the world. To learn more, visit https://www.namecheap.com. Media Contact: Ziggy Chau Head of Public Relations - Namecheap Inc. ziggy.chau@namecheap.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/namecheap-offers-free-comodo-ssls-for-symantec-customers-300432082.html SOURCE Namecheap Related Links https://www.namecheap.com Mar 10, 2016, 10:00 ET Preview: Namecheap Tackles SXSWi With "Where's Wesley?" Challenge My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Namecheap Offers Free Comodo SSLs for Symantec Customers News provided by Namecheap Mar 30, 2017, 14:19 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home Photos XML Contact Us News Maps Travel India Info Games Education Self Help Recipes Names Astrology Home » News » Computer News » Google launches Knowledge Graph in Bengali language Google launches Knowledge Graph in Bengali language 1 day ago | 30-03-2017 | ANI New Delhi , Mar. 30 : In an attempt to assist Bengali speakers discover new information quickly, Google on Wednesday announced the introduction of Knowledge Graph in Bengali language on Google Search. Google Search will now also support spell correction for Bengali queries improving the Search experience for the millions of Bengali speakers around the world. The Knowledge Graph enables users to search for things, people or places that Google knows about-landmarks, celebrities, cities, sports teams, buildings, geographical features, movies, celestial objects, works of art and more. The feature allows users to get straight to the answer and displays other relevant information. To help users get answers even when they misspell a word, Google Search will now support spell correction for Bengali queries, suggesting similar queries whenever a typo made its way into users search query. Google has already begun to gradually roll-out the Knowledge Graph in Bengali and will be made available to users around the world. Google Knowledge Graph is currently available in 41 languages and maps out how more than one billion things in the real world are connected and over 70 billion facts about them. It is tuned based on what people search for, and what Google find out on the web, improving results over time. Previous News Next News Top Stories Now, a 'faster' single-pixel camera Soon, we'll be watching videos from NASA's next-gen Orion in ultra-HD Reusable carbon nanotubes, the next-gen water filter? iRobot upgrades iRobot HOME App, expands customer base in India Most Read Watch out for these upcoming Indian artists Believing in sexual compatibility takes toll on your sex life Female weed smokers at high risk of failing addiction treatments Here's how birds of a feather communicate while flocking together News Categories World India Business Sports Bollywood Hollywood Television Education Health Technology Automobile Travel Computer Features Agriculture Bank News Telecom Literature Fashion Middle East United Kingdom United States More News Andhra Pradesh Gujarat Kerala Karnataka Maharashtra Orissa Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu West Bengal More Regional Tamil Cinema Telugu Cinema Malayalam Cine Quick Links News Maps Travel India Info Games Education Self Help Recipes Names Astrology © Copyright 2017 newkerala.com. All rights reserved. | CONTACT US
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Google Is Giving Away a Free Android App Every Week Tech News Android Google Is Giving Away a Free Android App Every Week Dave Parrack 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Listening to Music Entertainment 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Listening to Music Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Creative Smart Home Ideas Anyone Can Recreate Smart Home Creative Smart Home Ideas Anyone Can Recreate Bryan Wolfe March 30, 2017 30-03-2017 7 minutes Creative Smart Home Ideas Anyone Can Recreate Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Haven’t jumped on the smart home bandwagon yet? Don’t yet understand why products like smart bulbs and speakers with digital voice assistants have grown in popularity? There are a lot of arguments for turning your house into a smart home. You can save on energy consumption, automate irritating daily tasks, and make life a little bit easier for everyone. Smart homes can go far beyond the basics, though! With a little effort and creativity, and using the same common devices you may already own, smart homes can also be innovative, interesting, and beautiful. In this article, you’ll learn more about creative ways that experienced smart home owners use popular home products. These products include Amazon Alexa, Nanoleaf Aurora, Google Home, Philips Hue, and CleverPet. 1. Amazon Alexa First launched in late 2014, the $180 Amazon Echo is a 9.25-inch hands-free wireless speaker you control with your voice Amazon Echo Has an Awesome New Wake Word Amazon Echo Has an Awesome New Wake Word Until now, Amazon's Echo has only had three wake words. They've just added a fourth, which is a real treat for Star Trek fans. Here's how to start using it. Read More . Thanks to the voice command technology called “Alexa,” what’s inside Amazon Echo is now available on other devices too, including the Amazon Fire TV, Amazon Echo Dot, and Amazon Tap. With an Alexa-enabled device in your home, you can perform many tasks. The following real-world examples showcase some original ways you can integrate Alexa into your lifestyle. “Irish lad, video maker, baby maker & dog collector” Jonathan Saccone and his wife have an Amazon Echo positioned in the most important room in their home –– the kitchen. With the speaker they can order an Uber, purchase a gift card for an arriving guest, and learn the time for dinner. And, the video below is evidence that they can do all of this while carrying their two small children. Thanks for the assistant #AmazonUK our lives are now more organised! #ad #AskAlexa #AmazonEcho A post shared by Jonathan Saccone Joly (@jonathanjoly) on Dec 17, 2016 at 8:40am PST Yoan Andreev uses Alexa’s home automation integration to control lights all around his house and the temperature on his spa heater. His video presentation gives you an idea of what Alexa can do and why buying smart lights might be a good choice, depending on your situation. Meanwhile, Instagram user Artnsole has a lot to say about food, today’s political scene, and more. For a little one in Artnsole’s family, however, it’s all about listening to Christmas music on Amazon Echo, regardless of the season. Whelp. We are approaching February. And we are STILL singing Jingle Bells. ?????????????? #AmazonEcho #WhatLoveLooksLikeToday #ChristmasIsOver ?? A post shared by Rachel (@artnsole) on Jan 25, 2017 at 4:49pm PST Amazon Alexa seems to get smarter with each new software update Alexa Can Now Order Takeout From Amazon Alexa Can Now Order Takeout From Amazon You can now order a takeaway meal from Amazon Restaurants using nothing other than Alexa and your own voice. Which is perfect for those people who are too lazy to cook. Read More . It can now respond to thousands of questions and commands 20 Echo Skills That Show Alexa's Not Always So Smart 20 Echo Skills That Show Alexa's Not Always So Smart Despite all the things that you can do with Alexa out of the box, its extensibility via Skills is far more intriguing. Here are 20 Echo Skills that may surprise you! Read More , big and small. YouTuber PhoneBuff showcases 50 random questions Alexa has answers for, including how many calories are in a slice of pizza, whether aliens are real, and more. 2. Nanoleaf Aurora The $200 Nanoleaf Aurora is one of those smart products that you have to see to believe. It’s a modular LED panel lighting system that lets you experiment with light in fun, imaginative ways. The Aurora Smarter Kit comes with nine triangular panels, which you can connect to form different designs either on a wall or another surface in your home. You can connect up to 30 panels to the same power kit, as demonstrated in the following examples. From Switzerland comes this playful post from Dom~Domenico. As you can see, his Aurora is both sophisticated and colorful, acting as an interactive art installation. Even his monochromic furry friend appears to love the new lighting artwork! #myaurora @nanoleaf pic.twitter.com/5BAVwPFY2A — Dom~Domenico (@iDetajjjl) March 19, 2017 Santa is to thank for Thea Shannon’s new household toy, calling the Aurora the “Best Christmas present ever! Still so much fun!” Their design shows that there are limitless opportunities to be creative with this smart home product! Best Christmas present ever! Still so much fun! @nanoleaf #myaurora #mostfun #giveaway #smarthome #partylights #thankyousanta A post shared by Thea Shannon (@later.thea) on Feb 13, 2017 at 10:31pm PST Ready to see an Aurora in action? Take a look at this video from J. Estrada and notice how the lights are in constant motion. They’re controllable via the free Nanoleaf app. You can also control the lights using Apple HomeKit and Siri Alexa, How Does Siri Work? Voice Control Explained Alexa, How Does Siri Work? Voice Control Explained The world is moving towards voice commands for everything, but how exactly does voice control work? Why is it so glitchy and restricted? Here's what you need to know as a layman user. Read More , Amazon Alexa, or Android. Starting off 2017 with a new light setup ?#nanoleaf #nanoleafaurora A post shared by J Estrada (@stuntf50ster) on Jan 2, 2017 at 2:32pm PST Finally, if you like Aurora’s look, but would rather not put it on your wall, consider this idea from Dong Wook. His lights sit on his livingroom coffee table for an interesting effect. This is also a great option for renters, who may be hesitant to put marks on an apartment’s walls! #??? #??? #????? #???? #nanoleaf #myaurora #??????? A post shared by Dong Wook (Donavan) Kwak (@jm8.kr) on Feb 3, 2017 at 5:54am PST 3. Google Home First introduced in late 2016, the $129 Google Home is Alphabet Inc’s answer to the Amazon Echo Amazon Echo vs. Google Home vs. Apple's Competitor Amazon Echo vs. Google Home vs. Apple's Competitor In this article, you'll learn the differences between the Amazon Echo and Google Home. We'll also take a look at what features an Apple speaker may include. Read More . The oddly shaped device looks a lot like a two-toned air freshener. Like Alexa, Google Home offers a voice assistant to answer your questions. Aptly named Google Assistant, the speaker uses natural language processing, intended to improve reliability. Google Home is certainly chatty, and it also likes to play music, as it’s compatible with Google Music, YouTube Red, Spotify, Pandora, and TuneIn. Here are some interesting ways that others are using the device. On the integration side, Google Home loves playing with Samsung’s SmartThings and other smart products. In the following video, Keith Credendino demonstrates how his Google Home works with SmartThings, IFTTT, and Harmony Hub. One of the benefits of using Google Home is its ability to play music, podcasts, or radio across multiple devices. In doing so, you can enjoy the same content in every room in your home, as this quick video from Ken Karpenter shows: Finally, are you looking for Google Home commands? Be sure to visit HomeAutomationX on YouTube, or check out this video for five helpful commands you can use right now: 4. Philips Hue Philips Hue is the leader in smart lighting technology 4 Ways Philips Hue Can Push Your Lighting to the Next Level 4 Ways Philips Hue Can Push Your Lighting to the Next Level Without Philips Hue, however, the smart home concept might never have gotten off the ground. Here are some cool ways to make use of them. Read More . Its lineup of smart bulbs (prices vary), and other lighting accessories can change the look of a room with a few presses on your iPhone or by using your voice with Apple HomeKit or Amazon Alexa. What I’ve always liked about Philip Hue is its ease of use. Just plug in the hub to your home’s Wi-Fi, begin adding lights, and you’re ready to go. Here are some examples of how others are using this technology. One of the advantages of using Philips Hue is its ability to sync with your tunes. YouTuber Big Wax takes full advantage of his lighting system in the video below. Yo @philipshue @tweehue I love your product and I think I am working on your theme song. Get back at me! #philipshue #brightenalife A post shared by Wax (@bigwax) on Oct 28, 2016 at 10:26am PDT In the below image from Axley T, you can’t even see the Philip Hue bulbs. Instead, this image shows how adding a few well-positioned lights can add color to a statement piece in your home. In this case, they certainly add new dimensions to to a featured piece of art. Let's put a smile on that face ? . . . . . #joker #jokerart #jaredleto #jaredletojoker #jacknicolson #jacknicolsonjoker #markhamill #markhamilljoker #cesarromero #cesarromerojoker #dccomics #batman #batmanart #portraitart #portraitdrawing #portrait #sketch #fanart #illustration #comicart #pencildrawing #jokerquotes #suicidésquad #thedarkknight #nawden #philipshue #art #artistoninstagram #artistofinstagram A post shared by Axley Thien (@axley_t) on Mar 22, 2017 at 6:02am PDT Finally, Adrian Black 8 Fabulous Apps for Philips Hue Lights 8 Fabulous Apps for Philips Hue Lights The Philips Hue system has its own app, but why settle for the default when there's so many cooler options out there? These 8 apps give you fabulous options for some really cool effects. Read More  explains how easy it is to combine Philips Hue with third-party apps 8 Fabulous Apps for Philips Hue Lights 8 Fabulous Apps for Philips Hue Lights The Philips Hue system has its own app, but why settle for the default when there's so many cooler options out there? These 8 apps give you fabulous options for some really cool effects. Read More , thanks to its many integrations. This video is a great example of how experienced smart home owners individualize their lighting set-ups to best suit their personal needs. 5. CleverPet Finally, we’ll round out your smart home tour with a smart home device that will keep your pets happy and you smiling. It’s the CleverPet, an automatic dog feeder that also acts as a toy. To get started, all you have to do is connect the CleverPet hub to your home network, fill the bowl with your pup’s favorite food, then step back and enjoy. The following are two hilarious examples of how your smart home can be set up not only to benefit its human occupants, but also your pets. First up are Athena Angelic’s Devo and Lucy, who only started using CleverPet in February 2017. As you can see, both dogs are having a lot of fun: Unlike Devo and Lucy, Ripley has already become a CleverPet expert. The dog is also a ham for the cameras, no? It’s All About Automation and Having Fun There’s a lot of smart home devices on the market, but the way you use them can vary greatly. Think of the devices themselves like building blocks — they have a lot of potential, but the look of the final product is entirely up to you! In this article, you learned a little bit more about five of those products from the people who use them every day in different ways. Which of these smart home devices do you hope to use soon? Have you come up with any innovative ways to use the products on this list? Let us know using the comments below. Previous PostWhy the Ecobee3 Smart Thermostat Should Be Your First HomeKit Device 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Bryan Wolfe 84 articles Hello everyone! I love new technology. My focus is on Apple and Windows-based products, as well as smart home gadgets. When I'm not playing around with the newest smartphone or tablet, you'll find me watching Netflix, HBO, or AMC. Or test driving cars. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Aerix Vidius HD Budget FPV/VR Streaming Drone Aerix Vidius HD Budget FPV/VR Streaming Drone ILIFE A6 Robot Vacuum Review (and Giveaway) ILIFE A6 Robot Vacuum Review (and Giveaway) Xiaomi Yeelight Smart Wi-Fi Light Strip Review & Giveaway Xiaomi Yeelight Smart Wi-Fi Light Strip Review & Giveaway Advertisement Trending Google Is Giving Away a Free Android App Every Week Tech News Android Google Is Giving Away a Free Android App Every Week How to Identify Which Chrome Tabs Are Wasting RAM and CPU Resources Internet How to Identify Which Chrome Tabs Are Wasting RAM and… Are You Wrong? 5 Sites to Find Out Internet Are You Wrong? 5 Sites to Find Out Advertisement Related Articles Raising Smart Kids in Smart Homes: Ideas for Parents Smart Home Raising Smart Kids in Smart Homes: Ideas for Parents Xiaomi Yeelight Smart Wi-Fi Light Strip Review & Giveaway Product Reviews Smart Home Xiaomi Yeelight Smart Wi-Fi Light Strip Review & Giveaway Control Your Lights Like a Geek With These Arduino Projects DIY Smart Home Control Your Lights Like a Geek With These Arduino Projects Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google delaying Android Wear 2.0 update rollout while it fixes a bug Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | March 30, 2017 0 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               Google announced nearly two months ago that it was going to begin pushing the Android Wear 2.0 update to existing watches, but since then, few watches have actually been updated. Now we know why. Google has confirmed that it found a bug during its final testing of the Android Wear 2.0 update, and that that bug has delayed the rollout to most devices. There are a few lucky watches that are now receiving their Android Wear 2.0 updates, though, and they are the Fossil Q Founder, Casio Smart Outdoor Watch WSD-F10, and the TAG Heuer Connected. Here’s Google’s full statement to Wareable about this Android Wear 2.0 bug: "We have started rolling out the Android Wear 2.0 update to Fossil Q Founder, Casio Smart Outdoor Watch WSD-F10 and Tag Heuer Connected. For other devices, the update is currently being delayed due to a bug found in final testing. We will push the update to the remaining devices as soon as the issue is resolved." Android Wear 2.0 brings with it several notable features and improvements, like an on-watch Play Store and a keyboard for message replies. It’s kind of a bummer that most Android Wear watches are still waiting to get their 2.0 update with these features, but it’s better for Google to have found this bug and delayed the rollout so that it can be fixed, rather than Google just pushing the update and then users having to live with the bug while Google works on a fix. Source:  Wareable Android Android Wear Wearables Google Previous ArticleSamsung Galaxy S8 Microsoft Edition being sold at Microsoft stores Next ArticleFacebook launching personal fundraisers to help you raise money for a cause Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Samsung Galaxy S8 Microsoft Edition being sold at Microsoft stores Did you buy a Nintendo Switch? T-Mobile Onesie is a high-tech, full-body wearable View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A30 Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel GO FLIP Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung ANS H450R Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry KEYone BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life One X2 BLU Life One X2 Mini BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio J5 BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Avail Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P10 Huawei P10 Plus Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch Huawei Watch 2 i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aristo LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG G6 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K20 plus LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG Phoenix 3 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Risio LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spree LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Stylo 3 LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto G5 Moto G5 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Polaroid A4 Polaroid A5 Polaroid A6 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal Z-320 ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 6GB AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Unlimited AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited AT&T Unlimited Choice AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Plus AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $11 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $125 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $13 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Prepaid T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Gentle TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details Twigby 1000 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 200 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 500 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby Unlimited Talk and Text U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 5GB Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Unlimited Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB334MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB834MB900MB938MB2083MB1250MB1667MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Samsung Galaxy S8+ Impressions! Marco Hanna 1 day 3 hours ago 1 shares 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Samsung Galaxy S8 Impressions! Marco Hanna 1 day 7 hours ago 22 shares 15 5 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 (RED) iPhone: Should you buy or donate? Marco Hanna 4 days 2 hours ago 320 shares 312 7 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 LG G6 Unboxing! Marco Hanna 6 days 3 hours ago 26 shares 23 2 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 22 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 22 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG V20 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 3 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: One Year Later 9 shares 2 5 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 Android 7.0 Nougat on OnePlus 3T 10 shares 2 3 0 0 0 0 2 2 1 Best Tech of January 2017! 13 shares 10 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG V20 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ US Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Samsung Gear S3 Classic with 4G AT&T GoPhone unlimited data AT&T announces LG G6 launch AT&T GoPhone launching new AT&T giving DirecTV Now Sprint News Sprint announces Galaxy S8 launch Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Sprint Direct 2 You phone setup Sprint LG G6 launching on April 7 Cell Phone Deals March 2017 Digest Sprint improving Unlimited Freedom Sprint HTC 10 and AT&T LG G5 T-Mobile News T-Mobile Onesie is a high-tech, Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ US T-Mobile launches a trio of new T-Mobile adds AppleCare to JUMP! Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, T-Mobile Scam ID and Scam Block Samsung Gear S3 Classic with 4G Verizon Wireless Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ US Verizon HTC 10 receiving Android Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Samsung Gear S3 Classic with 4G Verizon launching Samsung Galaxy Verizon LG G6 arriving on March 30 Verizon LG G6 pre-order and PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Technology giants pledge to work together to tackle online terrorist content By Press Association Published: 15:23 EDT, 30 March 2017 | Updated: 15:23 EDT, 30 March 2017 e-mail Technology giants have pledged to join forces in efforts to tackle terrorist content online following a summit with the Home Secretary. Facebook, Google, Twitter and Microsoft committed to explore options for a cross-industry forum and step up collaboration on technical tools that aim to identify and remove extremist propaganda. The plans were announced after a meeting between senior executives from the four firms, as well as figures from other companies, and Home Secretary Amber Rudd. Home Secretary welcomes commitment of Communication Service Providers to tackle terrorist propaganda online https://t.co/Ffo4fBzvPx pic.twitter.com/7xbhq046Ip— Home Office (@ukhomeoffice) March 30, 2017 A number of platforms have repeatedly faced calls to do more to stop terror-related videos and pages spreading on the web. The debate flared up last week after it emerged that information on how to mount an attack was easily accessible in the wake of Westminster terrorist Khalid Masood’s murderous rampage. In a joint statement after the meeting, bosses from Facebook, Google, Twitter and Microsoft said they would “encourage the further development of technical tools to identify and remove terrorist propaganda”. “Companies apply unique content policies and have developed – and continue to develop – techniques appropriate for or unique to their own platforms,” they said. Facebook “Nonetheless, there is a significant opportunity to share the knowledge gained in these varied efforts to develop innovative solutions.” The companies will also explore the creation of a new forum to increase collaboration within the industry. They said: “Companies increasingly share best practices with one another, and we have seen that sharing lessons learned across sectors can improve our collective response to this challenge. Each of our companies also commits to urgently improve that collaboration.” The internet giants also outlined two further goals – more support for “younger” companies on how to counter terrorist material online, and to “promote alternative and counter-narratives” through civil society organisations. Google Ms Rudd reported that it was a “useful discussion”, and welcomed the commitment to set up a cross-industry forum. The Home Secretary said: “My starting point is pretty straightforward. I don’t think that people who want to do us harm should be able to use the internet or social media to do so. I want to make sure we are doing everything we can to stop this. “In taking forward this work I’d like to see the industry to go further and faster in not only removing online terrorist content but stopping it going up in the first place. (Gareth Fuller/PA) “I’d also like to see more support for smaller and emerging platforms to do this as well, so they can no longer be seen as an alternative shop floor by those who want to do us harm”. The Home Secretary also raised concerns about the issue of encryption and warned that there should be no safe space for terrorists to communicate online. “I am clear that Government and industry need to work more closely together on this issue so that law enforcement and the intelligence agencies can get access to the data they need to keep us safe,” she said. Further meetings are planned to further address this issue. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Thomas Cohen recalls the harrowing moment he found late wife Peaches Geldof's body... as he laments sons being alive more years than they knew her  Proportion parade! Kim Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans EXCLUSIVE: Gaunt Brad Pitt looks a shadow of his former self in shock new pictures as split from Angelina Jolie takes a toll Is Lauren masking a bump? Shy Goodger 'confirms pregnancy' in deleted tweet after hiding under a sheet... despite denying she's been intimate with Joey All that glitters! Khloe Kardashian shows off her INCREDIBLE figure in a sparkly sheer one-piece during sexy photoshoot Stunning She's cracked it! Mum blogger Clemmie Telford taste tests M&S Easter eggs and picks the PERFECT chocolate treat for everyone in her life SPONSORED This Morning's Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield accused of being 'condescending' towards ex Dawson Creek star James Van Der Beek Mel B is left 'livid' at Victoria Beckham's Carpool Karaoke... as she 'accuses former bandmate of using Spice Girls' music to boost profile' Cheeky girl! Shanina Shaik shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she frolics on the beach at WAGS star Nicole Williams' bachelorette party 'I still feel very warm towards her': Russell Brand on how fame wrecked his marriage to Katy Perry, his 'giddy love' for daughter Mabel and love for her mother Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley glows as she displays her blossoming bump in figure-hugging frilled pink dress at Seoul Fashion Week Could Katie Price be in hot water over topless sunbathing? Glamour model 'bends strict Maldivian nudity law' to tan her 32GG chest Flouted the rules Her favorite Legend! Chrissy Teigen shows off cute daughter Luna as she goes on Hollywood shopping spree Just Ordinary People 'Shame on you': John Legend defends Kim Kardashian after nasty dig on Twitter about her plans to have more children  Lashed out  'The little dancing feet have arrived': Strictly's Anton Du Beke, 50, welcomes twins with girlfriend Hannah Summers, 41 Happy news 'We were a mess': Lauren Pope reveals TOWIE scenes were often cut because she and ex co-star Lauren Goodger went to filming DRUNK after nights out . 'Here we go again!' Westlife's Kian Egan and wife Jodi Albert announce they're expecting their third child Growing brood Bronze ambition! Ferne McCann shows off her stunning figure in a metallic bikini as she posts yet another sizzling snap from her Maldives holiday Jeremy McConnell shares heartwarming family portrait with ex Stephanie Davis and their son Caben-Albi... amid turbulent 'assault' row  Imogen Thomas shows off her sensational curves in brightly coloured one-piece as she exhibits her very best gymnastics moves on Miami beach 'The wheels are falling off a bit!' Mel C, 43, reveals she's feeling the physical effects of ageing... after years of embracing ultra fit Sporty Spice image Red hot! Kelly Bensimon flaunts her ample assets in plunging swimsuit as she takes a dip on vacation in Florida Winter and war comes to Westeros in dark and brooding teaser with Kit Harington, Emilia Clarke and Lena Headey for Game Of Thrones' seventh season  Alesha Dixon looks summery in a vest top as she joins long term boyfriend at star-studded Thorpe Park launch A wild ride Abs-olutely ripped! Lily Collins shows off impressively toned torso in black sports bra and sheer leggings while on coffee run in LA Svelte physique She's eclectic! Claudia Winkleman looks typically striking in camouflage jacket and jeans as she steps out at National Geographic's Genius premiere Babymoon bliss! Heavily pregnant Lauren Conrad shares peek of her baby bump while enjoying beach break before birth  One last relaxing trip Former Made In Chelsea star Nicola Hughes slips into a sweet floral shirt dress for Benefit beauty preview party Ripe for a joke! Giggly Victoria Beckham lets her guard down on James Corden's Late Show as she gets fruit thrown at her in a game of Flinch Marnie Simpson hides her curves under a coat dress cover up... hours after fans accuse her of altering raunchy naked shot Unusually demure  What a babe! Olivia Wilde swaps her graphic T-shirt for a purple unicorn top as she heads to Life Itself set Busy filming the new movie Lucy Mecklenburgh stands out from the crowd in a fluffy jacket and sky-high heels as she is reunited with ex-TOWIE co-star Lydia Bright Mila Kunis reveals she's content with her 'perfect' family with Ashton Kutcher and has no plans for more kids Parents to a son and daughter Pretty in patterns! Jasmine Tookes turns heads as she shows off impressive abs in crocheted crop top after lunch in LA Always in style Birthday girl Ashley James flaunts her fantastic figure in a busty glittering crop top as she celebrates her 30th with star-studded bash 'I fancied her so much': Jack Whitehall reveals he 'found it hard to control' his schoolboy crush on Eva Longoria at Decline And Fall filming Tamara Ecclestone looks busty in a black maxi sundress as she gets back into LA life with daughter Sophia Every inch the Hollywood mum 'I'm going to try to have one more baby': Kim Kardashian reveals last-ditch plan to have surgery on uterus despite doctor's warnings Squad goals! Kourtney Kardashian cuts a stylish display in striped duster as she steps out with Larsa Pippen Seems closer to Kim's BFF than ever Ready for war! Blac Chyna heads to court in camouflage after Tyga 'threatens lawsuit' over her claims he has not been paying child support Catherine Zeta-Jones exudes old Hollywood glamour in chic brown trousers, shirt and blazer as she steps out in NYC after promoting new TV drama Pippa signs up Posh and Becks' PR mastermind for advice in the run-up to her wedding to hedge fund millionaire  Used to posh clients Wonder in white! Halle Berry goes braless under thin lacy poncho as she shares VERY sexy snap on Instagram Wowed fans  Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley cuddles up to cute son Alfie as she joins co-star Kym Marsh at LEGOLAND discovery launch Cara Delevingne looks white hot in gold studded trousers as she promotes her new sci-fi film.. after revealing she will SHAVE her head for next movie role 'That changes everything': Jessica Biel makes a surprising discovery about her ancestor in sneak peek of Who Do You Think You Are 'She couldn't beat me on her best day': Danielle Armstrong takes another swipe at ex James' new girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou... as their feud escalates Cindy Crawford, 51, shows off her age defying figure in leggings and a cowboy hat as she steps out in Malibu  'The only thing we ran out of is time': Usher pays homage to his late stepson on his 16th birthday with tribute on Instagram Honoured late stepson  Damian Lewis swaps the hedge fund high life in TV hit Billions for low key West End play as he treads the boards in The Goat or Who is Sylvia? 'I know what you've done': Naomi Watts stars in intense trailer to new film The Book of Henry, which sees her transform from single mother to sniper Jennifer Lopez sued by hoverboard company that supplied 42 scooters for dancing in Las Vegas residency show Emotional Holly Willoughby breaks down in tears live on TV and is unable to move onto next segment as sepsis campaigner speaks of loss of her son Coronation treat! Soap star Tina O'Brien is joined by fiancé Adam Crofts and their two-year old son Beau as they step out for lunch Family day out She Shore makes an impression! Geordie newbie Chelsea Barber bares unsupported assets as pal yanks her top during star-studded night on the town PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Has Francesca Eastwood gone under the knife? Clint's daughter reveals VERY perky new figure in Malibu That photo is SO last century! Mandy Moore posts ultimate TBT pic with Justin Timberlake from 1999 Fresh faced  Katie Price slips into a colourful retro bikini as she continues family getaway... as she's slammed for sharing 'inappropriate' shot of daughter Princess, 9 Love/Hate, Actually: Susanna Reid REJECTED a role in the Love Actually sequel for Comic Relief because of GMB 'TV husband' Piers Morgan 'I was close to a breakdown': Linda Robson admits she was too 'ashamed' to tell anyone after racking up thousands in debt Spending habit Made In Chelsea's Tiffany Watson goes topless in a peachy shower snap from Mauritius holiday Paradise vacation She's not shellfish! Katie Salmon treats onlookers to an eyeful as tries on a range of racy beachwear while preparing for Miss Swimsuit UK Are iguanas that live off their own bones the cure for obesity? CHRISTOPER STEVENS reviews last night's TV Blake Lively wraps up in heavy coat and hoodie as she steps out with husband Ryan Reynolds... and his BFF Jake Gyllenhaal tags along too Special delivery! Khloe Kardashian indulges in decadent chocolate dipped strawberries sent by boyfriend Tristan Thompson Delicious treat 'I've given up on jewellery or clothes!' Justin Theroux reveals he recently bought wife Jennifer Aniston a Snuggie and 'amazing' flip flops  'I think about EVERYTHING I post on soicial media': Plus-size model Iskra Lawrence talks about the pressures of being a body-positive role model McLeaning up his act: WAG Nicola and her love rat husband Tom Williams look loved up at Disney On Ice with sons ahead of vow renewal Rebuilding relationship 'My finger's fatter than I thought': Dave Franco reveals why he isn't wearing his wedding band weeks after secretly tying the knot with Alison Brie   Jagger's girl climbs into pole position: Georgia May shows off her moves in snap posted on Instagram  Effortless exercise It's a ruff life! Lizzie Cundy turns heads as she dons a perilously plunging scarlet swimsuit to walk her pet pooch Casual daytime attire...  'It's just wrong!' Ricky Gervais slammed by grieving parents who stormed out of his live stand-up show after he cracked joke about 'dead baby' Scarlett's cyber sensation: Classy and beguiling, Scarlett Johansson is perfect as a cyborg created to crack crime  She's definitely Hot Right Now! Bikini-clad Rita Ora shows off her bronzed physique as she soaks up the sun in the Maldives Teasing fans on trip Having a wheelie good time! Len Wiseman's model girlfriend CJ Franco beams as she flashes tons of flesh while riding bike on grocery trip Katie Price puts on an eye-popping display in tiny bikini bottoms as she films herself having a steamy shower... while on a family holiday with her kids 'Coachella fittings!': Ashley Graham models off-the-shoulder gown from own collection as she prepares to attend popular music festival  Always stunning Wheelchair bound Eric Clapton, 71, looks frail as he holds hands with daughter at airport... after being forced to pull out of two gigs due to 'severe bronchitis' Let It Shine's winning five take centre stage alongside Take That in new trailer for The Band... after BBC hit back at claims the boys 'won't have main roles' Pregnant Bristol Palin shares photos of her one-year-old daughter Sailor enjoying the sunshine as the whole family jet off on a warm weather getaway Selfie queen Lauren Goodger leaves her car in disabled bay ahead of gym session... before coming over shy and wrapping herself in HUGE white sheet 'I'm gonna miss my turkey neck': Mama June goes under the knife for yet more surgery on From Not To Hot  U.S. reality resurgence  Kimberley Garner puts on a busty display while showcasing her killer abs in a barely-there pastel blue bikini... as she pursues Hollywood movie dreams Stephen Belafonte shares intimate 'threesome snap' with Mel B... amid claims the couple's 'open relationship' prompted their divorce Kate Wright shows off her enviable curves in sexy white crochet bikini following 'love interest' Rio Ferdinand's emotional documentary about late wife Lindsay Lohan flaunts her fabulous figure in a plunging purple swimsuit as she holidays in Thailand with friends  Happy and healthy She's a boho babe! Amber Heard goes hippie chic in black lace frock as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Free spirit style  Katie Holmes looks gorgeous in white as she joins co-star Matthew Perry to promote The Kennedys: After Camelot  Comedy duo Amy Schumer and Goldie Hawn playfully stick out their tongues as they promote new movie Snatched Play mum and daughter 'The door is bent!': Marnie Simpson is accused of photoshopping her NAKED picture to promote raunchy new shoe range Making the sidewalk her runway! Bella Hadid shows off her impressively long legs in dark skinny jeans in New York City  Iggy Azalea looks demure in all-black as she jets out of LA after making music comeback with VERY racy video Kim Zolciak flaunts Rapunzel-style braid... ahead of her heated return to The Real Housewives of Atlanta Diane Kruger is casual in camo on stroll through in New York without her new man Norman Reedus Laid back look 'Prosecutors are still reviewing the case': Louis Tomlinson faces longer wait to learn if he'll be charged for airport brawl as hearing is pushed back Is that Oroton? Rose Byrne sports vintage handbag amid controversy over retailer's decision to dump her and hire 'younger influencers' Chaka Khan shows off dramatic weight loss as she jets out of LA just days after celebrating 64th birthday 'I wrote nice things about Cate Blanchett and now I'm a pervert!': Val Kilmer defends tweets after being labelled 'creepy' 'Most days, I laugh at my own symptoms': Michael J. Fox reveals how he finds humor in Parkinson's disease Candid new interview  Jeff Goldblum, 64, holds hands with wife Emilie Livingston, 34, after romantic lunch as they prepare to welcome second child 'It is necessary to abandon our humanity': Woody Harrelson and Andy Serkis square off in final dark trailer for War For The Planet Of The Apes  'I'm going to win it': Brad Pitt plays 'rock star' US General in Afghanistan in latest trailer for Netflix's War Machine  Mark Wahlberg reprises his role as the cool dad while shooting scenes in the snow with Will Ferrell and Mel Gibson for Daddy's Home 2 Busy Philipps looks sleek on set of new NBC sitcom after posting hilarious throwback snap of her crazy curls phase  Bright young thing! Rumer Willis dazzles in chic orange dress with tiny flowers for her media tour of New York Opted for a flowing dress with flowers 'I'm hurt you think I would put my baby at risk': Pregnant Amy Childs defends drinking 'fizz' as she proudly shows off her bump outside TV studios Hola, bombón! Charlotte Dawson shows off her incredible figure in extreme plunging red swimsuit and killer heels as she tops up her tan in Spain 'It'll be less sexist!' Harvey Fierstein reveals how he's changing up NBC's Bye Bye Birdie Live! starring Jennifer Lopez 'I'm Bart Simpson, put her there, man!' Voice artist Nancy Cartwright blows an oblivious teen's mind as he tries to sell her cookies and she responds as Bart  Agent in action! Jaimie Alexander suits up as Jane Doe as she films scenes for Blindspot in New York Crime drama EXCLUSIVE - Bird of paradise: Bikini-clad Megyn Kelly puts on a colorful display while flashing some skin as she snorkels out to sea in Hawaii 49 and fab! As singer-turned-style star Celine Dion celebrates her birthday today, FEMAIL shines a spotlight on her young and modern fashions 'I'm not close with them': Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans will not invite fellow MTV cast members to her wedding... after teasing fall nuptials on Twitter Now Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa flexes HIS revenge body after ex Christina's bikini shots  Motivated to get fit after battling two cancers  Bumpy time: Whitney Port covers up in loose sweater after revealing she 'hates' being pregnant At an LA farmer's market RHOA's Kenya Moore gets restraining order against ex Matt Jordan after he hounds her with phone calls 'up to 30 times a day' Yes, there's more! Dakota Johnson jets into Miami ahead of release of unrated, uncut home video version of Fifty Shades Darker Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample bust and toned stomach in a skimpy mint green bikini as she joins stunning sister Lauryn in the Maldives Kate Hudson has a spring in her step on stylish outing in New York... just days after passionate kiss with new love Danny Fujikawa 'Sorry for any offence in advance': Russell Brand confirms return to live radio to host comedy show on Radio X... eight years after 'Sachsgate' Still got it! Harrison Ford, 74, reveals he still fits into Blade Runner costumes 35 years on Known for keeping in shape Goodies! Ciara and husband Russell Wilson throw elaborate 'all white' co-ed baby shower in Los Angeles Eagerly awaiting the arrival of their child She's a bikini babe! Serena Williams puts on a busty display as she flaunts her toned tummy in sexy snap In seriously good shape for her holiday How to clean your house like Kate Thornton: Presenter reveals tips to get your home spick and span including using a toothbrush to clean tiles  Grey's Anatomy star Chandra Wilson opens up about her daughter's real life medical mystery which took months to diagnose No little lies here! Reese Witherspoon smolders in Elizabeth Arden ad with slicked-back hair and flawless skin as she is named 'Storyteller-in-Chief' When on vacation! Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik and friends flaunt their VERY pert derrières in skimpy bikinis  Bringing sexy back! Spice Up Your Drive! Victoria Beckham dusts off her vocal chords for a spin with James Corden in Carpool Karaoke Wannabe my driver? SPOILER ALERT: Sarah Hyland responds to fans on Twitter after shocking Modern Family twist Star set the record straight Catherine Zeta Jones looks chic in monochrome jumpsuit as she heads to the Today show to promote new television show Feud: Bette and Joan 'We should all be feminists': Jennifer Lawrence makes bold statement in slogan T-shirt as she poses for the Dior 2017 Fall Collection  'She's still the same selfless girl': Meghan Markle's best friend reveals why her relationship with Harry WON'T change the Suits star Mum on the run! Myleene Klass keeps it casual in a denim mini-dress and knee-high boots as she dashes to her radio show Boot-ylicious! She's got sunshine! Kyle Richards adds a pop of color with yellow handbag as she makes a dash for it after gym session Bright spark 'I had a knife held at me!' Peter Andre reveals social anxiety caused by his youth as 'an outcast'... and reveals TV chat helped him understand it Throwback Thursday! Britain's Next Top Model judge Abbey Clancy gives a nod to the past in seventies inspired denim flares Catwalk queen Rachel Zoe ditches her all-black signature style for pretty floral frock as she runs errands in West Hollywood Chose a bright ensemble for once Spencer Matthews plays the role of supporting beau in Dublin... as new flame Vogue Williams insists women 'need to see a few people at one time'  She got it from her mama! Tamara Ecclestone's daughter Sophia, 3, steals the show as she poses up a storm with smiley appearance in LA Topless Katie Price exposes painful scars from eighth boob job as she confidently parades 32GG chest on beach during idyllic family holiday to the Maldives Storms a brewin': First look at the CW's new superhero series Black Lightning starring Cress Williams New photo 'I think I've put my back out!': Susanna Reid flashes too much as she's DROPPED during Strictly lift... after admitting she's too busy for a boyfriend  'It changed my life!' Dawson Creek's James Van Der Beek reveals 'heartthrob status' on the cult show prepared him for stardom... but he never watched it back Robin Thicke and Paula Patton 'close to reaching formal agreement over custody of son Julian'... two years after finalising their divorce Victoria Secret Angel Romee Strijd flaunts her sensational body in a baby blue two-piece as she poses up a storm for photoshoot on Venice Beach Moving in with the brood? Angelina Jolie puts tense split with Brad Pitt behind her as she 'eyes up historic $25 million gated community mansion' Top Gear's 'tame racing driver' The Stig breaks a world record in a dodgem car by driving the restored 1960s model at over 100mph  SPOILER! Shock twist in Hollyoaks as Ste Hay is arrested for Amy Barnes' murder... as well as his boyfriend Harry Thompson Let slip secret on TV  Blac Chyna 'believes exes Tyga and Rob Kardashian have teamed up to spread lies about her'... after she branded rapper a 'b***h' in child support rant Michael Bublé and his wife Luisana are seen for the first time since it was revealed son Noah, 3, is 'progressing well' following treatment for liver cancer It must be her favourite! Queen Letizia of Spain recycles a vibrant red coat as she attends a prize-giving ceremony in Soria Charity work VIDEO EXCLUSIVE: Fearne Cotton and Holly Willoughby almost KISS as they play hilarious chip game on new Celebrity Juice Sight for sore fries The original ending for Disney's animated classic Frozen is revealed for the first time... and it doesn't turn out well for Elsa Not cool with fans Khloe Kardashian goes braless under jacket bearing her beau Tristan Thompson's basketball number... after ex claims she 'tolerated' his drug habit 'I couldn't believe it because I loved them': Mischa Barton reveals her 'emotionalblackmail' after discovering an intimate sex tape was on sale for $500,000 'I feel self-conscious holding her hand': Gregg Wallace, 52,  reveals embarrassment over 22-year age gap with fourth wife Anne-Marie, 30 Yee-phwoar! Leigh-Anne Pinnock leaves little to the imagination in a barely-there top while Jesy Nelson straddles a bull as Little Mix's raciest video yet They don't give an Amster-DAM! James Lock holds hands with giggly girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou during filming after viewers branded her a 'bunny boiler' Shady lady! Bella Hadid wears sunglasses at night but forgets a BRA as she steps out in coordinated black and red belly-baring outfit Red-dy for her close up 'Such a good boy for mummy': Stephanie Davis shares sweet snap with son Caben-Albi as she brushes off drama with Jeremy McConnell   Braless Rita Ora shows off perky assets through sheer top as she just about protects her modesty with star pasties... before going for a dip in holiday snap Antony Costa treats himself to 3D liposuction in a bid to regain his body confidence after displaying a fuller figure  Slimmed down by six inches Pregnant Amal Clooney is the picture of elegance in red as she prepares to give war crime speech... after husband George gushed she is 'doing amazing' Retro chic! Cody Simpson cuts a casual figure in vintage blue bomber jacket and black pants as he heads for a night out in LA Headed out for a party 'He was always the a** wipe for Will Smith': Fresh Prince of Bel-Air's Janet Hubert jabs at cast reunion photo and calls Alfonso Ribeiro a 'media hoe'  George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz races to funeral after finding out about it at the last minute - but isn't allowed into the wake Friends and family only 'I didn't know if he was in the zone or if he genuinely didn't like me': Charlie Hunnam reflects on his frosty working relationship with co-star Robert Pattinson 'Talk about a flashback!': Catherine Tyldesley shows off her knickers as she performs a raunchy 'strip tease' on sketch show Scallywagga 'We haven't got time!' Ore Oduba says he and his wife Portia are too busy for babies... and reveals Strictly winners are NOT allowed to keep the glitterball trophy Spring in her step! Pixie Lott flaunts her trim waist in minuscule floral crop top and high-waisted jeans as she heads out in LA Good jeans Now that's hot Coco! Rapper Ice T's racy wife leaves little to the imagination in racy lingerie shoot shared on her Snapchat One way to get attention Chic Gemma Arterton looks elegant in colour-clashing fuchsia and scarlet ensemble at Their Finest screening in London Bright young thing Lovely in lace! Curvy model Ashley Graham looks sultry while posing in bras and panties for Canadian clothing chain Addition Elle Showed off curvy figure Khloe Kardashian puts on brave face and shows off figure in tight jeans after ex Lamar Odom claims she knew about his cocaine use and cheating Squad goals! Kourtney Kardashian and son Mason wear matching bomber jackets with Larsa Pippen and crew of friends for Korean barbecue in LA Liberty Ross flashes a hint of side boob in an embellished sheer dress at the NYC premiere of Ghost In The Shell with her two cute children Lily Collins looks stylish in a striped crop top and flares as she heads to the movies with a handsome male friend Looked lovely 'Pregnant' Missé Beqiri wears tummy-skimming leather mini dress and knee-high boots to party following a series of cryptic social media posts  Look away now, Channing! Jenna Dewan Tatum writhes around in sexy underwear after indulging in a pillow fight with her pals during girls' night in EXCLUSIVE - 'If it wasn't for Ed I'd still be sleeping on the beach': Liberian street boy saved by pop star reveals he was abused, beaten and robbed 'Poking fun of myself': Victoria Beckham reveals her fun side and smiles while on The Late Late Show So she really does smile!  Blac Chyna flaunts impressive weight loss in corset and sheer skirt combination... amid accusing Tyga of not paying child support Slimmer than ever Vroom! Tyga and Scott Disick go on a shopping spree at LA Barneys location in luxury cars...after ex Blac Chyna accused him of not paying child support 'Can't wait to see you!' Katy Perry takes to social media to confirm her Glastonbury debut this year... as full line-up is FINALLY announced after speculation 'I don't know what makes you happy but it's not me': Megan McKenna left in tears as she and Pete Wicks FINALLY break up on TOWIE Elegant in emerald: Jessica Chastain dazzles in a chic green pencil dress with bow detail as she heads out for dinner Emerald pretty! French goddess! Juliette Binoche, 53, is sensational in black gown slashed to waist at Ghost In The Shell premiere Show stealing gown EastEnders is not so Dyer without Danny: Producers baffled as 'TV show ratings are boosted after the badboy actor's shock departure' Life's a beach! Ireland Baldwin kicks off bikini season as she flashes toned physique during surfside photo shoot  Showed off toned physique Buckle up! Racy Perrie Edwards gets soaked in booze as Little Mix tease titillating Coyote Ugly-inspired music video for No More Sad Songs Skimpiest ensembles yet Monokini-clad US TV star Brooke Burke-Charvet gets wet and wild in daring swimsuit as she hits the beach with her family in St. Barts Top dad! Doting Sir Rod Stewart, 72, and adorable youngest son Aiden, 6, wear matching Celtic jerseys as they enjoy bonding day in Bel Air One sweet stay! Look inside the $25 million mansion Mariah Carey rented for her birthday getaway to Cabo with Bryan Tanaka Pad fit for a pop queen Little Mix's Jesy Nelson steals the spotlight in skimpy pants and sexy fishnet tights ahead of The Late Late Show appearance in LA 'He'll be a mess, but Amal will take care of everything': Matt Damon predicts what kind of dad George Clooney will shape up to be  Mocked his pal All the colours of the rainbow! Scarlett Johansson stuns in glittery gown with plunging neckline at Ghost In The Shell premiere in NYC Hollywood's first female studio boss on Angelina Jolie's daily drug tests, defending Mel Gibson and supporting Tom Cruise and Scientology He's not worried! Justin Bieber struts around Brazil while showing off new tattoos and washboard abs... despite possibility of arrest IT is back... and will leave you screaming: Pennywise is more terrifying than ever in spine-chilling first trailer for Stephen King's IT The fun has just begun... What a stud (jacket)! Jared Leto looks edgy in bespangled blue sky motif denim coat at Blade Runner 2049 CinemaCon event One cool dude TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou sizzles in plunging bralet as she puts on defiant display with beau James Lock... after viewers brand her a 'bunny boiler' Cold Feet cast celebrate saga's 20th anniversary with charming portrait as they plan SECOND reunion series Hello stranger! Hilary Duff hugs handsome mystery man as she visits trendy hotel bar in New York Back on the market following her divorce Quick change artist! Sofia Richie, 18, heads for lunch in leggings and denim vest... after arriving back in LA from NYC wearing sweatpants and Yeezys Cop a load of this! Chloe Lattanzi shows off her curves and trim pins in busty Killer Barbie costume as she denies row with mum Olivia Newton-John Going strong! Kesha flashes peace sign while catching flight with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter at LAX Pretty in pink Wednesday What happened to your gorgeous locks? Handsome Chris Pine reveals shaved head at Las Vegas movie convention W-hair has it gone? Bombshell in black! Rooney Mara slips into cleavage-baring cocktail dress for The Discovery premiere in LA Looked like a knockout at the bash She means business! Mel B heads to see her divorce lawyer in fierce thigh-high boots as she begins to set her split from Stephen Belafonte in stone Gothic glam! Gigi Hadid embraces her dark side with edgy oxblood lips and matching boots Rocked a stylish but edgy look MIC's Tiffany Watson and sister Lucy leave their boyfriends at home for girls' night out... following on-screen drama with Sam Thompson Made In Chelsea's Stephanie Pratt going for gold with Team GB rugby player Ollie Lindsay-Hague as new couple make first public appearance Fashionable friends! Minka Kelly and Mandy Moore enjoy a girls' night out at feminist function Brunette beauties rocked the event White hot! Actress Maria Menounos stuns in a dramatic jumpsuit as she poses up a storm at CinemaCon The 38-year-old wowed in white at the event Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Girl, 5, Suspended For Playing With ‘Stick Gun’ You Will Never Hear These Truths Discussed In The Mainstream → ‘Bible, not Google’ gives Israel right to land – minister Posted on March 29, 2017 by # 1 NWO Hatr RT Israel’s communications minister says the Bible is enough to prove that his country has legitimate land claims, despite what Google or Wikipedia say. The remarks were made during an event supporting West Bank settlements. “Defense is important and security is important but the most important thing is the moral claim of Israel and we are committed to living in our regional land, land that was given to us not by Google or Wikipedia but by the Bible,” Tzachi Hanegbi said at the Washington event, titled ‘Celebrate 50 years of Rejuvenation in Judea and Samaria.’  “…And this is the right, which we are going to demand our right forever and ever,” Hanegbi continued, as quoted by Arutz Sheva. The event was hosted by the Council of Jewish Communities of Judea and Samaria. Judea and Samaria is the Israeli government term for the territory generally referred to as the West Bank, but excluding East Jerusalem. The event was to mark the upcoming 50th anniversary of the Six-Day War, which broke out in 1967 between Israel and its neighbors Egypt, Syria, and Jordan. The conflict saw Israel make territorial gains in the West Bank, Gaza Strip, Golan Heights, and the Sinai Peninsula up to the Suez Canal. Israeli settlements currently exist in the West Bank, Golan Heights, and East Jerusalem, despite such construction being considered illegal by the international community. Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely encouraged more settlers to head to the West Bank during the Tuesday event in Washington. “We need to go to a million settlers in Judea and Samaria – with a US embassy in Jerusalem. We need to think of new ways of thinking that will include Judea and Samaria under Israeli sovereignty forever,” she said. She went on to say that the notion of Israel occupying the West Bank is a “myth.” “I always say that the occupation is a myth, because we never occupied other people’s land. This is Jewish land [Judea and Samaria]. This should forever be a Jewish land under Israeli law,” she said, as quoted by the Jerusalem Post. However, not everyone agrees with Hotovely. Just two days before her remarks at the event, Jewish protesters blocked the entrance of the annual pro-Israeli American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) conference in Washington, calling for an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestinian territory. The UN Security Council also disagrees with Hotovely. In December, it passed a resolution demanding an end to the construction of Israeli settlements on occupied Palestinian territories – a move which was condemned as “shameful and absurd” by the Israeli government and criticized by Donald Trump, who promised that things would be “different” in regard to the UN after he took office. As to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2016 https://www.rt.com/news/382684-bible-google-israel-land/ Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 713 ← Girl, 5, Suspended For Playing With ‘Stick Gun’ You Will Never Hear These Truths Discussed In The Mainstream → 11 Responses to ‘Bible, not Google’ gives Israel right to land – minister DL. says: March 29, 2017 at 11:54 am WRONG!!! The Bible gives Israel the right to the land IF AND ONLY IF (IFF for short) Israel obeys and worships God AND HIS SON JESUS CHRIST. Period, End of Story–and for this dude to say otherwise means: 1. His “Bible” is the Talmud, and 2. his “god” is the “Jewish Messiah” aka the Anti-Christ that will occupy the Temple in Jerusalem in the tribulation period. And another thing–the “Israel” that so thoroughly rejects Christ is NOT God’s Israel. Read Galatians 3, dude! He is a “Jew” who is one INWARDLY (believes on Christ) not outwardly (such as the anti-Christ Jews of Israel)! Reply DL. says: March 29, 2017 at 11:56 am And then you have 1 John 2:22–“He who has NOT the Son has NOT the Father, but he who has the Son has the Father also.” Reply # 1 NWO Hatr says: March 29, 2017 at 12:04 pm Had to send this one twice (2nd time as a forward to Henry/Laura). Someone didn’t like it… I rarely receive failure notices. Reply Misty says: March 29, 2017 at 3:01 pm I know sent in”Dressed Like The Joker, A Defiant Hillary Clinton Takes The Stage Calling For ‘Resistance’ Of New Administration” still have the failure notice.http://www.spamcop.net/bl.shtml?66.163.186.82; ” Sent it in again but don’t know if they got it for I didn’t see it posted. Reply # 1 NWO Hatr says: March 29, 2017 at 3:17 pm If you didn’t receive another failure notice, it went through, Misty. On very rare occasions, I’ve gotten 2 and even 3 in a row for the same article. Some things just don’t go where they’re supposed to. Not of their own volition, however, imo. Reply Misty says: March 29, 2017 at 8:28 pm First time so I didn’t understand…thanks. # 1 NWO Hatr says: March 30, 2017 at 11:56 am LOL… happens to the best of us (some more than others) 🙂 BMF says: March 29, 2017 at 12:04 pm Even if the Bible could be accepted as proof of anything (“belief” and “proof” are two very different animals), it does not unequivocally give any land to anyone. There was a covenant that God made with the Hebrews, which the latter broke. Also, how about that part of the Bible in which Jesus tells the Jews who were rejecting him that “you are of your father the Devil”? It’s right there in John’s Gospel: Chapter 8, especially verses 33-45. Reply # 1 NWO Hatr says: March 29, 2017 at 2:43 pm “…And this is the right, which we are going to demand our right forever and ever,” Hanegbi continued, as quoted by Arutz Sheva.” The ONLY ‘forever right’ you LYING SCUMBAG POS jEWS have is to burn in Hell with your master, SATAN. “This is Jewish land [Judea and Samaria]. This should forever be a Jewish land under Israeli law,” she said, as quoted by the Jerusalem Post.” Not according to God, you LYING Satanic SLUT!!! Reply KOYOTE( ADVOCATING THE OVERTHROW OF THE AMERICAN REGIME SINCE CLINTON '93) says: March 29, 2017 at 7:30 pm NWO HATR…….. ROK ON MAN!!!!!!!!!!!! Reply # 1 NWO Hatr says: March 30, 2017 at 11:57 am Ever vigilant, KOYOTE! 😉 Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments flek on The government won’t protect your internet privacy, so here’s how to do it yourself tc on Ryan Bundy Phone Call Update – Prison Abuse – 03/24/16 Angel-NYC on Challenge of the day Angel-NYC on Challenge of the day tc on Ryan Bundy Phone Call Update – Prison Abuse – 03/24/16 tc on US should use ‘military means’ against Iran: CENTCOM chief flek on US should use ‘military means’ against Iran: CENTCOM chief flek on Ryan Bundy Phone Call Update – Prison Abuse – 03/24/16 Martist on Challenge of the day tc on Who Is Alex Jones? | Super Deluxe Super Cuts tc on Challenge of the day tc on Report: Former Trump National Security Advisor Mike Flynn Offers to Testify for Immunity Angel-NYC on Challenge of the day Martist on Deputy Has Mental Breakdown While Celebrating His Birthday, Cops Show Up and Kill Him Martist on Challenge of the day Martist on Planned Parenthood Abortionist: “Pay Attention to Who’s In the Room” to Deal With Infants Born Alive Angel-NYC on Report: Former Trump National Security Advisor Mike Flynn Offers to Testify for Immunity Volthair on Scientists have discovered a way to destroy cancer tumors using nothing but sound waves Angel-NYC on Trump’s aides don’t want to admit the President is golfing Volthair on Report: Former Trump National Security Advisor Mike Flynn Offers to Testify for Immunity Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Breaking News, Gossip, Pop Culture, Arts, Music, Theater, Film&TV, Fashion, Events | TheImproper.com   Home Breaking News Exclusives Celebrities Celebrity Crime Music Film Television Reality TV Fashion Culture Weird News Funny News Between the Lines Going Viral Comedy Politics Travel Science & Tech Diet & Fitness Commentary Arts Music Theater Film&TV Fashion Dining Events     THE IMPROPER MAGAZINE TODAY'S TOP NEWS Cersei Provides a Season 7 Clue in New Game of Thrones Teaser (see!) Nicole Kidman Humps a Camel in New Queen of Desert Trailer (watch!) Abby Lee Miller Quits Dance Moms in Epic Rant Before Fraud Sentencing Is Live-Action Little Mermaid Too Sexual for Young Viewers? (See Trailer) Guardians Of Galaxy Rock (and Roll) in New Trailer for Hot Sequel (watch!) Tennessee Teen Killed by Defective Guardrail Gets Bill to Pay for Damage Jon Benét Ramsay Unsolved Murder Through Her Neighbors’ Eyes (watch!) Hailey Baldwin Like You’ve Never Seen Her Before in Sizzling Photos (See!) Lindsay Lohan’s Back! See What the Hot Mess Is Up To Now (Video, Pics!) Dwayne Johnson, Baywatch Jiggle Hit Big Screen in New Trailer (watch!) Pussy Grabbing Lives! Bonner Bolton Diddles Sharna Burgess on DWTS (see!) Selena Gomez Sizzles for Spring as She Finally Finds Herself (Photos, Video) John Oliver Finds a Laugh in Donald Trump’s Sick, Twisted Budget (watch!) Bella Thorne Shocking Makeover: Disney Queen to Goth Vamp? (photos!) Stephen Cobert Roasts Rachel Maddow Over Hyped Trump Tax ‘Scoop’ (see!) Subscribe To TheImproper's Email Newsletters, Free! PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Francoise Shaibend: Anatomy of Sex, Money, Marriage Scam on Google Plus     Spider-Man Slings With the Bad Boys in Capt. America: Civil War Trailer (see!) CELEBRITIES Google Hangouts a Haven for Scams, Possible Conduit for Islamic State Google Aids in Blackmail, Sex, Marriage Scams By Keith Girard, March 15th, 2016 Do you know these women? The are out to steal your hearts and money on Google Hangouts. Clockwise from top left, they go by Francois Shaibend, Carine Surgers, Justine Bissett and Ange Leroy. They could be part of organized crime groups and should be considered dangerous. (Photo: Google Hangouts)Google Hangouts, the Internet giant’s answer to Facebook and other social media outlets, is a fertile hunting ground for organized crime groups that could be fronts for the Islamic State. They are using the service to con tens of thousands of dollars from unwitting users through blackmail and sex and marriage scams, a special IM investigation has learned. TheImproper’s six-week investigation barely scratches the surface on the level of organized activity. But the probe uncovered concrete evidence that well organized groups are prowling Google’s social media site for victims. First in a Series There is a special place in hell for people who pray on the kindness, generosity and loneliness of others. But our investigation discovered a more sinister, temporal threat–the Islamic State and other terror groups. Lonely Heart Scams: How They Do It The women, working on a commission basis from an “office,” set up false profiles, typically on internet dating sites. They find their victims and then enter into correspondence with a lot of people simultaneously using a pre-arranged script. They first ask for money for the visa, and then for other expenses. Once one of their victim forwards money using Western Union or Money Gram, they notify their bosses. After the money is collected, the ‘worker’ receives their commission. They will then try to get more money out of the victim. However, once someone sends money for a ticket that is usually the last they hear from the “true love.” Source: spamlaws.com Google’s social media site has few controls and multiple avenues for deception that makes it perfect for the Islamic State and other groups to raise funds surreptitiously through various scams. During the course of our investigation, IM was able to penetrate two distinct groups of scammers. They went to extreme lengths to lure us into their sex and blackmail trap. All conversations were recorded. In each case, the process began when a young attractive female asked to join our circle. In our case, four different women asked to join IM’s Google-Plus, which was set up in the name of IM Editor & Publisher Keith Girard. Google’s social media platform is conducive to scams because it allows private chat conversations between circle members. In each case, the women used Google’s private chat to initiate contact. A woman who identified herself as Francois Shailene sent this suggestive photograph to encourage our conversation with her. (Photo: Francois Shaibend) The women also engaged in identity theft to set up their profiles to cover their tracks. One instance involved a woman who said her name was Carine Surgars. She said she worked for Medical Pharmacies Group Inc., , a French conglomerate. She also said she attended St Therese’s School, a well-known French Catholic school. But the IM investigation was able to determine that the identity actually belonged to another woman, who was not related to the scam. The effort was clearly organized, because the two women we spoke with followed the same script, almost word-for-word. Carine was also assisted by a man who often posed as her in conversations. Carine set up the scam by claiming she was an only child; her parents were dead. She said she had just gone through a devastating breakup with her boyfriend. She had been without sex for six months, she said, and yearned to find a “true love” to marry. Read More –Francoise Shaibend: Anatomy of Sex, Money, Marriage Scam on Google Plus –Google Sex Scam Queen: ‘Devil in Flesh of a Fairy’ Preys on Lonely Heart Men A second woman, Francois Shaibend , gave us the exact same story. The women involved proved to be well-school in deception. But sometimes they tripped up on simple details that revealed their fraud. Carine, for example, initially posed as a pious conservative French Catholic girl. She said she was looking for a similarly religious husband. She said she not only attended Catholic school, but attended church every week and devoutly believed in God. Yet, when she was asked about the Papal Schism of 1378, which laid the foundation for the French Catholic Church, she didn’t know anything about it. The Papal Schism is taught in every French Catholic school and underlies the religion today. But she was clueless, a major red flag. “Carine Surgers” is pictured chatting with us on Skype. Her identity later proved to be stolen. She said she was a devout Catholic, but she later stripped on camera twice. (Photo: ScreenCap) Although the IM investigation initially focused on four women, we chose to respond to Francois and Carine. We wanted to learn how they operated. What we found was shocking. We let Francois play out her scam unimpeded from start to finish, which of course ended with a plea for money. She never knew we were onto her. In the second instance, IM confronted Carine. We revealed our evidence of identity theft and other mis-steps exposing her fraud. We hoped to shame her into dropping her ruse, thinking she would discuss the scam with us candidly. But she proved to be tough and determined. At one point, we asked to see her driver’s license or passport to prove her identity. She refused to do so and abruptly ended the conversation. After that, we thought she would move on. But shockingly she continued contacting us. Throughout our sometimes heated confrontations over her identity, she stuck doggedly to her script. Indeed, she doubled down on the deception. She insisted she was telling the truth, pleaded for trust and swore she wanted marriage. She continued to contact us even after we told her it was over. The hook she and Francois tried to use was the promise of love, marriage, children–and sex. She professed her deep love over and over, and her wish to get married. We talked about baby names, how many children we wanted, intimate conversations that real lovers often share. But her motive was heartless and cruel. She repeatedly asked us to trust her and promised she would never hurt us. There may have been a good reason for her efforts. IM invited her into our life, which incuded a garage full of expensive cars, a sprawling country mansion and a well-appointed New York City apartment. Francois made a bid to hold our attention by sending us this photo midway through our conversation. The images would get far more risque as the scam progressed. The identity meshed perfectly with her ploy. “One of the cruelest scams is the Lonely Hearts Scam,” according to a Web site devoted to Internet fraud. “With this scam people are fooled into thinking that they have met their ‘true love’ online. The victim then sends their ‘true love’ money so they can meet,” according to the site. Once they get the money, the disappear or come back for more. The scams originated on online dating sites. But most major sites have cracked down on fraudulent profiles. Google hangouts, however, is wide open. Scammers appear to be setting up shop there in droves. Carine’s story fit the scam to a tee. She said she’d just ended a year-long relationship, after discovering her boyfriend was sleeping with a “friend of a friend.” Devastated, she said she decided to be “guided by God.” He would help her find her “one true love” on, of all places, the Internet. That brought her to our doorstep. While she appeared to closely follow a script, she didn’t hesitate to modify her approach when necessary. During one conversation, we told her we weren’t particularly religious. Suddenly her devout Catholicism faded to the background. As for Christian morals, Carine had no problem performing a striptease–twice– over Skype as our “relationship” deepened. Carine, incidentally, is a beautiful woman with long auburn hair, whimsical eyes and at 5-feet, 8-inches tall, a model’s body. We figured her to be in her mid-twenties, but she insisted she was 33 years old. On her Google platform, she claims to be 37. She simply said she looked younger than her age. But we suspect she was trying to close the age gap between her and older men to make her seem a more plausible match. The conversations with her, conducted over Google chat and Skype, were often deeply intimate, with intense conversations about sex and a future of marriage and children “with my man.” We made up nicknames for each other. We talked how it felt to be deeply in love. All the while, she professed how lonely she was. Yet IM was able to obtain a list of her Skype contacts. It contained more than two dozen men, all about the same age. They were located in Britain, Europe and all over the world. In fact, Carine has more than 800 followers in her Google hangout. They are overwhelmingly men. Presumably she proposed to marry them all. As the conversations progressed both women peppered their deception with scantily clad photos, each more risque than the last. The intent was clearly to keep the conversation going. All of the women who contacted us were French, or professed to be French. But they raised at least the possibility of a terrorist connection because of their ties to African locations. Carine said she was French, but she spoke to us during our entire conversation from the Ivory Coast. The African nation and former French colony, has a surly reputation. It’s known as a trans-shipment point for South American cocaine destined for Marseilles in France. It’s also known as a haven for money laundering. Islamic terrorists are known to be active in the country, evidence by the devastating attack on tourists Sunday (Mar. 13). At least four men armed with AK47s and hand grenades killed 16 people, including four Europeans, in the historic town of Grand Bassam. The men are said to have links to al Qaeda, according to London’s Daily Mail. Our conversation took a chilling turn, when we discovered we weren’t necessarily talking to Carine in every conversation. IM’s Skype is equipped with software to record audio and video calls. Because of language differences all conversations were conducted in writing. Nonetheless, we kept our audio on to record possible background conversations. During one discussion with “Carine,” it actually paid off. We learned we were actually talking with a man, who had stupidly left his audio on. We could hear him coughing and hacking in a husky voice, as he pounded heavily on his keyboard. Yet the conversation–as it appeared on Skype–was intimate and genteel. He wrote about love and marriage. He played the role to the hilt, albeit clumsily. We also noticed distinct differences in syntax and sentence structure that clearly suggested someone else was on the line. That prompted us to go back over our chat records. We discovered subtle differences in syntax and sentence structure in other conversations as well. It clearly suggested we were talking with different people at different times, even though Carine was supposed to be our only contact. As Carine continued with her scam, she and/or her group were also suspicious of us. During conversations, she would asked us to scan the room with our Skype cam. She wanted to see if we were actually where we said we were. In another instance, she–or we suspect the man posing as her–insisted that we call her cell phone so she could have our phone number “close to her heart.” After we feigned outrage about her suspicion, she/he admitted she was trying to determine our location by observing the country code from our call. The fact that we were being manipulated was sometimes obvious. On a couple of occasions, she suddenly and heatedly accused us of being married with children, especially during intimate moments. On other occasions, she asked us to turn on our camera when the conversation turned sexual. The effort appeared to be an attempt build evidence for a possible blackmail attempt. At least twice she asked to see our “little head” on camera. Following my encounter with the coughing man, I spoke to the real Carine, who had turned on her camera to confirm her identity. I thanked her profusely for agreeing so willingly the night before to have anal and oral sex. She said, without hesitation, that she would do it for “her man.” Trouble is, the conversation never took place. We made it up to test her. She had no clue what was said, a clear indication someone else was posing as her. We said nothing about the contradiction. But this would become par for the course. The fact is, many men think they are talking to women in these Internet relationships. But unless there is confirmation by camera, chances are the victims are talking to men posing as the women. On our night of romance with the hacking man, for example, he refused several times to turn on the camera, claiming the Internet connection was bad, another clear red flag. Francois’s scam incorporated nearly all of the same elements, but it was impossible to determine her exact location or her sex. For all we know, she could have been a man as well. She refused to use Skype or a camera and would only communicate through Google Chat. Franscois clearly lacked the sophistication of Carine’s criminal enterprise, which suggested she could have been acting alone. Yet, both women went to great lengths to perpetrate their frauds. Amid the shower of semi-nude photos, Francois even sent us photos of her purported pet dog, a black poodle, named Mido. But when we asked for a photo of her with the dog, she said she didn’t have one. Was it just another prop to ease our suspicion? Francois also talked at length about her desire to get married, and she talked intimately about sex. But before too long, she steered the conversation to money. Like Carine, she also had an African connection. She said she routinely traveled to Casablanca, Morocco, on business. She claimed she bought and sold Moroccan art work. After teeing us up with small talk, she set us up for the take down. She told us she was planning to travel to Morocco via Paris to buy goods. A few days later, she contacted us to say she was in Paris to arrange financing for her Moroccan trip. That’s when a problem arose. She couldn’t get the money she needed. So, she asked for our help. She said she only needed $2,000. We could easily send it to her via Western Union, she added. We decided to start scamming the scammer. To put her off without raising suspicion, we said the U.S. government had recently enacted tough, new restrictions on money transfers outside the country because of our war with the Islamic State. Our bank, we said, would likely block a transfer by Western Union because there was no business connection between us. So, she immediately suggested other fraudulent methods. She said she would pose as our wife to ease the transaction. Then she agreed to open a bank account in our name only, so the transfer would not arouse suspicion. But when we told her she would need to deposit a countervailing balance equal to the amount we were depositing, she balked at the idea. We said we would travel to Paris with the money, so we could finally consummate our love before her trip. She quickly balked at that idea, as well. When we asked her if she might need more money, given the complications; she upped her request to $3,500. The money, of course, was never transferred. But we got what we wanted; she played her hand, giving us a window into her method of operation and her attempted fraud. It’s clear these women have no real interest in meeting or getting married. Carine was much more subtle in her approach, but finally began hinting she wanted money. After more than two weeks of conversation, she let us know she liked expensive clothes. She modeled a Ralph Lauren shirt. We offered to meet her in Cannes to consummate our love. We also promised to take her shopping and to buy her anything she wanted. Not surprisingly, she declined. With her fraud clearly established, we finally ended our relationship with a brutal putdown. Our final words to her were simply “fuck off.” Yet the next day, she reached out to us again, begging to continue the relationship. We have calls out to Google, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security for their reaction. We are also reaching out to authorities in France and the Ivory Coast. Let us know your thoughts in the comments section below and be sure to follow IM for ground-breaking investigative reports. Next in the Series: Finding my Man Follow TheImproper EXPLORE THESE RELATED POSTS  Canadian Porn Star’s Face Launches a Thousand ‘Lonely Heart’ Scams (pics) Google Sex Scam Queen: ‘Devil in Flesh of a Fairy’ Preys on Lonely Heart Men Francoise Shaibend: Anatomy of Sex, Money, Marriage Scam on Google Plus El Chapo Violent Capture Caught on Video by Mexican Soldiers (Watch!) March 15th, 2016 | Tags: Ange Leroy, Carine Surgers, Francois Shiabend, google, Google Hangouts, Google Plus, Ivory Coast, Justine Bissett, Lonely hearts scam | Category: CELEBRITIES, CRIME, CULTURE, SPECIAL INVESTIGATION ab1jx The really annoying thing is that Google supports these schemes by refusing to reveal their IP address or even country. They claim that they’ll only reveal it with a court order which is closing the barn door after the horse has left. If people could see where they were they wouldn’t enter into these schemes. But they’re protecting the privacy of the scammers. I’d like to see this overturned, scammers are a far more significant problem than any supposed privacy. It shouldn’t be possible to hide your identity. Mike Pankhurst Hi, I’ve been scammed by Carine, only she called herself Stephanie Bussat. Of course I feel stupid now, but she was so convincing, and worked me so skilfully, I was convinced. I agree that this type of scam is odious, I was extremely vulnerable at the time, and it left me with a feeling of devastation, as well as poorer, when I finally had to accept the obvious and block the calls. Cliff Eden Gardner I’m sorry to hear that brother. It’s a shame people turn to these tactics. I know life is hard in certain areas but those skills could be put to good use otherwise.   Article Reprints   Subscribe To TheImproper's Email Newsletters, Free! About TheImproper | Privacy | Terms of Use | Contact Us | Copyright © 2017 TheImproper.com - All Rights Reserved | Log in |  Subscribe for Free! | Find Us on Google | Design by Girard Entertainment & Media (GEM)
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [March 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: A few months later, and my Google Home is indispensable – and I’ve only scratched the surface Trending in Google Corporate Review: Samsung Chromebook Plus has a display and build worthy of Android apps [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 831.50 0.09 Google Home adds new tools for developers to build better games, like text adventures Abner Li - Mar. 30th 2017 10:39 am PT @technacity Apps & Updates Google Home Google Assistant Actions on Google View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Actions on Google was announced last year and meant to expand Home’s capabilities through third-party services. Since then, a number of services have released fun and useful experiences. Google is now adding new tools for developers to build better voice games for Assistant. Nintendo Switch There are already a number of games available on Google Home, like Akinator and SongPop, with Assistant featuring several built-in trivia ones. With many older text adventures now in the public domain or in the process of being open sourced, Google suggests that developers should bring those classics to Google Home. To aid in the effort, they have published a guide on how to make those games more interactive for voice platforms. The next tool is a new sound effect library to make games more engaging and “help you create a more fun persona for your action.” There are hundreds of options, including  airplanes, slide whistles, and bowling to cats purring and thunder. Other apps will also be able to take advantage of this addition. Lastly, to help build more complex games, Google’s tools directory now notes which firms have integrated their development solutions with Actions on Google. New consulting firms include Pullstring, Converse.AI, Solstice and XAPP Media. Abner Li @technacity Is interested in the minutiae of Google and Alphabet. Tips/talk: abner@9to5g.com Favorite Gear Fitbit Charge 2 Breath of the Wild Joy-Con Guides Google Home View THe Guide Google Assistant View THe Guide Actions on Google View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [March 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: A few months later, and my Google Home is indispensable – and I’ve only scratched the surface Trending in Google Corporate Review: Samsung Chromebook Plus has a display and build worthy of Android apps [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 831.50 0.09 Google Allo could get new ‘quick selfie’ feature, backup & restore, ability to add stickers to photos, more [Video + Gallery] Stephen Hall - Mar. 30th 2017 10:46 am PT @hallstephenj Teardowns Android Apps and Updates Google Allo View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google Allo has received countless updates since launch, adding a variety of features — most of them involving stickers in some way. Now, we’ve managed to enable some features that Google is actively working on within Allo that haven’t yet been enabled. These include a new button for quickly capturing a selfie and the ability to add stickers as decoration on photos… Book a Free Smart Home Consultation w/ Amazon Services “Quick selfie” The first feature is pretty self-explanatory. As you can see below, the feature — in its current form, at least — adds a new camera icon to the right of the text entry field (currently, the microphone icon that you hold to record a voice memo is the right-most option). To activate this “quick selfie” feature, you simply tap the camera icon and tap again on the shutter button that appears in the small circular frame. From there, you’ll be given the option to either send the photo to the person on the other end of the current conversation, or trash it. The selfie then appears in the standard message feed formatted as a small circle. Backup and restore We also found evidence within the app that Google is working on a backup and restore feature, but that’s all we know for now. Assumably this would be for backing up and restoring your conversations, but we weren’t able to enable it at this point. <boolean name=”BackupRestore__enable_backup_restore” value=”false” /> More stickers! Another feature that Google is working on in Allo that hasn’t been enabled is the ability to add stickers atop photos you take — a la Snapchat. There will likely be a new sticker button in a future version of Allo that lets you pick between the various stickers that you can already send in normal chats. Incognito in group chats We also found evidence of Incognito coming to group chats. We also have yet to be able to enable this feature, but it looks the ability to go incognito as a group is coming. <boolean name=”Incognito__enable_group_incognito” value=”false” /> It’s worth noting that while these features are currently in the works, there’s no guarantee that Allo will actually receive them in a future update. They’re not available in the public-facing version of Allo for a reason (they aren’t done yet), and since this is Google, it’s possible — and perhaps even likely — that they won’t ever actually make their way into the app. But they might. We’re still digging, so stay tuned as we find more in Allo and other apps. Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Apps and Updates View THe Guide Google Allo View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Android Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel 2: Should You Wait for Google’s Next Android Phone Instead? By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on March 30, 2017 12:09 AM PHOTOGRAPH: Kiko Antonio | In less than 24 hours, the much awaited Samsung Galaxy S8 will be officially launched. The Samsung Unpacked event will be streamed live from New York at 11am EST. While many Samsung fans can again celebrate with a new Android phone, some, however, are having second thoughts. Since the Google Pixel 2 will also be a premium phone on release, many are considering jumping ship to the Google camp. The Samsung Galaxy S8 and Google Pixel are considered premium Android smartphones. The only difference is, Samsung’s next flagship is about to be released in a month or so. Meanwhile, Google fans might have long to wait for the Google Pixel 2. Specs In terms of specs, both phones will have the latest Snapdragon 835 chip from Qualcomm. However, the Google Pixel 2, according to rumors, will have a default of 6GB RAM. On the other hand, the Galaxy S8 will only have 4GB of RAM. Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ (via twitter.com) Just like the Galaxy Note7, the Galaxy S8 will also sport an IP68 ingress protection rating. Rumor has it that Google is also aiming to have the same protection for the Google Pixel 2. As for Android OS, the Samsung Galaxy S8 comes pre-installed with Android 7.1 Nougat. On the other hand, on release, the Google Pixel 2 will sport the newest Android O operating system. Price There have been many leaks about the Galaxy S8 pricing over the past couple of weeks. Most of these leaks say that the phone will be priced at around $865. While Google has yet to announce the price for the Pixel 2, it has already said that it will have a premium price on release. Basing on the current Pixel phone model, the base price could be in the region of $650 to $750, assuming Google tries to absorb some of the costs. Google Pixel (via madebygoogle.com) Release date Samsung is due to unveil the Galaxy S8 in less than 24 hours. Rumor has it that the phone will be officially released on April 21. Meanwhile, Pixel fans may have to wait more than six months before they can get their hands on the Google Pixel 2. At the moment, the phone is still being developed by Google and its design team. For those who are eager to get the newest premium Android phone, Galaxy S8 is their best option. However, for those willing to wait six more months, the Google Pixel 2 is a good candidate for a premium Android phone. For more tech updates, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also Read: Google Home Update Can Now Keep Track of Your Groceries and Clean Your Home Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel 2: Should You Wait for Google’s Next Android Phone Instead? March 30th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:Google Pixel 2 Specs, Samsung Galaxy S8 Specs, Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel 2 Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Samsung Galaxy S8 Vs Galaxy S7: Upgrades And Downgrades Of Samsung’s Next Flagship Phones Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Prices Leaked; Still Below iPhone 8 Rumored Cost Samsung Galaxy 8 Facial Recognition Feature Can be Used for Secure Payments About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Super Bomberman R DLC Will Be Free Lost Soul Aside PS4 Release Receives First Plot Details Final Fantasy 15 Update 1.08: 574 MB Patch Tweaks Alterna Magic Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Pokemon GO Shiny Magikarp Spawns Confirmed Permanent, New Shinies Possibly Soon The official Pokemon GO Twitter confirmed that the Water Festival event has finally concluded.... Mass Effect Andromeda Update: Bioware To Address Feedback On April 4 It looks like Bioware will be discussing a possible Mass Effect Andromeda update soon,... Destiny 2 Gameplay Trailer: Where To Watch And What To Expect From Bungie Bungie probably has a ton of amazing features in store for Destiny 2 and... Destiny 2 Trailer Confirms Mega Bloks Leak After the teaser image for Destiny 2 a few days ago, Bungie revealed a... Mass Effect Andromeda Update Release Date Still Uncertain, Plenty Of Bug Fixes Incoming Currently, Mass Effect Andromeda is plagued with game-breaking bugs and off-putting animations that leave... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple featured Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook PC iOS pokemon sun and moon Editors Pick EA playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Pokemon Go Update Marvel Stephen Heller Overwatch NBA 2k17 iPad iPhone 7 Blizzard Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Android Bixby vs Google Assistant: Which Android Digital Assistant Works The Hardest? By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on March 30, 2017 02:02 PM Personal digital assistants are slowly becoming mainstream as the years progress. Starting with Siri, consumers do not have a collection of other mobile device digital assistants. At the moment, there are two digital assistants for the Android operating system trying to vie for the top place. Samsung has Bixby, while Google has the Google Assistant. Which of these two are better and deserve to be called a proper digital assistant for the Android OS. Bixby Samsung just unveiled the Galaxy S8 yesterday. And with it, the company also announced its integration with the company’s very own digital assistant, Bixby. While the sound does not really exude confidence, it is quite sophisticated and power-packed at the same time. In a normal sense, a digital assistant can help users set appointments, search the web and quite possibly order something online. However, Bixby extends its functionality beyond that. For one, it can do more than take orders and find stuff on the Internet, it can also take full control of the phone itself. Samsung Galaxy S8 (via samsung.com) Furthermore, Bixby is deeply integrated with machine learning so it gets better the more you use it. It learns the user’s habits on how the phone is being used. In addition to this, learning is also contextual. Meaning, it can understand the succeeding command based on the previous one. Google Assistant The Google Assistant is slightly older than Bixby. While it works predominantly on Google devices like the Pixel and Nexus, the search giant just released the app to other Android devices recently. Unfortunately, at the moment, it does not offer the same control that Bixby has. However, just like Bixby, the Google Assistant is also contextual. Furthermore, with Google’s very own algorithm, the Google Assistant can provide more precise answers and responses. Both of these digital assistants are far from perfect. Just like Siri, which for some reason is lagging behind, a lot of things can still be done to improve them. However, from what it seems, Bixby is somewhat ahead of the game as it features full hardware control instead of just the usual Internet searches. For more tech updates, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also Read: Apple’s iOS 10.3 New APFS Can Free Up As Much As 7.8GB of Storage Space In Your iPhone Bixby vs Google Assistant: Which Android Digital Assistant Works The Hardest? March 30th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:Bixby Digital Assistant, Bixby vs Google Assistant, Samsung Bixby Share Tweet Share Share Email About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Super Bomberman R DLC Will Be Free Lost Soul Aside PS4 Release Receives First Plot Details Final Fantasy 15 Update 1.08: 574 MB Patch Tweaks Alterna Magic Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Pokemon GO Shiny Magikarp Spawns Confirmed Permanent, New Shinies Possibly Soon The official Pokemon GO Twitter confirmed that the Water Festival event has finally concluded.... Mass Effect Andromeda Update: Bioware To Address Feedback On April 4 It looks like Bioware will be discussing a possible Mass Effect Andromeda update soon,... Destiny 2 Gameplay Trailer: Where To Watch And What To Expect From Bungie Bungie probably has a ton of amazing features in store for Destiny 2 and... Destiny 2 Trailer Confirms Mega Bloks Leak After the teaser image for Destiny 2 a few days ago, Bungie revealed a... Mass Effect Andromeda Update Release Date Still Uncertain, Plenty Of Bug Fixes Incoming Currently, Mass Effect Andromeda is plagued with game-breaking bugs and off-putting animations that leave... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple featured Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook PC iOS pokemon sun and moon Editors Pick EA playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Pokemon Go Update Marvel Stephen Heller Overwatch NBA 2k17 iPad iPhone 7 Blizzard Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Navigate Home Windows iPhone Android Windows 10 Web Applications Others Security Software Antivirus Software Firewall Malware and Spyware Password Manager PC Utilities Office Suites Desktop Enhancement File Converters Free Registry Cleaner Media Utilities Media Players Music Software Image & Photo Editors CD/DVD Burners Internet Tools Download Managers Email Clients Network Tools Plugins Facebook Twitter RSS Search How To Prevent Uninstalling Google Chrome Extensions 14 By Sangeeta Kardam on December 17, 2012 Featured Plugins Editor Ratings: User Ratings: [Total: 0    Average: 0/5] Here is a simple tutorial that explains how to prevent uninstalling Google Chrome extensions. Uninstalling a Google Chrome extension is pretty easy. Even a kid knows how to uninstall a Chrome extension; just by going to Chrome Settings and uninstalling the extensions. This also means that anyone can install an extension, even if you don’t want him or her to. Update: (November 07, 2013) Google has disabled silent extension installation in its Chrome browser with the release of version 25 (Read more here). So this method would no longer work if you have the latest version of Chrome installed. Till now we haven’t found any other method to prevent uninstalling Google Chrome extensions. As soon as we find one, we would post an update. The good thing is that there is a way to prevent removing these extensions through Google Chrome itself. And that is what we are going to discuss here. The process will deactivate “Enabled” check box and “Remove” icon against each extension on the Extensions page, and “Disable” option from the context menu of the extension icon, leaving no way to remove them from Google Chrome. And we will not use any third party software for that. Sponsored Links The basic idea behind this is to create a list of registry entries of the extensions that you don’t want to uninstall. These extensions will be installed automatically to Chrome and nobody will be able to remove them, unless their registry entry is deleted. Do note that it is always dangerous to mess with your registry, so I strongly advice you to create backup of registry before you start making any changes. The idea is a bit tricky, but you can easily get through the process following simple steps I have listed here First of all, you need to open the Registry Editor. You can open it through your command prompt by typing “regedit” and pressing Enter. Note: You can open Registry Editor only if you have administrator rights.  This will open the registry Editor. You will see a folder explorer on the left, listing all registry folders in your system. Go to HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Policies. Here you have to create a new folder for keeping registry entries for your Google Chrome browser. Right click on the Policies folder and select “New>Key” option from the context menu. This will create a new folder under Policies folder. Rename it as “Google”. Repeat last step by creating a new folder with the name “Chrome” under Google. Again repeat the step, this time with a folder name “ExtensionInstallForcelist” under Chrome folder. Now you have reached the desired path: HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Policies\Google\Chrome\ExtensionInstallForcelist. This folder will contain entries for all the Extensions that we want to prevent from uninstalling. The right panel shows the default registry entry inside ExtensionInstallForcelist folder. For every extension you want to prevent from removing, you need to create a new registry entry inside the ExtensionInstallForcelist folder. Now right click on ExtensionInstallForcelist and choose “New>String Value” from the context menu. This will create a new registry entry that will be displayed on the right panel, with the name “New Value #1”. Rename the entry through its context menu option. Right click on this and select “Modify” option. A popup window will come up where you have to enter value of the key under the “Value Data” field. This value is formed by appending the extension’s name with a constant string. The extension name can be found in the URL of the extension’s homepage. This will be something like a string formed by random alphabetic characters. For example, if the URL of the extension is “https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/parental-control-app/fbkcmiiikbnoldnlanjaoakakibelich”, then the extension’s name will be “fbkcmiiikbnoldnlanjaoakakibelich” (string between backslash and question mark). Just copy the extension’s name, append it with “;https://clients2.google.com/service/update2/crx”, and copy the whole sting in “Value Data” field. Press Ok and close your Chrome browser. The next time you will open Google chrome, the extension will get automatically installed in your browser, leaving no space to remove it in anyway (Not even from the “Settings” page). If you want to add more extensions to the list, just navigate to HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Policies\Google\Chrome\ExtensionInstallForcelist folder in registry, and then create a new entry for that extension. Just give “Value Name” to some other number than what you have already used (like, 2, 3, etc.) This is how you can prevent some extensions to be removed from Chrome. If you want to uninstall the extension, just remove its registry entry form the registry Editor and you are all done. How Does this Works: If you are curios to know how this works, here you go: Chrome (and Chromium) give you an option to define a few policies on your computer that the browser will follow. One of these policies is called “ExtensionInstallForcelist”. This policy lets you specify a list of extensions for which Google Chrome should not give any option to uninstall. You can see more details around this in Chromium documentation here. This feature is especially helpful for network administrators if they want to install a set of extensions on Chrome browsers in entire organization, and do not want to let users to uninstall those. I found a need for this while doing my research for Parental Control extensions for Chrome. As I note in that article, there are some really nice parental control extensions, but the fact is that they can be installed very easily by even a kid any whole idea of parental control can quickly blow up in smoke. Thankfully, this interesting, albeit tricky method exists to stop any Chrome extension from uninstalling. Note: You are strictly advised not to fiddle with any other registry folder; otherwise your system may run into serious problems. Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn more Pinterest Tumblr Email Editor Ratings: User Ratings: [Total: 0    Average: 0/5] cloubu ubuclo Thank you so much! Can you write a guide for chrome in linux? I found a good family filter for chrome, is Metacert and with your guide it can be more secure. Big Al This no longer works starting with Chrome version 28. Admn Idra This means that an extension can’t be uninstalled and neither can be disabled? or you can still disable it? , i have to test it ….. I’m looking for a solution for extensions like Anti Porn Pro which uses password protection but you can easily disable it in Extensions (a silly thing) ishan_ilovefreesoftware @Admn Idra: This method actually stopped working from Chrome version 25, as we mentioned in the beginning of the article. If you have an older version of Chrome, you can try this out. We have been trying to find some method to disable deletion of Chrome extension in version 25 and above, but have not been successful yet. If you find something for that, do let us know in comments here. Admn Idra I’m going to search for a solution in user policies or devtools. That’s all I have left. ishan_ilovefreesoftware @Admn Idra: That sounds exciting. Do let me know once you find one; I will love to update this article so that others can also benefit. Admn Idra I think a native solution is to use the Supervised Users of Chrome, but rigth now it’s in Beta stage, but it’ll work to me. A supervised user can’t install, uninstall nor disable an extension neither use incognito mode, thats all what it needs to keep chrome safe. But right now it has a couple of failures as the supervised user can easily change to an admin profile and use it without restrictions and doesnt permits install apps or extensions in the supervised user profile. I’m sure this it’s gonna be corrected not so far, so i’ll wait for it !! ishan_ilovefreesoftware @Admn: This sounds very interesting. I will also try to research on it. Keep me posted on your findings. Admn Idra Another posible solution can be implemented with Policy Pak, it works with users policies, it would be like freeze any configurable options in a program, in this case could be the extensions from chrome, the only thing it’s that the extension must be installed and configured, which in my case it’s not an issue, obviously any porno filter must be configured before use it. Policy Pak, it has a free version but i’m not sure if can be implemented with chrome,i mean it has a template to fully configure chrome but i don’t know if it’s free. I let you this as homework :), search for Jeremy Moskowitz at youtube. Regrds PS: sorry if i’m flooding! but i can’t send you mp ishan_ilovefreesoftware @Admn: Keep them coming! Your comments are very helpful for me and all the readers. Thanks for exploring these interesting ways. Symbianity I was looking for a possibility to prevent disabling StayFocusd extension. It’s a tool for blocking distracting websites. The best thing I came up with since understanding that registry tweak doesn’t work with newer Chrome anymore is: 1. Add “chrome://extensions” to blocked websites list 2. Hide the button Since I give myself a limit of 15 minutes of surfing “blocked” sites per day, I still technically can disable the extension during that period, if I’m tempted to. But if you lower the limit to 0 minutes a day, then it should be fine. For now that’s the best solution I could think of. Cheers! Muhammad Nauman how to prevent chrome to disable local extensions which are not installed from chrome store? Akihiko it is not working in my chorme? why? SARANG SHINDE I don’t get this. I did the same thing as you mentioned above but still I’m able to disable as well as remove it. Sangeeta Kardam Recent Posts By Me December 3, 2013 Real Time File Sharing With Chat Support: Volafile.io November 30, 2013 6 Free Tools You Should Install After Formatting PC November 27, 2013 5 Chrome Extensions That Lets You Stay Focused On Work 14K likes 2568 followers 16098 subscribers Featured Posts March 30, 2017 5 Free Android Apps To Rotate Videos March 29, 2017 5 Free .Net Version Detector Software For Windows March 29, 2017 5 Free iPhone Video Recording App with Real-Time Effects March 29, 2017 3 Free Windows 10 Timesheet Apps to Track Working Hours March 28, 2017 5 Free Voice Recorder Software To Record Any PC Audio Recent Posts March 30, 2017 5 Free Android Apps To Rotate Videos March 30, 2017 How To Add Notes To Google Keep from Google Docs March 30, 2017 Button Remapper App for Android to Remap Hardware Buttons March 30, 2017 Windows 10 Physics Puzzle Game App: Heart Box March 29, 2017 How To Unmute Phone Calls From Specific Contacts On Android Windows How To Launch A Program In A Minimized Window 5 Free .Net Version Detector Software For Windows How To Hide All Desktop Icons Except System Icons iOS & Android 5 Free iPhone Video Recording App with Real-Time Effects 4 Free iPhone Safety Apps To Send SOS In State Of Emergency Free iPhone HTTP Sniffer App To Analyze Browser Traffic Web Apps Build Online Portfolio to Showcase GitHub Projects, Programming Skills Large File Sharing Website that Encrypts Files in Browser Before Upload How To Add A Fake Windows Update Screen To Play A Prank About Us | Write for Us | Submit Software | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Disclosure | Advertise With Us Copyright © 2015 I Love Free Software. Powered by WordPress Advertisment ad adsense adlogger
Navigate Home Windows iPhone Android Windows 10 Web Applications Others Security Software Antivirus Software Firewall Malware and Spyware Password Manager PC Utilities Office Suites Desktop Enhancement File Converters Free Registry Cleaner Media Utilities Media Players Music Software Image & Photo Editors CD/DVD Burners Internet Tools Download Managers Email Clients Network Tools Plugins Facebook Twitter RSS Search 5 Ways To Snooze Gmail 1 By Mayur Das on February 4, 2016 Web Applications Editor Ratings: User Ratings: [Total: 0    Average: 0/5] Here are 5 ways through which you can snooze Gmail for free. Snoozing your email refers to delaying your emails to show up on top of your inbox at the time you have specified. This is useful when an event is about to happen and you can configure important relevant emails to show up on the top of the emails in your inbox. This is also useful if you have unimportant emails that you want to procrastinate in order to attend other urgent emails. Sponsored Links This list comprises of Chrome extensions, a web service and a Google apps script method as ways to snooze emails. You might be also interested in scheduling your emails, then check out this link. Snooze Gmail Using Streak Streak is a Chrome extension that manages your Gmail. It is basically a CRM integration with your Gmail. Streak provides you the means to snooze your emails. To snooze emails, you have to tick mark the emails.  After that, click the orange ‘clock’ button and specify the time you want to snooze emails to. The snoozed emails are placed in the created ‘Snoozed’ label. There are no bounds to the time you can snooze your emails to. I was able to snooze an email for 3 years and to a specific hour.  Although Streak has a limit on most of its features, snoozing emails are unlimited and free. Get Streak here. Snooze Gmail Using Bananatag Bananatag is a Chrome Extension that organizes and manages your emails. The free version of this Chrome Extension has very limited features but scheduling and snoozing emails are totally free and unlimited. To snooze emails using Bananatag, you have to open the email first. Clicking the red snooze button on the top will open the snooze options.  At the left hand-side of the options are shortcuts where you can select template timings like ‘tomorrow morning’ or ‘tomorrow afternoon’. You can also manually enter the custom date and time you want. Or on the right-hand side you can select the date and time out of a calendar or time scroll down menu. Just like streak, there is no limit of the snooze time. The snoozed emails are moved to the label ‘Bananatag snoozed’ where you can view and interact with the emails. Although the free version of Bananatag has limited features, the snoozing feature is completely free. Here is the full review of Bananatag. Get Bananatag here. Snooze Gmail without any Extension: There is a way to snooze Gmail emails without using an extension. Here is a full article on it which will familiarize you with the steps. This method uses Google Apps script. You have to use the JavaScript provided and use it on Google Spreadsheet’s script editor. The script will make calls to Gmail Service API to connect with your Gmail. The code has two main functions: Setup and MoveSnooze. Setup will create snooze time labels in your Gmail. The time labels are made for 7 days.  MoveSnooze will be triggered (every 24 hours) to move your emails through those labels till it shows up on top of your inbox. To snooze an email, move the email to the specific time label. Snooze Emails Using Gmail Snooze Chrome Extension Gmail Snooze is an exclusive Chrome extension modeled for snoozing emails on your Gmail.  It is similar to ‘Snooze Emails Without Using Extensions on Gmail’ that we covered earlier but it comes with more configurable options.   When you install it, you can select the limit of days you want your emails to be snoozed up to. Other than that you can also set the snooze-expired emails to be placed in an ‘unsnoozed’ label. You can also mark emails unread when their snooze expires. You can access the settings from the Google Apps on your Computer. To snooze an email for a specific number of days, move that email to that specific time label. Get Gmail Snooze here. Snooze Gmail Using Hitmelater.com Hitmelater.com is an online service that specializes only in snoozing your emails. It does not offer you a snooze button or a configurable interface. All you have to do is forward the mail you want to snooze to Hitmelater.com. The free version of their service only lets you snooze your email for 24 hours. To snooze an email, forward the email to a specialized email address of hitmelater.com. So if you want to snooze an email for 6 hours, forward the email to 6hours@hitmelater.com. You can use hours, minutes and days to alter the snooze time. The service will email you the snoozed email at the specified time. The only problem that might arise is this web service getting the email late, which will make a difference in the snoozed time, but testing this service proved it very much efficient. And of course, even a bigger problem would be around privacy; so make sure you are not sending them your important confidential emails. Try hitmelater.com here. Final Words  On the winning spot,  Streak and Bananatag are in a tie here as both of them provide effective means of snoozing emails and that too with almost no time limit. Making a snoozer with Google Apps script was fun but it didn’t provide a big time limit. Hitmelater.com was definitely a pleasant surprise as I was free from annoying labels and Chrome extensions. Have an opinion? Share it in the comments! Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn more Pinterest Tumblr Email Editor Ratings: User Ratings: [Total: 0    Average: 0/5] Free/Paid: Free Tags: snooze Eugene Another great option is Deskun which is also completely free and lets you select different snooze options. Mayur Das Recent Posts By Me August 22, 2016 Free Online Audio Workstation to Make and Share Music: Audiotool July 17, 2016 Free Math Teaching Service To Track Progress of Class July 17, 2016 Free Image Processing Software Bundle: Picosmos Tools 14K likes 2568 followers 16098 subscribers Featured Posts March 30, 2017 5 Best Free Video Editors for Beginners March 30, 2017 5 Free Android Apps To Rotate Videos March 29, 2017 5 Free .Net Version Detector Software For Windows March 29, 2017 5 Free iPhone Video Recording App with Real-Time Effects March 29, 2017 3 Free Windows 10 Timesheet Apps to Track Working Hours Recent Posts March 30, 2017 5 Best Free Video Editors for Beginners March 30, 2017 Windows 10 Endless Running Game App in Water with Fishes March 30, 2017 5 Free Android Apps To Rotate Videos March 30, 2017 How To Add Notes To Google Keep from Google Docs March 30, 2017 Button Remapper App for Android to Remap Hardware Buttons Windows How To Launch A Program In A Minimized Window 5 Free .Net Version Detector Software For Windows How To Hide All Desktop Icons Except System Icons iOS & Android 5 Free iPhone Video Recording App with Real-Time Effects 4 Free iPhone Safety Apps To Send SOS In State Of Emergency Free iPhone HTTP Sniffer App To Analyze Browser Traffic Web Apps Build Online Portfolio to Showcase GitHub Projects, Programming Skills Large File Sharing Website that Encrypts Files in Browser Before Upload How To Add A Fake Windows Update Screen To Play A Prank About Us | Write for Us | Submit Software | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Disclosure | Advertise With Us Copyright © 2015 I Love Free Software. Powered by WordPress Advertisment ad adsense adlogger
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE The SAP Cloud Platform SDK for iOS is Now Available [Video] Samsung Officially Unveils Its New Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ Smartphones [Video] Apple Posts Three New iPad Pro Ads [Video] Apple Offers Panols as a Free Download via the Apple Store App Samsung Galaxy S8 Hands-On [Video] Hacker Luca Todesco: 'I Am Done With Jailbreaking' Rumor Claims Next iPhone Will Be Called the 'iPhone Edition', Have Rear Touch ID Sensor, Metal Back, More iFixit Tears Down the New iPad [Photos] Apple's AirPort Extreme is On Sale for 20% Off [Deal] Razer Gaming Products Up to 64% Off [Deal] Check Out the Latest Drone Footage of Apple Park [Video] Infuse Video Player App Gets New High Performance Playback Core, Parental Controls, Blu-ray Disc Image Support, More Telegram Messenger Introduces Secure AI-Powered Voice Calls Here is the Full Changelog for iOS 10.3 Twitter No Longer Counts @Usernames Towards Your 140 Characters When Replying Uber Now Lets You Update Your Pickup Location Apple Releases iOS 10.3 With New Apple File System, Find My AirPods, More [Download] iOS 10.3 Extends Wi-Fi Calling and VoLTE Support to More Carriers Apple Configurator 2 Updated With Numerous Improvements Apple is Now Rejecting Apps With Pricing In Their Title Google Calendar App Released for iPad LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted March 29, 2017 at 6:39pm by iClarified · 2153 views · Translate Google has released its Calendar app for the iPad. Get the official Google Calendar app for your iPhone or iPad to save time and make the most of every day. Features: • Different ways to view your calendar - Quickly switch between month, week and day view. • Events from Gmail - Flight, hotel, concert, restaurant reservations and more are added to your calendar automatically. • To-dos - Use Reminders to create and view to-dos alongside your events. • Goals - Add personal goals—like “run 3 times a week”—and Calendar will schedule time for them automatically. • Quick event creation - Smart suggestions for event titles, places and people save you time when creating events. • All your calendars in one place - Google Calendar works with all calendars on your device, including Exchange and iCloud. What's New In This Version: • Optimized for iPad. You can download Google Calendar from the App Store for free. Download Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Navigate Home Windows iPhone Android Windows 10 Web Applications Others Security Software Antivirus Software Firewall Malware and Spyware Password Manager PC Utilities Office Suites Desktop Enhancement File Converters Free Registry Cleaner Media Utilities Media Players Music Software Image & Photo Editors CD/DVD Burners Internet Tools Download Managers Email Clients Network Tools Plugins Facebook Twitter RSS Search 9 Ways To Schedule Gmail Emails 1 By Himanshu Tyagi on September 27, 2016 Featured Editor Ratings: User Ratings: [Total: 0    Average: 0/5] Today, I am going to show you 9 different ways to schedule Gmail emails. These methods let you schedule Gmail on all the platforms you use: schedule GMail in browser, schedule on Android, Schedule  using desktop software, and more. You can also use many of these applications and Chrome extensions included in this article to send recurring Gmail emails on a regular basis. Some of the Chrome extensions included let you schedule Gmail emails and provide extra functionalities like email tracking, self-destructing emails, specify reply time-out, etc. You can also discover an Android app to schedule Gmail emails on the go. Sponsored Links So let’s see these 9 different ways to Schedule Gmail emails. Boomerang for Gmail: Boomerang for Gmail is a Google Chrome extension to schedule Gmail emails. With it, you can specify the time and date at which you want your email to be delivered. Getting started with this Chrome extension is really easy, just download it from the link provided above and it will then automatically add its toolbar on Compose panel of Gmail. You can use it to automatically send emails after hours, weeks, or even at a specific point of time in future. Read its complete review from here. Follow these steps to send scheduled Gmail emails using Boomerang for Gmail: Step 1: Download and install it from the link above. Step 2: Now, open your Gmail account and click on Compose button and then you can see an extra toolbar below the Gmail toolbar to send an email. After scheduling the email from this toolbar, click on Send later button to schedule it to send later. Right Inbox For Gmail: Right Inbox For Gmail is another Google Chrome extension to schedule Gmail emails. The best part of this Chrome extension is that it can also be used to send recurring Gmail emails i.e. you can use it to schedule a Gmail email that can be sent after regular intervals of time. To get started with this Chrome extension, download it from the link provided above. It will then add its toolbar below the Gmail email sending toolbar in Compose panel. You can then simply schedule emails by clicking on Send later button. To send recurring emails, click on Recurring button and then select repeats like daily, monthly, yearly, etc. SendLatr for Gmail: SendLatr for Gmail is another Chrome extension to send Gmail emails later at a specific time by scheduling them. It lets you specify time and date of the email that you want to schedule. It works similar to other 2 Chrome extensions that I mentioned in this article, just download it from the link provided above and it will add a Send later button in Compose panel of Gmail. You just have to click on Send later button and it will then pop-up a window to specify time and date at which you want to send the email. Read more about it from here. Email App for Gmail and Exchange: Email App for Gmail and Exchange is an Android app that you can use to schedule Gmail emails on the go. You can use it to schedule emails to send them after 2 -4 hours, 2-4 days, 1-2 weeks, 1 month or at a specific time and date. Using this Android app to schedule emails is really easy; just download it from the link above and then login with your Gmail account to schedule emails. You can also use it to schedule emails from Microsoft Exchange and other emails. Read its complete review from here. Let’s see how you can schedule Gmail emails on Android: Step 1: Open this Gmail scheduler Android app and login with your Gmail account. Step 2: Click on New Message button from top-left part of the screen and then you can click on Send later button to move to the Scheduling options screen from where you can specify date and time for which you want to get your email to get scheduled. Send Later plugin for Thunderbird: Send Later is a Thunderbird plugin that you can integrate with Thunderbird email client to extend its functionality to schedule Gmail emails or any other emails configured by you in Thunderbird. Similar to other methods explained in this article, it also lets you schedule an email by specifying its exact time and date. It can also be used to send recurring scheduled messages on a daily, weekly, monthly, or yearly basis. Steps To Install Send Later Plugin for Thunderbird: Step 1: Open Thunderbird and open its Add-ons manager tab by Menu>>Add-ons. Step 2: Search “Send Later” from its search bar and install the first add-on that appears in the results. Then download it and restart Thunderbird in order to install it. Now, you can schedule your emails by following these steps: Step 1: Compose a new email by clicking on Write button from the main screen of Thunderbird that will open up the window for Composing a new email. Step 2: Now you can schedule the current email by pressing Control+Shift+Enter hotkey, that will pop-up a window to specify the time and date at which you want to schedule the email to be sent, as shown in the screenshot included above. You need to specify the scheduled date and time in this format: “date/month/year time (24-hours format) or Time (12-hours format) Day” like “12/12/2017 12:12 or 12:00 AM Friday”. Step 3: Click on “Send Around” button to schedule the email. MiMax Chrome extension to schedule Gmail emails: MiMax is another Google Chrome extension that you can use to schedule Gmail emails to be sent later at the specified time and date. This Chrome extension can also be used as a Gmail email tracker and reminder. After you have downloaded and installed it from the link provided above, it will transform your conventional Gmail composing window to an advanced one by adding Send Later button to schedule the email. While composing a new email, click on Send Later button to specify the time and date at which you want to get this email delivered. Read its complete review by us from here. Note: In its free version, you can only send 10 scheduled emails per month. MailConductor: Google App script to schedule Gmail emails MailConductor is a Google App Script to schedule Gmail emails. It is a very simple way of scheduling Gmail emails right through your Gmail compose window without adding any extra buttons to it. To schedule a Gmail email using MailConductor, you have to first install it. You can install by visiting the link above and click on Install button on its homepage. It will then take you to authorize MailConductor to access your mailbox. After you have authorized it, you can schedule an email by simply typing date and time at the end of your email subject like “Subject: Hey let’s meet up ! @2016-12-15 17:00”. This email will be scheduled to be sent on 15th December 2016 on 17:00 hours. After you have composed an email like this, then don’t send it but discard it. It will be automatically sent at the specified time by you at the end of the Subject field. Mail2Cloud for Chrome: Mail2Cloud is another Google Chrome extension to schedule Gmail emails. But what separates it out from other Chrome extensions mentioned in this article is that it can also be used send self-destructing emails, etc. Once you have installed it from the link above, it adds its icon right next to the Send button of Gmail Compose window. You can click on it to specify the time and date at which you want to send the email. Read its complete review from here. Email Scheduler for Google Sheets: Email Scheduler is a Google Sheets add-on to schedule Gmail emails right within Google Sheets. But, you can just use it to schedule Draft emails in your Gmail mailbox. After you have installed it, from the link provided above, it will take you to a Google Sheet from where you can connect your Gmail account with it. After that, you can schedule an email from Add-ons -> Email Scheduler -> Configure, it will then open-up a sidebar within the Google Sheets. To schedule an email, select a Draft message from its drop-down, specify the time, and then click on Schedule button. The main drawback of Email Scheduler is that it doesn’t let you specify customized time for Scheduling messages. Verdict: This article covers 9 different ways by which you can schedule Gmail emails to be sent later. You can try any of these different methods to send an email later at the specified time. I hope after reading this article, you will never run out of ways to schedule a Gmail email whether you are using Gmail on Google Chrome, Android, or Thunderbird. I personally like the Android app and Boomerang Chrome extension to schedule Gmail emails. Most of these methods also let you send recurring Gmail emails on a regular basis like daily, weekly, monthly, or yearly. Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn more Pinterest Tumblr Email Editor Ratings: User Ratings: [Total: 0    Average: 0/5] Tags: gmail Jack B Way #10 – Chrome extension Deskun. It allows to schedule unlimited messages for free. Himanshu Tyagi A normal guy with a little sense of humor. Die hard fan of Eminem & Linkin Park. Loves to play Clash of Clans. Passionate Geek ;) Recent Posts By Me March 30, 2017 Free Software To Extend Firefox Settings To Apply Extra Tweaks March 30, 2017 5 Free Android Apps To Rotate Videos March 29, 2017 How To Unmute Phone Calls From Specific Contacts On Android 14K likes 2568 followers 16098 subscribers Featured Posts March 30, 2017 5 Best Free Video Editors for Beginners March 30, 2017 5 Free Android Apps To Rotate Videos March 29, 2017 5 Free .Net Version Detector Software For Windows March 29, 2017 5 Free iPhone Video Recording App with Real-Time Effects March 29, 2017 3 Free Windows 10 Timesheet Apps to Track Working Hours Recent Posts March 30, 2017 How To Save Any Email from Windows 10 Mail App To Desktop March 30, 2017 Free Software To Extend Firefox Settings To Apply Extra Tweaks March 30, 2017 5 Best Free Video Editors for Beginners March 30, 2017 Windows 10 Endless Running Game App in Water with Fishes March 30, 2017 5 Free Android Apps To Rotate Videos Windows Free Software To Extend Firefox Settings To Apply Extra Tweaks How To Launch A Program In A Minimized Window 5 Free .Net Version Detector Software For Windows iOS & Android 5 Free iPhone Video Recording App with Real-Time Effects 4 Free iPhone Safety Apps To Send SOS In State Of Emergency Free iPhone HTTP Sniffer App To Analyze Browser Traffic Web Apps Build Online Portfolio to Showcase GitHub Projects, Programming Skills Large File Sharing Website that Encrypts Files in Browser Before Upload How To Add A Fake Windows Update Screen To Play A Prank About Us | Write for Us | Submit Software | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Disclosure | Advertise With Us Copyright © 2015 I Love Free Software. Powered by WordPress Advertisment ad adsense adlogger
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS News UK World Politics Science Education Health Brexit Royals Investigations Entertainment Pictures More Telegraph News Google: We'll make new tools to tackle terrorists online Google's front page Credit:  Yui Mok/ Yui Mok Christopher Hope, Chief Political Correspondent 30 March 2017 • 7:55pm Google and some of the world’s biggest internet companies agreed last night to create new “technical tools to identify and remove terrorist propaganda” in the wake of the Westminster terrorist attacks. The companies which also included Facebook and Twitter also agreed to look at "options" for a body “to accelerate” how they take down extremist content. However they were criticised for paying “lip service” to the problem by failing to commit fully to setting up an industry body to tackle the problem. Amber Rudd, the Home Secretary, summoned executives from Google, Twitter, Facebook and Microsoft to a summit at the Home Office after the Westminster terrorist attacks last week. After the meeting the companies agreed to “look at all options for structuring a forum to accelerate and strengthen” their work to tackle online extremism. This would “enhance and broaden the current informal collaboration sessions that companies already conduct”. They also agreed to share "expertise and experiences of more established" internet companies with younger internet businesses. Amber Rudd Credit:  REUTERS/ REUTERS They said: "Working against terrorism is not a competitive issue within the industry and we pledge to engage the wider ecosystem of companies that face these challenges." They also pledged to "support the efforts of civil society organisations to promote alternative and counter-narratives" against extremism online. Last night MPs on the Home Affairs select committee, which has oversight of the Home Office, criticised Ms Rudd for not requiring the internet companies to do more. Yvette Cooper, the committee’s chairman, said: “This is all a bit lame. All the Government and social media companies appear to have agreed is to discuss options for a possible forum in order to have more discussions. “Having meetings about meetings just isn't good enough when there is still illegal terrorist recruitment propaganda up online. They need to get on with taking it down, and to say what resources they will put into doing this. “Social media and the internet can be a fantastic force for immense good, but they also need to get their act together and stop the dangerous illegal poison spreading online." Yvette Cooper Credit: Joe Giddens/Joe Giddens Naz Shah, another Labour member of the committee, said that Ms Rudd had allowed the companies to pay “lip service” to the problem. The “internet world is a parallel world to ours and there has to be some governance and some laws”, she said, and “just to say that they will develop some industry standards is absolutely not good enough”. Ms Rudd called the meeting after last week’s Westminster attack sparked a furore over the companies' responsibilities to support counter-terrorism investigations and remove extremist content. She welcomed the plans saying “it was a useful discussion and I’m glad to see that progress has been made”. She added: “I said I wanted to see this tackled head-on and I welcome the commitment from the key players to set up a cross-industry forum that will help to do this.     “In taking forward this work I’d like to see the industry to go further and faster in not only removing online terrorist content but stopping it going up in the first place.” Deputy Commissioner Craig Mackey, Amber Rudd and Sadiq Khan at a vigil for the victims of Wednesday's attack, at Trafalgar Square Aftermath of terror attack outside parliament in London, United Kingdom Credit:  James Gourley/REX/Shutterstock/ James Gourley/REX/Shutterstock Ms Rudd raised the issue of encryption at the meeting and agreed to take it forward at a separate meeting. She said: “I am clear that Government and industry need to work more closely together on this issue so that law enforcement and the intelligence agencies can get access to the data they need to keep us safe.” Adrian Ajao, who killed four people including a policeman, sent a final message via WhatsApp three minutes before he launched his terrorist rampage. Yet the US-based messaging company, which is owned by Facebook, has failed to hand over the contents of the communication, infuriating Amber Rudd, the Home Secretary. Britain has no legal power to force WhatsApp to help investigators because it is based in America. Share this article Follow Telegraph News Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Related Topics Facebook Westminster Amber Rudd Terrorism Extremism Yvette Cooper Social media Google Home Office Twitter Microsoft Internet Whatsapp Show more Galleries Gallery 31 Mar 2017, 7:00am Gallery: Pictures of the Day: 31 March 2017 Gallery 30 Mar 2017, 8:11pm Gallery: Matt cartoons, March 2017 Premium Gallery 30 Mar 2017, 4:33pm Gallery: Telegraph cartoons, March 2017 Premium News latest Live 31 Mar 2017, 8:00am Live Donald Tusk to set out negotiation guidelines as European leaders reject Theresa May's Brexit timetable 31 Mar 2017, 7:57am Who was Sergei Diaghilev? What you need to know about the trailblazer, visionary and ballet pioneer 01:50 31 Mar 2017, 7:55am UK takes back the right to deport as Britain repeals powers from EU  31 Mar 2017, 7:53am How Nicola Sturgeon invoked Margaret Thatcher pose as she signed letter demanding IndyRef2 00:51 31 Mar 2017, 7:50am Australia floods: daredevils jet ski through park hit by Cyclone Debbie 31 Mar 2017, 7:43am Stourbridge murder: Mother and son, 13, stabbed to death in attack at family home 'that had taken in down and outs' 31 Mar 2017, 7:29am Chancellor to raise £11.8bn for UK taxpayer by selling Bradford & Bingley loans 31 Mar 2017, 7:20am Israel approves first new West Bank settlement in decades Gallery 31 Mar 2017, 7:00am Gallery: Pictures of the Day: 31 March 2017 01:22 31 Mar 2017, 6:49am Cyclone Debbie's devastating floods, as seen from the air 31 Mar 2017, 6:00am Comment: Don't be fooled Prime Minister, Russia isn't our ally in the fight against terrorism Andrew Foxall Premium 38:26 31 Mar 2017, 6:00am 'Britain's biggest Brexit problem will be the French because they're, well, French': Chopper's Brexit Podcast Episode 5 31 Mar 2017, 5:45am Donald Trump's import tax would make US business 'meaningless', says Uniqlo founder, vowing to leave 31 Mar 2017, 5:16am Cattle herders fire at Italian author after Kenyan lodge set ablaze 31 Mar 2017, 3:55am SpaceX makes history by successfully launching first recycled rocket booster 01:22 31 Mar 2017, 3:24am 'An utter disaster': Flood deaths feared as Australian towns swamped after torrential rains 31 Mar 2017, 2:59am Nine Malaysians return home after Kim Jong-nam's body handed over to North Korea in exchange 31 Mar 2017, 2:25am Mike Flynn 'certainly has a story to tell': Trump's fired national security adviser hints at immunity for Russia testimony 31 Mar 2017, 1:10am Man's new best friend? More men getting cats for pets 31 Mar 2017, 12:59am Village pub owners compared with London terrorist after animal activists find foie gras on the menu 31 Mar 2017, 12:48am Teacher who clipped rowdy pupil with book wins battle to save career If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Leitartikel Sieger auf der Verliererstraße von Walter Hämmerle Login Registrieren 31. März 2017 Startseite Themen Channel Bildung Digital Integration Literatur Lebensart Musik Recht Reflexionen Spiele Stadt & Land Wissen Zeitreisen Meinungen Dossiers Fotos Amtsblatt Abo ePaper Newsletter Welt Weltpolitik Weltchronik Weltticker Das war 2016 Europa Europäische Union Europa interaktiv Europastaaten Europachronik EU für mich EU-Interviews Österreich Politik Chronik Menschenrechte Leichte Sprache Wetter Wien Stadtleben Stadtpolitik Unterwegs Service WienQuiz Rad Kultur Klassik Pop/Rock/Jazz Bühne Film Kunst Literatur Medien Kulturpolitik Museum Wirtschaft Österreich Unternehmen International Insolvenzen Sport Fußball Ski Doping Sportpolitik Sport & Wirtschaft Mehr Sport Wahlen Bundespräsidenten-Wahl Landtagswahlen Europa-Wahl Wahlarchiv Nationalratswahl Direkte Demokratie Anzeigen & Service Anzeigen Veranstaltungen Gewinnspiele Unternehmen Kontakt RSS Feeds Apps Fotos Videos Beilagen Wiener Journal Extra ProgrammPunkte Future Atlas Weinzeit Together Verlag Wiener Zeitung Sie sind hier: Nachrichten Sport Fußball Coca-Cola and Sky A... vom 24.03.2017, 11:15 Uhr FußballUpdate: 24.03.2017, 11:51 Uhr Breitbart Coca-Cola and Sky Advertise with David Alaba on Alt-Right Website Breitbart Artikel Lesenswert (2) Drucken Leserbrief Von Alexander Dworzak Not only big corporations are at risk of losing their reputations, but also their famous advertising partners: Online advertising showing a picture of the Bayern Munich player was placed on far-right portal. © (Screenshots: Breitbart.com) Vienna. Usually, David Alaba spins on the left wing of Bayern Munich. Recently, Austrias most famous football player has been appearing on the right wing: Since the beginning of March, the "Wiener Zeitung" has been following online banner advertising showing the players picture on "Breitbart". This far-right US web portal has gained unfortunate notoriety with its articles and headlines, for example stating that birth control makes women "sluts". Breitbarts long-standing head, Stephen Bannon, even made it to President Donald Trumps chief strategist. In fact, there are two companies advertising with star player Alaba on Breitbart: Coca-Cola and Sky. The beverage producer is a personal sponsor of the 24-year-old footballer. Their advertising banner shows him in a casual position and wearing a grey hoodie sweatshirt, holding a bottle of "Coca-Cola Zero" in his left hand. Sky is not mentioned in the list of sponsors on the players website. However, the pay TV service uses Alabas picture to advertise their live broadcasts; the image shows a scene from a Champions League match between FC Bayern and PSV Eindhoven in October 2016. The Bavarians won the game 4:1. For Alabas marketing agency and the affected companies, however, these advertisements are a fiasco. Since November 2016, almost 1600 companies (incl. subsidiaries) have blocked Breitbart for their advertising. This includes multi-billion dollar businesses such as Daimler, Easyjet or Siemens, as is revealed by a list of the "Sleeping Giants" initiative. Advertising on Breitbart nowadays leads to loss of reputation. For the first time, this also affects an internationally known top athlete and imperils his brand. "We develop Brands" Today, athletes stage themselves as comprehensive artworks. "We develop players into brands," Alabas agency Avantgarde Sponsoring promises on its website. The players official advertising partners include Coca-Cola, Adidas and Bank Austria, a subsidiary of Italian company UniCredit. Alaba, hashtag #da27, sells billed caps via his own online shop, where it says, "Show the world what team you are on and represent the best team of the league with a premium snapback - DA27". The left-sided defender has many fans on social media: 3.7 million users follow him on the Instagram photo-sharing platform, more than 3.6 million users have given Alaba a like on the social network Facebook, and he counts 1.18 million followers on the news service Twitter. Recently, he has also conquered the news service Snapchat. Private snapshots alternate with pictures from professional photo agencies, which shows that someone at least co-administers Alabas channels. In the social media, Alaba certainly has everything under control. With online advertising, the story is rather different. The banners of Coca-Cola and Sky have both been run via advertising spaces that are placed on Breitbart by Google. This Internet giant is not only the worlds leading search engine, but by far the biggest provider of online advertising. According to Statista, Google turned over 79.4 billion dollars with advertising in 2016. Fifteen years early, it was a paltry 70,000 dollars. With the automated sale of Internet advertising space, ads are placed around predefined keywords or according to users interests deducted from click and search behaviour on the Internet. Advertising customers can also book certain topics at Google. Breitbart is included in the category of "news" and thus put on a level with respectable news portals. Google advertising space Google does not provide advertising space for tobacco products or illegal drugs on websites selling alcoholic beverages online. Also not for sites with "Content that advocates against an individual, group, or organization". According to their own guidelines, Google draws the line at content that incites hatred or promotes violence against individuals or groups based on race or ethnic origin, religion, or gender. But where Google draws the line between "news" and the category of "hatred", that remains a company secret. "The placement you discovered is simply a mistake. We have already taken measures together with the responsible media agency to stop this placement," a spokesperson of Coca-Colas PR agency in Austria explained to the "Wiener Zeitung". However, this does not mean that Coca-Cola has block listed Breitbart for advertising in general. It is basically possible to shut down undesired online advertising. But this list has to be constantly updated. While an only medium-sized online advertising campaign for a target audience in Austria is placed on more than 10,000 different websites. In the UK and the United States some companies as well as the British government have been trying to get to the root of the problem and have skipped advertisements via Google. In fact, the advertising giant is not only present on controversial sites like Breitbart, but also provides advertising space on the presumably unsuspicious video portal YouTube – which together with Google belongs to Alphabet. According to Google, 400 hours of video material are uploaded on YouTube every minute. Recently, advertising banners popped up next to videos showing the former leader of the Klu Klux Klan or an Islamistic preacher. Matt Brittin, Googles head of Europe, the Middle East and Africa, apologised for this placement and promised to do better in the future. However, Brittin has declined declined to say whether Google would begin actively seeking out such content and taking action against it, "The Guardian" reported. Until now, the company has only intervened when users reported offensive content. However, pressure on Google is rising day by day: Last Thursday US pharmaceutical and consumer goods producer Johnson & Johnson announced that they would pull all ads from YouTube. Silence from the Agencies Coca-Cola Austria, on the other hand, has not replied to the question whether the company will cancel advertising with Google in order to push the technology corporation to show more transparency and diligence in the placement of their ads. Other questions also remain open, for instance whether Coca-Cola, as an official advertising partner of David Alaba, has the unrestricted right to use his picture for any online advertising. Or whether placement on certain pages is excluded by contract. Alabas agency Avantgarde Sponsoring has not responded to multiple requests. Also, the person in charge of all communication of Sky in Austria and Germany has been keeping a low profile. In an effort to nevertheless retrace common practice in the marketing of footballers, the "Wiener Zeitung" contacted two leading player consulting companies in Germany. But despite the assurance of anonymity, they were not willing to provide any information. Werbung Mehr zu diesem Thema Drucken Schlagwörter Breitbart, David Alaba, Coca-Cola, Sky, Google, Bayern München Leserkommentare Mit dem Absenden des Kommentars erkennen Sie unsere Online-Nutzungsbedingungen an. Bei Antworten benachrichtigen Geben Sie hier Ihren Kommentar ein... Absenden * Pflichtfelder (E-Mail-Adresse wird nicht veröffentlicht) Dokumenten Information Copyright © Wiener Zeitung Online 2017 Dokument erstellt am 2017-03-24 11:15:40 Letzte Änderung am 2017-03-24 11:51:16 Mehr aus dem Ressort Eiserne Romantiker Der 1. FC Union Berlin kämpft mit österreichischer Beteiligung um den Aufstieg in die erste Bundesliga. weiter Ex-Teamspieler Ernst Ogris verstorben Fußballer wurde nur 49 Jahre alt. weiter Nur der Ball ist rund ÖFB-Team hinterlässt nach dem Test gegen Finnland Ratlosigkeit - so wird Irland zur Herkulesaufgabe. weiter Magerer Erkenntnisgewinn Österreichs Fußballer müssen sich gegen Finnland mit einem 1:1 begnügen. weiter Beliebte Inhalte Meistgelesen Eiserne Romantiker Der Winter, ein Spektakel Ex-Teamspieler Ernst Ogris verstorben Fluch und Segen der Tradition Verjagte Volkshelden Meistkommentiert Marcel der Große Werbung Schlagwörter Andre Schürrle Baseball Chicago Cubs Donald Trump Eishockey Finnland Formel 1 Fußball Major League Baseball ÖFB Sebastian Vettel Tourismus Türkei USA Hockey Werbung Werbung Startseite Nachrichten Welt Europa Österreich Wien Kultur Wirtschaft Sport Wahlen Themen Channel Bildung Digital Integration Literatur Lebensart Musik Recht Reflexionen Spiele Stadt & Land Wissen Zeitreisen Meinungen Leitartikel Glossen Gastkommentare Kommentare Blogs Leserforum Analysen Porträts Cartoons Dossiers 1914 Armenischer Genozid Artenschutz Asyl Autismus Brexit 360°-eXodus Boko Haram CES CETA Comics & Mangas Diagonale Digitalisierung Dylan Römische Verträge Februar 1934 Fukushima Griechenland-Schuldenstreit Iran 2017 IS-Terrormiliz Jahresvorschau 2017 Künstliche Intelligenz Die Kurden Nahostkonflikt Netzpolitik Oscar OSZE Parken in Wien Präsident T Pentagongelder Platten der 60er/70er Jahre Pratergeschichten Raumfahrt Salzburger Festspiele Scroll Stories Shakespeare Raumvisionen Start-Up-Boom Syrien - Ein zerstörtes Land TTIP UN Generalsekretariat US-Wahl 2016 Viennale Wald Weihnachten Wiener Kongress Zika-Virus Amtsblatt Suche Aktuelle Ausgabe Alte Ausgaben Konkurse Mein Bereich Jobs Info Immobilien Abo Aboangebote Abovorteile ABO+ Abo-Service Beilagen WienerJournal extra ProgrammPunkte Future Atlas Together Weinzeit Sonderthemen "Plus" Unternehmen Kontakt Verlag Redaktion WZ Jobs bei der Wiener Zeitung Redaktionsstatut Impressum AGB English Information about Wiener Zeitung Volltextsuche Wiener Zeitung - 1030 Wien Maria-Jacobi-Gasse 1 Tel. 01/206 99 0 Home Impressum AGB Unternehmen Kontakt Bitte Javascript aktivieren!
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Computer  |  News  | Google is now expanding protection for Chrome users on MacOS Google is now expanding protection for Chrome users on MacOS Google Safe browsing is expanding its protection to promote safe browsing experience and reduce MacOS-specific malware and unwanted software By: Samden Sherpa Published: Saturday, March 4, 2017, 17:36 [IST] With an aim to promote safe browsing experience and reduce MacOS-specific malware and unwanted software, Google Safe browsing is expanding protection for Chrome users on Mac PCs. So if you use Chrome for internet browsing on your mac, you might just see a warning sign the next time you navigate to dangerous sites or download malicious files. This might be really helpful in terms of keeping your PC safe and secure. SEE ALSO: Google Chrome adds new feature that supports VR content on the web Moreover, Google with Safe Browsing is focusing on removing two common abuses experienced in web browsing. Firstly it will remove unwanted ad injection and secondly, it will prevent manipulation of Chrome user settings, specifically the start page, homepage, and default search engine. In this regard Google has stated, "Users deserve full control of their browsing experience." SEE ALSO: Google Pixel 2 likely to be launched in October as per the company executive In terms of when the new process will be implemented, Google has said, "Starting March 31, 2017, Chrome and Safe Browsing will warn users about software that attempts to modify Chrome settings without using the API." Source Apple iPhone 7 49,990 Specs Competitors Images Gallery   |   11 Photos Apple iPhone 7 +See All Read More About google | apple | mac | computers | internet | apps | software | news Other articles published on Mar 4, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Microsoft offers new calling features to Skype for Business BSNL and Nokia to develop 5G ecosystem in India How Android Nougat protects you from Ransomware Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Oppo Find 9 to launch in the 2nd half of 2017 OPPO F3 Plus is a no compromise flagship phone at an affordable price Google allows you to book fitness classes now Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 pre-order opens today at 12PM Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is now used as Monitoring Cameras Gionee A1 First Review: It lasts long and captures good selfies Micromax Bharat 2 with 4G VoLTE spotted online at Rs 2,999 Twitter: Eases 140-character limit in your replies LG may build Pixel 3; Google to reach 5 million Pixel sales in 2018 Jio Prime vs non-Prime plans: Should you subscribe or not? Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Home Photos XML Contact Us News Maps Travel India Info Games Education Self Help Recipes Names Astrology Home » News » West Bengal News » Google launches knowledge graph in Bengali language Google launches knowledge graph in Bengali language 21 hours ago | 30-03-2017 | IBNS New Delhi/ Kolkata, Mar 29 : Aimed at helping Bengali speakers discover new information quickly, Google on Wednesday announced the introduction of Knowledge Graph in Bengali language on Google Search. In addition, Google Search will now also support spell correction for Bengali queries improving the Search experience for the millions of Bengali speakers around the world. The Knowledge Graph enables users to search for things, people or places that Google knows aboutlandmarks, celebrities, cities, sports teams, buildings, geographical features, movies, celestial objects, works of art and more. The feature allows users to get straight to the answer and not trillions of webpages to scroll through. Starting today, when you search for cricket legend Sourav Ganguly in Bengali, Google Search will show you things, not strings and youll instantly get information thats relevant to your query such as Souravs date of birth, his number as an active cricket player, or links to his profile on social media in Bengali, read a statement issued by Google India. Previous News Next News Top Stories Everything you need to know about 'Tennis Elbow' Prostate and male hormone deficiency compromise quality of life in elderly Decoding the causes of foot problem in diabetes New migraine find paves way for dopamine-based therapies Most Read Kingsman: The Golden Circle new poster released Bollywood: Motion poster of Sridevi's 'Mom' released The moment when Shah Rukh Khan felt 'he has done something right' Akshay Kumar unveils first poster of 'Toilet Ek Prem Katha' News Categories World India Business Sports Bollywood Hollywood Television Education Health Technology Automobile Travel Computer Features Agriculture Bank News Telecom Literature Fashion Middle East United Kingdom United States More News Andhra Pradesh Gujarat Kerala Karnataka Maharashtra Orissa Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu West Bengal More Regional Tamil Cinema Telugu Cinema Malayalam Cine Quick Links News Maps Travel India Info Games Education Self Help Recipes Names Astrology © Copyright 2017 newkerala.com. All rights reserved. | CONTACT US
Please enter your login details    Comment   Forgot password? Rewards Sunday Times The Times LIVE Sites Sowetan LIVE Sunday World BDlive Books Live Other Times Media Titles SEARCH JOBS   m.timeslive.co.za Times LIVE Japan scientist eyes energy burst from 'typhoon turbine' Quadriplegic man regains use of arm in medical first: study SUBSCRIBE AM PM Marketing News South Africa Africa World Police search for 'abducted' preschool children in Durban Police and security personnel are leading a desperate search for a group of preschool children‚ purportedly abducted by gunmen in the wake of a cash-in-transit heist in Pinetown‚ west of Durban‚ on Friday morning. Rand crashes 5%‚ banks expected to go into free-fall as Zuma fires Gordhan German tourist missing in surf at St Francis Bay R500m Trudon fraud suspect Adriaan van Vuuren found dead in hotel room Pagad leads uprising after suspect in girl's murder appears in neighbourhood KZN hostels a breeding ground for hit men‚ inquiry hears RTMC will know on Monday whether its application to take over eNatis from Tasima will succeed Mali's state of emergency extended by 10 days The state of emergency in force almost non-stop for 16 months in Mali was extended by 10 days from Friday, the government said. Malawi urged to ban cheap super-strong liquor destroying young lives Over 60,000 South Sudanese enter Sudan in three months: UN Bodies of two UN experts found in DR Congo as violence spirals Armed man arrested trying to enter Tunisian parliament Pace of reform slows as Nigeria's ailing Buhari slims his schedule Zimbabwe urges citizens to switch to rand Close call for Venice's Rialto Bridge Three men from Kosovo and an unidentified minor have been arrested in Venice on suspicion of plotting to blow up the city's celebrated Rialto Bridge, Italian police said yesterday. Former Trump advisor Flynn offers testimony for immunity: report Transgender Vietnamese turn to black market hormones Shark found on road after Cyclone Debbie brings torrential rain to Australia Number of Syrian refugees passes five million: UN US state reaches deal to repeal transgender 'bathroom law' Cathay Pacific wins contempt appeal after failing to honour emailed court order barring kids' deportation Politics Politics Zuma reshuffle an act of ‘complete state capture’ – opposition Opposition parties have lambasted President Jacob Zuma over his late-night Cabinet reshuffle. Pravin Gordhan was not told he had been replaced SA 'will not follow Zimbabwe over land' FIRED‚ MOVED and SAFE: These are the ministers hit by Zuma's swinging axe Save South Africa calls for protest after Cabinet reshuffle Gordhan axed as Gigaba takes control of SA's purse strings Opinion: How Zuma's firing of Gordhan severely damages South Africa Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Golf Tennis Motor Sport More Sport It's about a trophy, not revenge - Maketa Warriors coach Malibongwe Maketa has played down suggestions that the Momentum One Day Cup final against the Titans in Centurion this afternoon will be a grudge match. Chiefs and Sundowns in titanic title tussle Jose blasts friendlies after Jones injures toe Mosimane mind games Allocations proposed for 48-team World Cup SuperSport give Safa permission to speak to Baxter about the Bafana coaching job Ajax vs United is a battle between two sides coached‚ somewhat unsuccessfully‚ by De Sa Silence on Ackermann speaks volumes It wasn't so much what they said, as what they didn’t say, that fuelled further speculation that Lions coach Johan Ackermann will go to Gloucester this year. Lions aim to ‘starve’ Sharks Wallabies flyhalf Foley out again as concussion lingers Stormers coach Fleck shuffles the deck for Cheetahs clash Jurie Roux defends SA Rugby's R23.3 million loss in last financial year The Bulls have a mountain to climb against the Chiefs in Hamilton SA Rugby announce new domestic sponsor against backdrop of financial loss Elliott joins Brummie Bears New Zealand all-rounder Grant Elliott has agreed to play for Warwickshire during their Twenty20 Blast campaign later this year. Warriors hoping to be second time lucky against the Titans in the final Titans coach Mark Boucher defends out-of-form Amla‚ Cook and Duminy De Villiers and Morris delay departure to the IPL by a few days to feature for the Titans in the MOD Cup final Soggy series win for SA in New Zealand 'Aussies not my friends' Warriors on the warpath in One Day Cup final against the Titans Women call to 'dump Trump' While the ANA Inspiring Women in Sports Conference was under way this week, a plane flew over Mission Hills towing a banner reading: "USGA & LPGA: DUMP TRUMP". Jordan Spieth looking forward to shedding Augusta hoodoo Golf to salute 'The King' at Arnold Palmer Invitational Muirfield opens doors to women - and the Open Historic Muirfield club to allow women members Injury-plagued Tiger Woods to miss Arnold Palmer tournament Bjork, Jamieson stay ahead in Tshwane Open Nadal socks it to Jack, Fabio awaits in semifinal Rafael Nadal took a step closer to a possible final against long-time rival Roger Federer in the Miami Open after a straight-sets win over American Jack Sock at Key Biscayne. Nadal on track for Federer showdown as Sock downed Djokovic knocked out of Acapulco ATP event by Kyrgios Rafael Nadal rolls into Mexico Open quarter-finals Novak Djokovic battles into Acapulco quarter-finals Vettel and Ferrari are back in the sunshine Sebastian Vettel has lived through a number of false dawns at Ferrari but bright sunshine bathed the team's garage after the German's Australian Grand Prix victory yesterday. Lewis Hamilton fights off Vettel to grab Aussie GP pole Tour de France sets wheels in motion for Chinese revolution Lewis Hamilton 'in league of his own' after Aussie blitz Lewis Hamilton leaves rivals in the dust in season's first practice Lewis wants to see more women in the paddock Lewis Hamilton looks for fast start to new Formula One season It's Smiling Blue Eyes in a Classic Country Garden More than 100 horses will be racing at Turffontein tomorrow and each one will carry a weight of expectation to win. After all, it is Classic Day, one of Joburg's biggest turf occasions, with a host of top contests. WATCH: It's time I gave SA a show not on TV – Van Niekerk confirms participation in SA champs Olympic champion Wayde van Niekerk becomes a Discovery Vitality ambassador 'Marginal gains a load of rubbish' Tour de France sets wheels in motion for Chinese revolution Grey with lightning in the desert WATCH: Recently married Anaso Jobodwana thankful for his speed Entertainment Entertainment Competitions Online radio: all foam no beer? Three years ago, Gareth Cliff left 5FM and announced he would be launching an online radio portal. IN MEMES: Nadia Nakai's booty drives Twitter insane Joe Mafela's 6-ton tombstone temporarily removed How Idols winner Noma Khumalo beat body-shamming: Now I want to represent plus-sized women Levels! These 4 lavish celeb tombstones will leave you impressed Slim thick? This picture of Pearl Thusi is beyond WATCH: Joe Mafela talks about life, career and staying professional in one of his last interviews Life & Style Life & Style Food IgnitionLive Books LIVE In Your Corner ADHD screening first for SA Tongues wag in middle class schools about Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder. Are teachers raising too many red flags‚ or have diagnostics simply improved – leading to higher numbers of ADHD kids in each school? 7 iconic cars that kick-started the motoring revolution Best of SA Fashion Week Day 2 Cape Town Fashion Week: when times are tough, dress up in rich fabrics Evita strips off her eyelashes: Pieter-Dirk Uys shares his life story on stage Chinese designer adds a bit of Tang to SA Fashion Week Rise of the anti-Trump hairstyle Consumer Live Consumer Live Wesbank accused of 'coaxing' defaulting consumers to surrender their cars The National Credit Regulator has accused Wesbank of illegally “coaxing” defaulting customers into handing over their cars to the bank’s appointed recovery agents‚ thus undermining the voluntary nature of the surrender process. Game stores recall 'full HD' TVs that aren't It's high time you got alarmed Don't call us‚ we'll call you‚ and we'll make sure you get help: Credit Ombud Emirates working on solution to electronics ban on international flights Compulsory selfies for Uber drivers How the electronics ban on flights will affect SA travellers Motoring Motoring Ford recalls Ford Fiesta ST models Days after Ford SA CEO Jeffery Nemeth was summoned to the vehicle manufacturer's headquarters in the US‚ the multinational has recalled 1 078 Ford Fiesta ST models in South Africa. Porsche ups the potency for 2017 Lamborghini breaks another record Mercedes ignition fault can only be fixed mid-2017‚ waiting for parts What are the five fastest production cars money can buy? Land Rover officially lifts the veil on the Velar Why drive if you can fly by Hoverbike? Sci-Tech Scitech Japan kills 333 whales in annual Antarctic hunt A Japanese whaling fleet returned to port Friday after an annual Antarctic hunt that killed more than 300 of the mammals as Tokyo pursues the programme in defiance of global criticism. Electromagnetic fields linked with nerve disease: study Decorated bird bone suggests Neanderthals had eye for aesthetics SpaceX poised to launch first recycled rocket Two possible landing sites for ExoMars mission Government says El Nino drought likely in 2017 'Underwater wasteland' worries after cyclone hits Barrier Reef SUNDAY TIMES     Latest previous next Jose blasts friendlies after Jones injures toe Flintstones were maybe kinda arty It's Smiling Blue Eyes in a Classic Country Garden Choc bars told to slim down to meet obesity targets Court to hand down judgment on zol today Silence on Ackermann speaks volumes Women call to 'dump Trump' Phone fog left kids stranded Wheeler dealer loses his wheels The Big Read: Welcome ghosts come calling Apps to prick up ears Pothole in road to riches for former municipal manager In this crazy place, you can't make up this kind of stuff Zuma's night of long knives risks ANC split My office needs R1bn to 'stay afloat': Public Protector Rand crashes 5%‚ banks expected to go into free-fall as Zuma fires Gordhan Online radio: all foam no beer? Mosimane mind games Lions aim to ‘starve’ Sharks Allocations proposed for 48-team World Cup SA 'will not follow Zimbabwe over land' Japan kills 333 whales in annual Antarctic hunt Mali's state of emergency extended by 10 days Former Trump advisor Flynn offers testimony for immunity: report FIRED‚ MOVED and SAFE: These are the ministers hit by Zuma's swinging axe IN MEMES: Nadia Nakai's booty drives Twitter insane Transgender Vietnamese turn to black market hormones Wallabies flyhalf Foley out again as concussion lingers Save South Africa calls for protest after Cabinet reshuffle Zuma's axe falls in cabinet reshuffle UPDATE: ANC top 6 meeting wraps, reshuffle expected German tourist missing in surf at St Francis Bay BREAKING: Zuma summons ANC top 5 to urgent meeting R500m Trudon fraud suspect Adriaan van Vuuren found dead in hotel room Shark found on road after Cyclone Debbie brings torrential rain to Australia SuperSport give Safa permission to speak to Baxter about the Bafana coaching job EFF ConCourt application a litany of Zuma’s contradictions Fri Mar 31 09:09:02 SAST 2017 Birds hit by cars have smaller brains Home Sci-Tech Article Google ad boycott could aim ire at ad-serving software AFP | 2017-03-24 11:05:17.0 Google offices in Toronto. File photo. Image by: MARK BLINCH / REUTERS Google's money-making foundation is strong enough to endure a current boycott by advertisers, but the movement could rattle the practice of software "programmed" ad placement, analysts said on Thursday. Save & Share Tweet Email Print The internet giant's core business of serving up advertising along with online search results appeared to be safe from the boycott, motivated by companies seeking assurances that their marketing messages won't be displayed along with hateful or outright terrorist content, particularly videos on Google-operated YouTube. The "backlash" could broaden into a rebellion against the market practice of software programming ad placements, slowing not only Google's revenue but also that of other internet firms, according to Jackdaw chief analyst Jan Dawson. "I would think Google (and parent company Alphabet) would be extremely lucky to emerge from all this with minimal financial impact," he said in a blog post. "I think it's far more likely it sees both a short-term dent in its revenues and profits from the spreading boycotts and possibly a longer-term impact as brands reconsider their commitments to programmatic advertising in general." California-based Google, which has seen a slew of companies withdraw ads fearing placement alongside extremist content, said this week it is introducing new tools to give firms greater control. "We know advertisers don't want their ads next to content that doesn't align with their values," Google's chief business officer Philipp Schindler said in a blog post. "We're taking a tougher stance on hateful, offensive and derogatory content." The boycott began last week after the Times newspaper of London found BBC programs were promoted alongside videos posted by American white supremacist and former Ku Klux Klan member David Duke as well as Wagdi Ghoneim, an Islamist preacher banned from Britain for inciting hatred. The analysis found more than 200 anti-Semitic videos, and that Google had failed to remove six of them within the 24-hour period mandated by the European Union after it anonymously signaled their presence. The British government subsequently put its YouTube advertising on hold, saying in a statement, "it is totally unacceptable that taxpayer-funded advertising has appeared next to inappropriate internet content." Others to pull the plug, temporarily at least, include the BBC, The Guardian newspaper group, McDonalds UK and the British arm of the major advertising agency Havas. The movement spread to the United States this week, with AT&T and Verizon pulling ads from Google. Google's parent Alphabet has lost slightly more than $20 billion in value since the start of this week based on a slip in its share price, in a sign the boycott has made investors nervous. Still, analysts believe the boycott's overall financial impact should be relatively small given the breadth of Google's advertising activities. Even a "draconian" estimate of fiscal damage was limited to whittling perhaps a percent off Alphabet's revenue, Morgan Stanley said in a note to investors. "It is a hit on their revenue, but it is an even bigger hit on their brand; on their reputation," Altimeter Group principal analyst Charlene Li said. "Google hasn't taken it seriously enough." She recommended that Google engage advertisers directly and openly. A solution may not be easy. Google needs to strike a balance between pleasing advertisers and those who upload videos to YouTube and are free to take their creations elsewhere if unsatisfied with their shares of ad revenue. Google's setbacks could benefit traditional television networks as ad dollars return there from YouTube or stall a shift to online, Morgan Stanley said. Google rivals such as Facebook could also benefit if they prove safer havens for digital advertising. Above all, the boycott highlights the limits of "programmatic" advertising, the practice of letting software algorithms decide pairing between marketing messages and content sought by online viewers. The technology is broadly used by internet firms, which heavily rely on software and artificial intelligence to figure out what ads will interest people at any given moment. Advertisers can chose "keywords" for targeting their ads, or sometimes use demographic options such as age groups or where people live. Google and the leading social network Facebook stopped publishing ads on websites posting sensational and fabricated stories following controversy about the role "fake news" may have played in the US presidential election last year. In February, YouTube ended an advertising partnership with its biggest star, PewDiePie, who had published videos containing anti-Semitic insults and Nazi references. The boycott will push for programmatic ad software to become more precise and better understand the content offered for pairing in order to reduce risks for advertisers, Li said. Share Tweet SHARE YOUR OPINION If you have an opinion you would like to share on this article, please send us an e-mail to the Times LIVE iLIVE team. In the mean time, click here to view the Times LIVE iLIVE section. Most Popular Today This Week 1 Zuma considers stepping down early in deal to oust Gordhan 2 BREAKING: Zuma summons ANC top 5 to urgent meeting 3 BREAKING: Zuma to justify Gordhan axing with intelligence report - sources 4 JUST IN: Pravin Gordhan axed as finance minister 5 Levels! These 4 lavish celeb tombstones will leave you impressed 1 Jaws drop in court as airport heist accused reveals he earns R400,000 a month 2 BREAKING: Zuma to justify Gordhan axing with intelligence report - sources 3 In primary school and pregnant: The shocking numbers 4 Malema wanted money from me‚ claims Minister Mokonyane 5 Victim of Quantum taxi rape steps forward Read more popular stories Sponsored Links Main Menu News Politics Business Entertainment Life & Style Sci-Tech Consumer Live Sport Food Our Network Sunday Times SowetanLIVE Sunday World BusinessLIVE Business Day Financial Mail Rand Daily Mail Wanted Online BooksLIVE HeraldLIVE DispatchLIVE IgnitionLIVE Social Network Facebook Twitter Instagram Online Services Advertise Online Mobile site RSS Feeds Syndication Print Services Advertise in print Subscription Services e-Paper Ezines/Magazines SA Home Owner Business Media MAGS African Leader Banker SA FM Boardroom FM Travel Franchising Healthy Times Infrastructure Journal of SA Architecture Pursuit SA Mining Voice of Local Government Contact Us Contact Details Other Terms & Conditions BEE Credentials Times LIVE © Fri Mar 31 09:09:02 SAST 2017 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. X
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Brand Equity LATEST NEWS South Korea's Park Geun-Hye in custody after court orders arrest Hurriyat calls for strike against Narendra Modi's visit to Jammu & Kashmir 1984 riots case: Jagdish Tytler refuses to undergo lie detection test India, Peru complement each other; Lima hopes to be Delhi's gateway to the region: Minister Five dead after inhaling toxic gas in Andhra Pradesh Donald Trump predicts 'very difficult' summit with Xi Jinping Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Magazines Panache Tech and GadgetsWorklifeCars & BikesLifestyleHealthPeopleEntertainmentBooksCity LifeHumourBetween The Lines ET Wealth Brand Equity Corporate Dossier ET Magazine Travel ET Home›Magazines›Brand Equity 10:26 AM | 31 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,603-44.39 NIFTY 50 9,163-10.65 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,476-66.00 USD/INR 64.81-0.11 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty flat; GE Shipping rallies 5% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW How much is at stake for YouTube with advertisers boycotting over offensive content? By Ravi Balakrishnan & Shephali Bhatt, ET Bureau | Updated: Mar 29, 2017, 07.17 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » YouTube | Google | brands | brand equity | advertising Concerns about "objectionable content" probably matter slightly less to some Indian marketers than their more sensitive western counterparts. Tax planning: How to complete all tax work before March 31 The YouTube Brandcast was supposed to be a victory lap for the video sharing site. And it mostly was, with YouTube getting unstinting praise, courtesy speakers from HUL and Maruti. But souring the celebratory vibe somewhat was an issue that Rajan Anandan, vice president, Google India and South Asia, felt compelled to address. "Brand safety is extremely critical," he said highlighting a major source of bad press for Google and YouTube over the last week. "Even one ad impression on inappropriate content is a major issue for brands." YouTube's troubles began in the UK when a report in The Times highlighted that advertising for leading brands had appeared alongside highly controversial content -- for instance, Volkswagen on the official YouTube channel of a radical Islamist accused of promoting terrorism and Toyota alongside a notoriously homophobic preacher. One agency group, Havas, and, according to a report in The Times, a laundry list of advertisers including the BBC, Tesco, L'Oreal and McDonald's, had withdrawn advertising on the site from the UK market. The numbers had swelled to include Verizon, AT&T and Johnson & Johnson, at the time of going to print.Some media estimates put the number of brands opting out as high as 250. A statement on the company's website said "Johnson & Johnson has decided to pause all YouTube digital advertising globally to ensure our product advertising does not appear on channels that promote offensive content." The issue has become serious enough for some leading media agencies in India to reach out to key clients. While the message they sent does not recommend dropping YouTube, it does highlight the concerns generated. So, why now and what next? Brand Equity spoke to people across the spectrum to figure how this came to be such a big problem and what it could mean for India Why Now? "People are not asking simple questions" When print and TV were the only options, it was easier to decide what was and wasn't kosher. Filters were in place: clients who didn't want to advertise to children, wouldn't find their ads on a kid's channel. But according to Vikram Sakhuja, partner and group CEO Madison Media, "The opaqueness and lack of knowledge on digital channels makes this a lot tougher. For instance, if my brand is all about happiness, and it shows up on a site with 'happy endings', is it Google's fault or the fault of the person who wanted the keyword without thinking things through?" "When you were spending 5%, who cared? But when it's 32% you go 'oh shit something needs to change.'" There are several hilarious examples of ads appearing against a backdrop of inappropriate content. However shift the venue from a local newspaper to the internet, make the marketers involved some of the biggest brands in the world and suddenly, nobody is laughing. As Gonzalo Fuentes, global CEO media & digital practice at Kantar Insights, puts it, "The P&Gs and Cokes etc realise their investment is pretty high on digital. The mood has changed from experimentation to accountability." The result: People are no longer willing to let things they always knew were happening, slide. As Fuentes puts it, "When you were spending 5%, who cared? But when it's 32% you go 'oh shit something needs to change.'" Blame it on brands becoming more "purpose driven" Objectionable content doesn't exist in a vacuum: there's obviously people consuming it, with the capacity and intention to spend. The bigger problem here is brands starting to get squeamish. Says Karthik Srinivasan, national lead, Social@Ogilvy,"That's the fuddy-duddy stuck-up variety: people who still see the world as just Black or White. The new world is fully grey." As Sakhuja points out, it gets murky when the ads are seen as the brand tacitly endorsing that environment. "There's always politics and a bigger picture in play" Even as Lindsay Pattison, CEO, Maxus Worldwide acknowledges, "Brand safety is a real issue," she's not entirely sure if it counts as a massive global concern. She adds, "In the UK, it's a specific challenge since The Times has chosen to surface it and you know who owns The Times - Rupert Murdoch. One might suggest he's losing money to the online giants. There's always politics and a bigger picture in play." Objection Overruled Concerns about "objectionable content" probably matter slightly less to some Indian marketers than their more sensitive western counterparts. Zomato once famously advertised its wares on porn sites. In a blog written around the time, Deepinder Goyal, its founder and CEO said, "We were pretty pleased with it, because it checked all the boxes of a successful growth hack - the ads got us lots of eyeballs, millions of clicks, a bump up in online orders, and all at a ridiculously low cost." He suspended the campaign after the backlash conceding "We sense we crossed the fine line between marketing irreverence and cultural insensitivity," while promising future marketing campaigns that "may or may not be everybody's cup of tea. But we will also be more mindful of the boundaries we're playing inside." Then there was the time Tata Sky pushed its content on torrent sites, largely blacklisted as sworn enemies of the entertainment industry. Explaining the choice, Malay Dikshit, chief commercial officer, Tata Sky, says, "With Game of Torrents, the objective was to drive people away from pirated content so that they watch legitimate and licensed versions. We strongly believe, such bold moves should be replicated and encouraged by all content owners." But he also believes, "Any product or advertisement seen alongside objectionable content without being in control of it, is absolutely undesired by any brand owner." What Next? Tear down the walled gardens and tame the Wild West One of the most common demands from marketers and agencies is an end to the walled garden approach of the social media giants. It's entirely likely that a crisis is being used to push a long-hoped for agenda, but the one thing everyone we spoke to agreed on, was that third party monitoring, in whatever shape or form, was essential. According to Pattison, who also cautions against knee-jerk reactions, GroupM has been leading the way; it even has a global head of brand safety in John Montgomery. This comes at a price but includes black lists, white lists and private marketplaces, where no controversial content will be served. YouTube instead relies on its algorithms to do the work. But, Pattison says, "Occasionally the algorithm gets it wrong." Brand safety is a minor issue compared to others waiting in the wings For instance, bots, which according to a study by the Association of National Advertisers in America will cost advertisers globally $7.2 billion. Or viewability. Fuentes cites stats from the Interactive Advertising Bureau to point out that 55% of impressions served globally are non-viewable: which means the ad is streaming to a part of a browser that's not visible or on a tab that a user has moved away from. Google has apologised but a lot more is expected In his speech, Anandan outlined major changes familiar to anyone who'd read a blog on the topic posted by Philipp Schindler, chief business officer at Google. These include "Raising the bar for our ad policies, increasing brand safety controls, including new controls and accelerating reviews and improving transparency. "Also, upping the speed at which it reacts to complaints. Numerous Google executives including Schindler, publicly apologised. But brands are proving a hard lot to satisfy. As J&J stated, "We take this matter very seriously and will continue to take every measure to ensure our brand advertising is consistent with our brand values." The week to come will prove if YouTube will have as much success drawing back advertisers as it had, over the years, drawing in audiences keen for their fix of very-few-holds-barred content. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon The Impossibly Comfortable Indoor-Outdoor Slipper mahabis.com This game will keep you up all night! Vikings: Free Online GameMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times NJ Gamers: Have fun and give back at the same time PalaCasino See 4 Risks You’ll Face with 3D Printing Travelers Amazon sales tax nationwide starting April 1st simpleread.org Providing Access to Funds with Consumer Protection: Small .. Intuit Tax and Financial Center Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport China cautioned over Silk Road projects in disputed regions Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale READ MORE ON » YouTube | Google | brands | brand equity | advertising To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Galaxy S7: Here's what has changed Anand Mahindra feels extremely proud of Uday Kotak, the man he mentored Eating peanuts every day may keep heart diseases at bay! Shah Rukh Khan summoned by Railway Police for man's death during Raees promotions Facebook and Messenger apps may soon stop working on some smartphones More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Gold rate Income Tax Slabs|Income Tax calculator RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Donate Friends of The Conversation Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Donate Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Affordable Care Act Marijuana Opioids Vaccines Zika Yes, your doctor might Google you March 30, 2017 12.26am EDT Information doctors find out about you online may affect your treatment. But not all of it is accurate or relevant. from www.shutterstock.com Yes, your doctor might Google you March 30, 2017 12.26am EDT Merle Spriggs Author Merle Spriggs Research Fellow at the Children's Bioethics Centre, University of Melbourne Disclosure statement Merle Spriggs is also Honorary Research Fellow at Murdoch Childrens Research Institute. Partners University of Melbourne provides funding as a founding partner of The Conversation AU. Victoria State Government provides funding as a strategic partner of The Conversation AU. View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons license. Information doctors find out about you online may affect your treatment. But not all of it is accurate or relevant. from www.shutterstock.com Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Messenger When we think about Google and health, we usually think about patients searching online for health information. But you may be surprised that some doctors Google you. An Australian survey of how doctors use social media found about 16% (about one in six) had searched for online information about a patient, with roughly similar results from studies in the US and Canada. This raises several ethical concerns. For instance, what if your doctor’s search through your Facebook, blog or Twitter feeds revealed aspects about your lifestyle, like drug or alcohol use, you didn’t tell your doctor directly? What if that information influenced your access to surgery? Why doctors Google patients Some doctors say they Google their patients to gather more information about them or to discover the “truth”. Armed with that information, they say they can better care for their patients and improve their health. For instance, a doctor may see a patient with depression’s online account of wanting to end his life as an opportunity to take action and prevent a bad outcome. Or a doctor may find out about adolescent high-risk behaviour they are not likely to talk about, like drug abuse or risky sexual behaviour, and see that as an opportunity to protect them from harm. Alternatively, some doctors Google their patients out of curiosity, voyeurism or simply habit. This raises the issue of when a legitimate professional concern tips over into behaviour that’s unnecessary and “creepy”. To Google or not is an issue doctors admit to grappling with. In an Australian survey, when doctors were asked if it was appropriate for doctors to look up publicly available information about a patient, almost 43% said no and around 40% were unsure. Breaching trust When a doctor searches online for information about a patient without consent, their role changes from someone who works with the patient to someone who observes and spies on them. From a patient’s viewpoint, this is likely to destroy trust between the two, as it shows a lack of respect. Patients can also be directly harmed when doctors act on information they find online. If a doctor sees an online photo of a patient waiting for a liver transplant drinking alcohol when they shouldn’t be, patients risk missing out on receiving a new liver. Then there’s the issue of whether the information is recent or relevant. In the case of the liver transplant dilemma, we might not know when the photo of the liver transplant patient was taken; it is not proof the patient is drinking now. Doctors, like the rest of us, also cannot be sure online information is accurate. For instance, more than 50% of adolescents admit posting false information on social media. To act or not to act? Deciding to search for information about their patients online is not the end of the matter. Doctors also need to decide whether to admit Googling and whether to act on the information they find. Doctors are legally required under mandatory reporting laws to report information they have viewed relating to child abuse and neglect. But if they act on inaccurate information, that can harm the patient and others. If they don’t act on the information they find, they could be liable for not trying to protect the patient. In the end, doctors need to satisfy themselves that they have good reason to take action (or not take action) based on weighing up the likely benefits and harms. While there may be some justification for looking at patient information online when it relates to child safety, for adult patients, it’s a different matter. For adults, it would be easier and more respectful to just ask them. What can we do? Regardless of any ethical concerns, how realistic is it for doctors to stop Googling their patients? Using Google is so common (globally, we use it to make 3.5 billion searches a day) that it has become the default way we find out information online. Many doctors also don’t think Googling a patient is an invasion of privacy. Patients should be aware that their doctor can see and use the information they put online. To safeguard their privacy, patients can adjust their privacy settings and be careful of what they post. Perhaps there should be policy on the need for doctors to be open about Googling their patients. And, before they act on any information, patients should have an opportunity to refute or explain that information. If this doesn’t happen, we will see an continual erosion of trust between doctor and patient. Online privacy Privacy Google Medical ethics patient confidentiality Tweet Share Get newsletter We produce knowledge-based, ethical journalism. Please donate and help us thrive. Tax deductible. Make a donation You might also like Graph Search will allow users (and businesses) to pick out the information they want … assuming we let them in. vincos/Flickr Facebook’s Graph Search, privacy and the social media contradiction It can be difficult to find accurate health information on the web if you don’t know where to look. Chilcy Don’t rely on Dr Google for health information on the wild, wild web Should legislation be used to tame the search engine’s appetite? COG LOG LAB Who stole the cookies from the cookie jar? Google, that’s who “And then I instagrammed his appendix.” Mercy Some doctor-patient social media relationships are NSFW Most popular on The Conversation Why Russia gave up Alaska, America’s gateway to the Arctic How did celibacy become mandatory for priests? Why losing a dog can be harder than losing a relative or friend Stop obsessing over talent—everyone can sing What’s behind phantom cellphone buzzes? How I used math to develop an algorithm to help treat diabetes Debunking the ‘gaydar’ myth Study: 60 percent of rural millennials lack access to a political life Children understand far more about other minds than long believed Trump’s FCC continues to redefine the public interest as business interests Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 48,300 academics and researchers from 1,991 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Friends of The Conversation Research and Expert Database Our feeds Donate Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » Google Calendar finally has an iPad version Google Calendar finally has an iPad version Home » Apps & Software » Google Calendar finally has an iPad version Posted By Ola Ric on Mar 29, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                 Credit: http://www.theverge.com/2017/3/29/15099988/google-calendar-ipad-app-today-widget Finally, we have a Google Calendar version made just for iPad users. That’s some interesting news—and one that will gladden the hearts of many iPad users. Until the latest update, the popular scheduling app was only available to iPhone users due to the way Google customized or built it. The latest update means the app is now built with features that will also work on your iPhone; providing you with an alternative to Apple’s stock scheduler. Just as you have always wanted, you can now jot down appointments and set achievable long and short-term goals right within the iPad version of Google Calendar. Google has promised to add more features to the app in the no-distant future, and that should further gladden the hearts of everyone. For the sake of clarity, Google has only optimized the app to fit perfectly into the big screen of the iPad. The features are pretty much similar, jus that they are now much bigger and better. This brings an end to squinting at your phone screen to try and drag and drop appointment around in portrait mode. As a matter of fact, you can arrange or rearrange your schedule with so much ease and fun. One big absence in the latest change to hit the app is the Today View widget. That feature is not available for the iPad Notification Center yet; but of course, it continues to be available to iPhone users. Perhaps, Google is still working on that and could soon be available to other users in no distant future. One of the most interesting updates made to the app on Tuesday is the integration of 3D Touch throughout Google Calendar. Here is how to use it according to Google’s Product Manager Nabil Shahid in a blog post: “When you’re viewing web pages or search results and want to find out more, just hard press on the G button at the bottom of the page to instantly start a new search. Or you can hard press on Search results, Map results, and cards in your feed to see a preview of the content before opening it all the way.” In January, Google announced that you can connect Google Fit and Apple Health to your fitness goals in Calendar. The company said when you do activities in your favorite apps, they will now be recorded and used to mark goals in Google Calendar. This, according to Google, will be done automatically. Before that update, goals were manually marked as completed by users in the app. Recall that Google had promised back in 2016 to help users manage their busy schedule in order to achieve goals like working out, reading more books or learning a new language. The company believes that postponing a goal is very easy to happen to every one of us. However, with Google Goals, you won’t have issues finding time and sticking to it. Got something to add to this story? You can do that by using the comment box below. Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Ola Ric Ola Ric is a professional tech writer. He has written and provided tons of published articles for professionals and private individuals. He is also a social commentator and analyst, with relevant experience in the use of social media services. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Our Sponsor Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor Recent From Social Media News Facebook Fundraising Tools to Raise Money for Yourself and Others Mar 30, 2017 Twitter relaxes rule on 140-character limit in replies Mar 30, 2017 Facebook Messenger Live Location Is Now Available Mar 28, 2017 Facebook’s “Town Hall” is a new feature for contacting government officials Mar 27, 2017 Facebook confirms that it’s testing GIF button for comments Mar 24, 2017 Advertisement Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  Features  | How Android Nougat protects you from Ransomware How Android Nougat protects you from Ransomware Nougat is packed with security feature By: Shilpa Published: Thursday, March 30, 2017, 10:15 [IST] Ransomware being one of the oldest threat faced by desktop and notebook users have made a huge impact on few countries. Ransomware is a kind of malware which encrypts all the documents, media and other files on your device and demands some ransom to grant you the access to those files. Like other malware found online, even ransomware has two variants. One that locks only certain files present on your device and other that locks your entire system. Smartphones are normally attacked by the latter one. But According to Google, the Android users don't have to worry much about it since only a few apps from Google Play have ever contained ransomware till date. Also Read:  Understanding Ransomware Jason Woloz, senior Program Manager, Android Security says, "Since 2015, less than 0.00001 percent of installations from Google Play, and less than .01 percent of installations from sources other than Google Play were categorized as ransomware. That's less than the odds of getting struck by lightning twice in your lifetime." But as a precaution, the company want its Android users to know that they are on the safer end if they follow few guidelines outlined by them. Such safety measures are already implemented in its Android 7.0 Nougat release to protect your device from this malware. Also Read: Android 7.0 Nougat is giving a tough time to users, try these tricks to fix the common issues Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Safety Blinders: Jason describes one such measure as a ‘safety blinders' which ensures that an Android application will not be able to see other active apps running on the device at the same time. So, the apps with ransomware cannot understand what other apps are doing currently. This, in turn, protects your phone by not letting the attacker know your device's activity. Lock Screen: The search Giant has also made few changes in its lock screen feature to prevent this kind of attacks. Now one cannot easily misuse permission settings to change user's lock screen PIN. Also Read: Android 7.0 Nougat update comes to Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge in India Along with providing security from ransomware, it also protects you from another privacy threat known as clickjacking. In clickjacking, the apps permission will be granted to the attacker without user's knowledge. This is a serious threat, though.   Sandbox: Another best feature of Android is, all the apps are already sandboxed for safety. It ensures that all the applications in your device operate independently of each other. One cannot easily access your contact list by using other apps on your phone. It requires user's consent before sharing any such data with other apps. Though it's not impossible to break out this sandbox, but is said to be a very complicated task. Verify Apps: Other than these built-in security features, a user can protect himself from such attacks by carefully downloading apps from sites other than Google's Play Store. By enabling Android's Verify apps feature, one can prevent from such harmful effects. Also Read: How to set equalizer in OnePlus 3 running Android 7.0 Nougat It scans all the apps which are downloaded from other sources for malware. This scanning takes place both before downloading as well as after installing it on your device.   Reboot Or Reset: Even after your device is accidentally infected by this malware, you don't have to pay any ransom if you try booting it into the safe mode. By doing this, you will lose all the apps installed on you and your device will have only those apps which were present initially while unboxing. If this boot is successful, then you can uninstall the app having ransomware in it and reboot the device once again. If safe mode does not work, then you can reset your phone to factory settings. But before resetting, make sure you have backed up all your data.   Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Read More About android | nougat | internet | hackers | security | smartphones | mobiles | knowledge | news Other articles published on Mar 30, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus have been launched: A threat to the high-end smartphones Apple now rejects app with price in their name HTC U with Edge Sense launch pegged for April; Global release to happen in May Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Oppo Find 9 to launch in the 2nd half of 2017 OPPO F3 Plus is a no compromise flagship phone at an affordable price Google allows you to book fitness classes now Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 pre-order opens today at 12PM Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is now used as Monitoring Cameras Gionee A1 First Review: It lasts long and captures good selfies Micromax Bharat 2 with 4G VoLTE spotted online at Rs 2,999 Twitter: Eases 140-character limit in your replies LG may build Pixel 3; Google to reach 5 million Pixel sales in 2018 Jio Prime vs non-Prime plans: Should you subscribe or not? Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Register Log in | Register Jobs24 Localsearch24 FamilyNotices24 Homes24 Drive24 MyDate24 MyPhotos24 Classifieds youtube google plus twitter facebook useful links Search Search Term Search Advanced search Eastern Daily Press Toggle navigation Home E-edition Contact Us Advertise with Us Testimonials Send Us a Story IPSO Buy a Photo Reader Travel Family Notices Shop Edit Account E-edition Contact Us Advertise with Us Send Us a Story IPSO Buy a Photo Reader Travel Family Notices Shop Edit Account News Crime Politics Health ExCel Appeal Norfolk GPs Mental Health Watch Norfolk Care Homes Education Ofsted Map Future Voices Jobs Environment Tech Tourism Nostalgia Obituaries Weather Videos Royal Norfolk Show Crime Politics Health Education Jobs Environment Tech Tourism Nostalgia Obituaries Weather Videos Royal Norfolk Show Sport Norwich City Lowestoft Town Kings Lynn Town Kings Lynn Stars Local Football Rugby Youth Sport Boxing Cricket Motorsport MMA Pink 'Un Norwich City Lowestoft Town Kings Lynn Town Kings Lynn Stars Local Football Rugby Youth Sport Boxing Cricket Motorsport MMA Pink 'Un Business Business News National Opinion Farming Apprenticeships Energy Future 50 Green 100 Top 100 Business Extra Archive Business News National Opinion Farming Apprenticeships Energy Future 50 Green 100 Top 100 Business Extra Archive Going Out Search Listings Submit Listing Food and Drink Comedy Theatre Music Art & Exhibitions Days Out Search Listings Submit Listing Food and Drink Comedy Theatre Music Art & Exhibitions Days Out Features Fighting for Their Futures Quizzes Lifestyle Pets Heritage Travel Bride Magazine Family History Fighting for Their Futures Quizzes Lifestyle Pets Heritage Travel Bride Magazine Family History Your Town Attleborough Aylsham Beccles Bungay Cromer Dereham Diss Downham Market Fakenham Gorleston Great Yarmouth Holt Hunstanton King's Lynn Lowestoft North Walsham Norwich Sheringham Swaffham Thetford Watton Wells-next-the-Sea Wisbech Wroxham and Broads Wymondham Attleborough Aylsham Beccles Bungay Cromer Dereham Diss Downham Market Fakenham Gorleston Great Yarmouth Holt Hunstanton King's Lynn Lowestoft North Walsham Norwich Sheringham Swaffham Thetford Watton Wells-next-the-Sea Wisbech Wroxham and Broads Wymondham Opinion News Sport Business Film and Theatre News Sport Business Film and Theatre Property Property news Features Hot properties Ask our expert Property news Features Hot properties Ask our expert Jobs Motoring Road tests and news Motoring News Live traffic map Fatal crashes map Drive24 Road tests and news Motoring News Live traffic map Fatal crashes map Drive24 Crime Politics Health ExCel Appeal Norfolk GPs Mental Health Watch Norfolk Care Homes Education Ofsted Map Future Voices Jobs Environment Tech Tourism Nostalgia Obituaries Weather Videos Royal Norfolk Show Crime Politics Health Education Jobs Environment Tech Tourism Nostalgia Obituaries Weather Videos Royal Norfolk Show Lowestoft youngsters enjoy virtual reality learning opportunity Simon Ward simon.ward@archant.co.uk @ SimonJWard93 26 March, 2017 - 16:40 Google visiting Elm Tree Primary School in Oulton Broad to show their app 'expeditions' on their Google Cardboard. Photo: Elm Tree Primary School Staff Elm Tree Primary School Staff Pupils at a Lowestoft school have enjoyed a day of interactive learning, full of virtual reality fun. Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in. Google visiting Elm Tree Primary School in Oulton Broad to show their app 'expeditions' on their Google Cardboard. Photo: Elm Tree Primary School Staff Youngsters at Elm Tree Primary Academy took virtual reality expeditions to locations such as the Great Barrier Reef, the Amazon Rainforest as well as inside the human body thanks to a special selection of activities held at the school. Taking place on March 22, this unique educational opportunity came courtesy of representatives from internet giant, Google, who demonstrated to pupils the capabilities of Google Cardboard. Google Cardboard is a virtual reality headset designed by Google for use with a Smartphone. And by using two free apps - Google Cardboard and Google Expeditions – users can be transported on virtual reality journeys around the world, solar system and inside human body to understand and view the workings of the world. Google visiting Elm Tree Primary School in Oulton Broad to show their app 'expeditions' on their Google Cardboard. Photo: Elm Tree Primary School Staff Jade Hutchinson, a Year Four class teacher at the school, said: “The day was fantastic! All of the children were excited and engaged. It was a good way to reinforce some children’s learning. “The children were amazed, there was a buzz all around the school. It was lovely to hear about all of the children’s expeditions and all of the children were asking each other what they had done and if it was good, none of them wanted their half an hour slot to end!” The visit followed a successful application by the school for Google to come to Elm Tree Primary Academy and demonstrate how the apps and head sets worl and how they can enhance learning. During the day pupils aged between five and 11-years-old all participated in a range of exciting virtual reality journeys. Ms Hutchinson, added: “The aim of the day was to see how the cardboard could be brought into the classroom to encourage and further learning. “A big thank you goes to Google for getting in contact and for coming in!” Do you have an education story? Contact the Lowestoft Journal by calling telephone number 01502 525 830 or email: lowestoft.journal@archant.co.uk. Keywords: Google Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus facebook youtube twitter google plus Most Read Video: See the moment man suspected of Norwich crime spree is arrested Norfolk pub gets shock with a 1,300pc business rate rise - find out the changes for firms in your area Video: The Rock’s Fighting With My Family filming in Norwich...and they need a local body double Police reveal another Norwich sex attack - and link it to crime spree Norwich City told to raise the stakes in chase for Huddersfield Town’s Stuart Webber Newsletter Sign Up Email Address* Name* Keep me up to date on special promotions, products and services from Archant Community Media Limited I am happy for you to pass my information onto carefully selected third parties so they can send me information about their products and services Please agree to the terms and conditions Sign up to receive our regular email newsletter Join Latest from the EDP Norfolk pub gets shock with a 1,300pc business rate rise - find out the changes for firms in your area Fresh bid for £3.8m so some of Norfolk’s worst roads can finally be fixed Trains between Norwich and Sheringham delayed due to signal fault at North Walsham Poll results: Russell Martin and Steve Naismith among players Norwich City should allow to leave City College receives praise during Ofsted inspection Partly Cloudy max temp: 16°C min temp: 12°C Five-day forecast Listen to the latest weather forecast HOT JOBS Civil Engineers East Job details Civil Engineers East Job details Drainage Engineers Norwich Job details Water Supply Engineers Norwich Job details Plumbers Norwich Job details Co-ordinator Norwich Job details Plumbers Ipswich Job details Water Supply Engineers Ipswich Job details Drainage Engineers Ipswich Job details Glazier/Despatch Operative Norwich Job details Night Care Assistant Norwich Job details Executive Assistant Norfolk Job details Lead Fitters Norwich Job details Surveyor Norwich Job details Poultry Farm Manager Thetford Job details Poultry Farm Manager Norfolk Job details Female PA Gorleston Job details Support Worker Norwich Job details Occupational Therapist Norwich Job details Clinical Psychologist Norfolk Job details Registered Nurse Norfolk Job details Design Engineer Lowestoft Job details PA/Carer Sheringham Job details Maintenance Operative Norfolk Job details Chef/Cook Norwich Job details Head Chef Fakenham Job details Midday Supervisor Norfolk Job details Science Technician Norfolk Job details Care Assistant Lowestoft Job details Multi-skilled Engineering Office Person Norfolk Job detailsPreviousNext Show Job Lists Keywords: Location: Search Digital Edition Enjoy the EDP digital edition Subscribe News Opinion View all EDP Columnists Oh rats! How I faced up to my fears and tackled the fury fiends living in my shed When a holiday isn’t a bear necessity We want to attract leading scientists to East Anglia. Brexit secretary David Davis writes for the Eastern Daily Press after Article 50 has been triggered. Boob tubes, barbecues, and crazy golf - 18 things to look forward to this summer My failure to get Daily Mail’s ‘Legs-it’ joke doesn’t mean I lack a sense of humour but rather that I possess a brain More from Us Contact Us Send a Story Advertise with Us E-Edition Subscribe with Us Buy and Sell More Great Content Homes24 Jobs24 Drive24 Local Dating Buy Photos Family Notices Classifieds EDP Weddings Localsearch24 Reader Travel EDP Cottages Let's Talk Broads Magazine The PinkUn Magazine 2016 calendar The New European News Crime Politics Health Education Environment Obituaries Weather Sport Norwich City Columnists Lowestoft Town FC Kings Lynn FC Cricket Kings Lynn Stars Pink 'Un Business Business News Farming Opinion Diary Future 50 Top100 What's On Search Listings Submit Listing Eating Out or Eating In Pub of the Week Film & Cinema Music Comedy Theatre Art & Exhibitions Days Out Useful links Contact Us How to Complain Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contributor's charter © 2017 Archant Community Media Ltd
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Don't Freak Out Google's mobile-first index is (still) months away Not So Exact Google to further dilute exact match in AdWords Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for weekly recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Baidu becomes Google’s biggest ally in mobile page speed Chinese search engine Baidu will soon support Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) in its search results, expanding the reach of AMP significantly. Columnist Hermas Ma believes the worldwide impact on mobile page speed will be notable. Hermes Ma on March 30, 2017 at 12:42 pm More The breaking news came on March 7, 2017, that Baidu is now supporting Google’s mobile framework, AMP. The tech leader of Baidu MIP, Gao Lei, gave a speech at Google’s first AMP conference in New York. He confirmed that Baidu is working hand-in-hand with Google to accelerate the faster web globally. Gao Lei at Google AMP Conference, New York, March 7, 2017 Baidu MIP, which stands for Mobile Instant Pages, is Baidu’s own version of Google’s AMP. The technologies of MIP are very similar to AMP. In fact, coding an MIP page is just like coding an AMP page, except MIP pages are more customized and optimized for the browsers in the market of mainland China. Baidu says that a Mobile Instant Page can reduce the rendering of above-the-fold content by 30 percent to 80 percent. Moreover, the tap-to-open rate will increase by 5 percent to 40 percent. And similar to Google, Baidu has been considering potentially giving the MIP pages a ranking advantage in search results. Mobile Page Accelerator – MIP Components: Core Parts The two search engine giants are collaborating for the first time to tackle the problems of slow pages and unfriendly user experiences on mobile devices. Lei says that they are trying to avoid websites investing redundant resources to adopt both AMP and MIP. This implies that the future of AMP and MIP may look even more identical; that said, a one-for-all global mobile framework could be in the making. Baidu certainly is not going to abort its MIP project and replace it with Google’s AMP, as there have been over 1 billion MIP pages indexed by Baidu already. We have yet to confirm with Baidu exactly what they have aligned with Google, and how. They say that there are still technical issues to solve. However, Baidu has confirmed that users can eventually open an AMP page from a Baidu SERP. We don’t know how they plan to do this, whether by opening the AMP pages directly from the SERP or translating them into MIP pages. At Merkle China, we’ve already seen Google and Baidu taking the first steps. Prior to the announcement, the AMP Project website could not be loaded successfully in mainland China. I could only dial on a VPN to check the reference on www.ampproject.org. However, all ampproject.org links are now accessible. When we check the CDN, we see Google enabled the CDN for China, and it loads extremely fast! Google enables a CDN node for China Given that most AMP traffic originates from Google organic SERPs, it wouldn’t have make sense for AMP documentation to be available in mainland China prior to the announcement. But now developers within the Great Firewall will be able to view and implement this documentation in preparation for Baidu’s support of this framework. This collaboration will certainly benefit mobile internet users, who will be able to enjoy hyper speed on their devices. Of course, it will also benefit brands that want to build a larger presence in mainland China. It is unclear whether users out of the Great Firewall can open an MIP page from a Google SERP; that will depend on whether Google decides to provide support MIP in its search results or accept the customized MIP pages as AMP pages. To be continued… ! Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Hermes Ma Hermes Ma is a digital marketer and writer. He owns Merkle's search business in Greater China. Hermes has an experience in search marketing and web analytics of over a decade, both in and out of the Chinternet. He writes his blog at maxket.com (Chinese) and he also guest-blogs at Baidu Webmaster Tools. Hermes is a hardcore gamer. He ranked at Top 1,000 of PlayStation Asia. If you don't see him playing games after work, he's probably spending time with his lovely son. Related Topics All Things SEO ColumnBaiduChannel: SEOGoogle: Accelerated Mobile Pages / AMPSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: Mobile SearchSEO: Site Speed Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Create New Revenue by Providing a Complete Marketing & Sales Business App for Your Pro-SMB Clients Guide to Google My Business For Multi-Location Brands Guide to Review Response AI: The Next Generation of Marketing Five Best Practices for Preparing In-House IT for Corporate Video Workflows See More Whitepapers Webinars National Brands & Local Search: Use insights to drive actions The Value of a Happy Customer: Action steps to a great customer experience What Shape Is Your Customer Data In? New strategies to keep contact data fresh and accurate See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Don't Freak Out Google's mobile-first index is (still) months away Not So Exact Google to further dilute exact match in AdWords Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Local Sign up for weekly recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google Maps ad traffic steadily growing Columnist Andy Taylor of Merkle shares data on the growth of ad traffic from Google Maps, including conversion rate and CPC data by device. Andy Taylor on March 30, 2017 at 1:14 pm More Over the last couple of years, Google updates have shown the company’s growing focus on monetizing searches with local intent and navigational queries. From local inventory ads, which are a version of Product Listings Ads that feature information on when a product can be picked up at a local brick-and-mortar store, to ads featured in the Local Pack, it’s clear that Google sees local searches as fertile ground for more ad interactions. This strategy has extended to Google Maps, where ads derived from location extensions now populate for searches. These ads are steadily growing in importance, as shown by a rise in the share of traffic attributed to the “Get location details” click type. ‘Get location details’ clicks on the rise While there’s no clean way to view all impressions and clicks from Google Maps, Google confirmed that very nearly all traffic attributed to the “Get location details” click type can be attributed to ads featured on Maps. Taking a look at the share of brand traffic for a sample of brick-and-mortar Merkle advertisers, we find that ads on Maps are steadily becoming a larger share of overall traffic. On phones in particular, brick-and-mortar brands saw a surge in “Get location details” traffic in Q1 and now see about 5 percent of brand traffic coming from this click type. The disproportionate share on phones makes sense given the on-the-go nature of mobile device usage. This click type is also growing as a share of non-brand text ad click share, but it tops out at around 1 percent for phones and tablets. It does seem logical that more users might type in the name of a specific store they’d like to visit in a Google Maps search than a non-brand query. However, non-brand traffic likely carries much more incremental value for advertisers, as brand searches within Google Maps would very likely return a brand’s local business locations organically without an ad present. Interestingly, tablet click share is actually higher than on phones for non-brand, and I’m unsure what might be causing this. Maybe users are just more likely to use non-brand searches in Google Maps on tablets than on phones. Either way, it’s clear that the volume of ad traffic coming from ads on Google Maps is steadily increasing across all device and query types. Since only Google knows how extensive its rollout has been to date in terms of query coverage and the number of ad units shown, it’s pretty tough to say how much larger these shares might grow in the future. However, there are a few things to look out for moving forward. Online conversion rate will likely suffer Ads on Google Maps are classified as coming from google.com, despite the fact that users searching in Google Maps are obviously more likely looking for directions than are searchers on Google’s primary domain. As such, Google Maps searchers are less likely to convert online than google.com searchers, since they’re more likely to be looking for physical stores. The data bears this out, with online conversion rate for “Get location details” significantly lower than overall conversion rate for brand keywords for the median advertiser. Click and conversion volume for this click type is so low for non-brand that it’s not as easy to do a clean conversion rate comparison, but most brands also find non-brand conversion rate is significantly lower for “Get location details” clicks than overall non-brand clicks. At this point, the traffic share is so low that there isn’t much of an impact to most programs’ bidding based solely on online return on ad spend. However, as these ads become a bigger part of total traffic, that impact will become larger. Thus, brick-and-mortar brands will need to be even more diligent about tracking orders that occur in store that are tied to paid search clicks and include this value in calculating appropriate bids. CPC may go up Since Google Maps traffic is categorized as part of Google search traffic rather than the search partner network, brands can’t exclude ads from showing on Google Maps if there are active location extensions, as all search campaigns must target Google search. There’s also no way to adjust the price paid for Google Maps traffic relative to other Google search traffic. This is slightly concerning, mainly because “Get location details” clicks are more expensive on mobile devices than overall CPC for brand text ad for the median advertiser. Interestingly, desktop CPC for “Get location details” is actually lower than overall CPC. However, on phones, which have the highest click share coming from “Get location details,” CPC is 30 percent higher. Tablet CPC is way higher, which is another weird tablet data point that’s hard to explain. It’s not totally clear why these clicks are more expensive, but there is something of a parallel in the cost of search partner brand keyword clicks. While search partner non-brand clicks are cheaper for most advertisers than google.com traffic, the reverse is true for brand keywords. Since there are no bidding controls for either Search Partner or Google Maps ads, there’s no way to combat these higher costs, and brands that want this traffic simply have to eat the costs or turn off traffic entirely. Just like conversion rate, these CPC differences aren’t really impacting campaigns that much with such a small click share right now. But looking forward, that could change if Google’s able to ramp this traffic up. Conclusion As the default navigational app on Android, as well as a popular source of in-browser navigational directions, Google Maps has a lot of users and traffic. Google is in the process of expanding its monetization of that traffic, defaulting advertisers with active location extensions for brick-and-mortar stores into showing Google Maps ads with little targeting control. This is part of Google’s recent larger focus on driving ad traffic from searches with local intent, with new formats like local inventory ads and ads in the Local Pack similarly targeted at drawing clicks from users looking for nearby brick-and-mortar options. Some of these ad units provide real incremental value to advertisers by getting local business information in front of interested searchers. Others, like Google Maps ads for brand keyword searches, seem redundant and less likely to drive incremental value for brands. Looking forward, most brands would like at least some ability to adjust the price paid, as well as the option to opt out of showing ads based on location extensions in Google Maps. For brands with multiple local stores, it’d also be nice to control which location a user is shown, since there might be other considerations besides proximity which warrant promoting a specific location. Hopefully, Google will provide such controls if these ad units continue to grow in terms of traffic share. For now, brands with physical locations should try to take advantage of in-store conversion and visit tracking, available through Google and other third parties, if possible, in order to tie these conversions to online clicks. This will help in calculating the value driven by ads, whether those on Google Maps or elsewhere across the Google search network. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Andy Taylor Andy Taylor is a Senior Research Analyst at Merkle, responsible for analyzing trends across the digital marketing spectrum for best practices and industry commentary. A primary contributor to the Merkle Blog, Dossier, and quarterly Digital Marketing Report, he speaks frequently at industry conferences and events. Prior to digital marketing, Andy worked as an event organizer for a political campaign and dabbled in freelance writing. A graduate of the University of Virginia with a degree in Economics, he likes to spend his free time watching documentaries and selling homemade ice cream sandwiches at farmer's markets with his wife. Related Topics Channel: LocalGoogleGoogle: Maps & LocalLocal Search ColumnSearch MarketingSearch Marketing: Local Search Marketing Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Create New Revenue by Providing a Complete Marketing & Sales Business App for Your Pro-SMB Clients Guide to Google My Business For Multi-Location Brands Guide to Review Response AI: The Next Generation of Marketing Five Best Practices for Preparing In-House IT for Corporate Video Workflows See More Whitepapers Webinars National Brands & Local Search: Use insights to drive actions The Value of a Happy Customer: Action steps to a great customer experience What Shape Is Your Customer Data In? New strategies to keep contact data fresh and accurate See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum All Products 3D Printers Antivirus Baby Monitors Bluetooth Speakers Cameras (360 Degrees) Cameras (Action) Cameras (All) Cameras (Bridge) Cameras (Compact) Cameras (DSLR) Cameras (Home Security) Cameras (Mirrorless) Cameras (Phone) Cameras (Waterproof) Cloud Backup Services Computers (All-in-One) Drones Fitness Trackers Game Controllers (PC) Gaming Headsets Gaming Keyboards Gaming Mice Gaming Monitors Gaming PCs Gift Ideas Golf Tech GPS Watches Headphones ID Theft Protection iPhone Lenses iPhone Trade-In Deals Key Finders Keyboards (Ergonomic) Kid Trackers (GPS) Kitchen Tech Laptops Mini PCs Mobile Network Modems Online Fax Services Parental Control Apps Phone Carriers Phone Plans Photo Books Photo Calendars Photo Storage Sites Photo-Editing Software Portable Chargers Printers Robot Vacuums Routers Screen Mirroring Devices Smart Home Hubs Smart Home Tech Smart Locks Smart Scales Smart Thermostats Smartphones Smartwatches Soundbars Speakers (Outdoor) Streaming Players Streaming Services TV Antennas TVs TVs (4K/Ultra HD) Virtual Reality Headsets Wi-Fi-Extenders MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Smartphones How-To How to Launch Google Assistant on the LG G6 by Derek Walter Mar 30, 2017, 11:28 AM The LG G6 comes with the Google Assistant baked right in. It can be a powerful digital aide for searching the internet, launching a favorite app, or getting quick answers to questions. Before you can tap into the Assistant, though, there’s a small amount of setup involved. Once you’ve done that, your phone will be ready to deliver a considerable amount of information very quickly. MORE: LG G6: How Much It Costs and Where You Can Get It 1. Launch the Google app. The first time you do this, you should be prompted to setup the Google Assistant. 2. Touch Get Started to teach the Google Assistant to recognize your voice. 3. Say “OK, Google.” Complete this task a total of three times in order for Google to learn your voice. 4. Turn on Trusted Voice. This enables you to launch the Google Assistant when your phone is locked. (Be aware that enabling Trusted Voice carries a potential security risk, though it’s a very small one.) Once this step’s complete, you can summon the Google Assistant at any time by saying, “OK, Google.” Once you’ve launched Google Assistant, you can pepper it with a wide variety of voice commands. For example, ask about when a favorite sports team will have an upcoming game. You can also ask more specific questions about the weather for a location or timeframe. You can also launch the Assistant without a voice command. Touch and hold the home button. You can then speak your command. After you launch the Assistant, you can also enable a screen context search (formerly Google Now on Tap). 1. Summon the Google Assistant. 2. Swipe up from the bottom of the screen. Google will offer a choice of information cards relevant to your screen’s contents. If either of these features aren’t for you, they can be disabled. 1. Go to Google > Settings > Google Assistant > Settings. 2. At the bottom of the page, use toggles to enable or disable Google Assistant and screen context. The Google Assistant gains new capabilities all the time. The key to getting the most out of the service is to try new searches, ask questions and experiment with the screen context feature in various circumstances. See Also : 30 Best Things Google Assistant Can Do LG G6 vs. Google Pixel: LG Crushes in Camera Face-Off Google Assistant Coming to Phones Android 6.0 and Up Android Guide: Tips, Tricks and How-Tos for Nougat About the author Derek Walter Read more Smartphones Android Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Android Smartphones forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish No comments yet Your comment Comment Firstname Submit Latest in Smartphones News Snapdragon 835 Unveiled: Everything You Need to Know Deals Who Has the Best Galaxy S8 Deal? by Don Reisinger Mar 30, 2017, 10:24 AM News Should You Get the Galaxy S8 Unlocked? Pros and Cons by Henry T. Casey Mar 30, 2017, 5:40 AM How-To How to Pre-Order the Galaxy S8 by Don Reisinger Mar 30, 2017, 5:32 AM News iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Surprising Design, New Name by Mark Spoonauer Mar 30, 2017, 4:52 AM Round-Up iOS 10.3 Arrives: Here Are the Top New Features by Philip Michaels Mar 29, 2017, 3:58 PM News Galaxy S8 Pricing Revealed: What It Costs From Every Carrier by Andrew E. Freedman Mar 29, 2017, 3:37 PM The Latest On Tom’s Guide Round-Up 7 hr Here Are the Biggest Video Game Releases of April 2017 Hands-On 8 hr Meet DeX: Dock Turns Galaxy S8 Into Mini PC How-To 8 hr How to Switch Between the LG G6's Rear Camera Lenses News 9 hr Boom Box? JBL Speaker Reportedly Catches Fire Round-Up 9 hr Top Free Tools for Viewing and Editing PDFs Best Picks 10 hr Best iPhone Camera Lens Kits 2017 Deals 11 hr Best Buy's Epic Galaxy S8/S8+ Deal Beats Everyone Else Best Picks 11 hr The Best PC Games to Play Right Now Best Picks 11 hr Best Action Cameras 2017 Best Picks 11 hr Best Waterproof and Water-Resistant Phones Deals 11 hr Best Tech Deals of Today: Save $200 on the New 13-inch... How-To 12 hr How to Enable and Disable Emergency Alerts on the LG G6 Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
Droid Life Menu Skip to content Home Topics Accessories Apps Beginners’ Guide Contests Deals News Polls Reviews Root Videos Podcast Deals Contact Search Post navigation Previous StorySamsung’s Site has the Regular Galaxy S8 From T-Mobile in Silver for $650 ($100 Off) (Updated) Next StorySamsung DeX Up for Pre-Order From Samsung for $149.99, Ships in April by Tim-o-tato on Mar 30, 2017 @timotato News Home Share this Story Reserve Your Next Yoga or Pilates Class Using Google In an attempt to make reserving fitness classes way more straightforward, Google has created Reserve With Google, made specifically for those on desktop or with Google Maps on their smart device.  With this feature, folks looking to score a yoga class quickly can simply locate a studio they’d like to attend a class at, then if that studio is signed up, you can reserve a class directly from inside the Reserve With Google website or Google Maps application. You can also do a basic search on Google Maps, without knowing the name of a studio you like. For example, I can type in “yoga” on Google Maps, find a location close to me offering classes, then book my class right from the app. It’s straightforward and there’s a surprising number of studios already signed up around my area (Portland, OR). I can imagine there’s even more studios in an area like San Francisco or New York City. For smaller towns, this may be a bit harder to use. Google specifies that it pulls real-time data and class inventory from existing providers, such as MINDBODY, MyTime, Genbook, Full Slate, Front Desk, and Appointy. As long as your favorite studio uses one of those, you will see it supported on Reserve With Google. Now, go forth and don’t break your back doing some crazy Head to Foot pose. Reserve With Google Via: Google Post navigation Previous StorySamsung’s Site has the Regular Galaxy S8 From T-Mobile in Silver for $650 ($100 Off) (Updated) Next StorySamsung DeX Up for Pre-Order From Samsung for $149.99, Ships in April mustbepbs For all those stay at home moms out there who are the only ones that have the time and money to waste. lilly tan <-Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 2512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash.Visit this link…………..…………………….. http://hut.bz/gbm49u5u Porscha Miller Time and money to waste doing what exactly? Working out? Yes, stay at home moms have the market cornered on fitness. (Is there an “idiot” emoji?) Craiggles @timotato,above you say “…then if that studio is signed up…”. I own a yoga studio, any idea how to ‘sign up’? Porscha Miller If you already use one of the other reservation systems. If not, you need to contact one of them. I’m sure they’ve already been soliciting you. It’s not explained very well in the article as it makes it seem like “Reserve by Google” is something more than a consolidator. About Droid Life We consider ourselves to have the greatest Android community in the world, here at Droid Life. We talk general news, feature apps, review phones, and even teach you how to hack a little. But most importantly, there is no place on the internet that has the reader participation that we do and consider ourselves to be completely community driven. If you were looking for the best place to learn about Android and talk with like-minded folks about all things tech, then Droid Life is for you. Follow Us Facebook Google+ YouTube Twitter Subscribe © DRD Life Inc. About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Coulee Creative.
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google delays Android Wear 2.0 update rollout for most smartwatches Newsby John Callaham11 hours ago 2 314 10 Earlier this week, Google confirmed that it had started the big over-the-air Android Wear 2.0 update to three of the older Android Wear 1.0 smartwatches: the Fossil Q Founder, the Casio Smart Outdoor Watch, and the TAG Heuer Connected. However, the company is now saying the update has been delayed for most of the remaining older devices slated to get Android Wear 2.0. See also: LG Watch Sport and Watch Style review February 23, 2017 In a statement sent to Wareable, a Google spokesperson said that the update has been delayed for the remaining smartwatches “due to a bug found in final testing”. It added that it will push the update out as soon as the bug is fixed but the statement didn’t give any kind of timeline for when that issue is expected to be resolved. Oddly, Polar’s Twitter account has confirmed that owners of its Polar M600 watch will be getting the Android Wear 2.0 update starting today, so it appears there will be at least one exception to this issue: @kouzari Starting today, the update will roll out gradually within the next week. M600 will notify you automatically :) — Polar (@PolarGlobal) March 30, 2017 You can still check out our full list of smartwatches that are scheduled to receive the Android Wear 2.0 update, but it looks like many folks will have to wait a bit longer to get the new features that are included with the new version, including features like using apps without linking to your smartphone and more. You can also still check out our extensive look at everything you need to know about Android Wear 2.0. Keep in mind that a number of companies also plan to launch all-new watches with Android Wear 2.0 out of the box in the coming weeks and months. News Android Wear, Android Wear 2.0 Android Wear, Android Wear 2.0  Wareable John Callaham John was a newspaper reporter before becoming a technology and video/PC gaming writer in 2000. He lives in Greer, SC with his wife and five cats. Show 2 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 5 days ago60 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News Google Maps and Search can be used to reserve and pay for fitness classes 6 minutes ago Robot Unicorn Attack 3 begins pre-registration in the Play Store 4 hours ago Simple adds support for Android Pay 5 hours ago Telegram app update adds voice calling features for Western Europe 6 hours ago Google Allo could get a ‘quick selfie’ button among other new features 7 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Daily Horoscope Our Apps Top 10 Our Paper Paper Archive Weather 13° London HOME News Showbiz & TV Sport Comment Finance Travel Entertainment Life & Style Health Cars Garden Life Food Style Diets Win Tech Property Saturday S Mag Top 10 Facts Home Life & Style Tech Google Chrome's most annoying feature is BACK - but there is a way to avoid it Google Chrome's most annoying feature is BACK - but there is a way to avoid it GOOGLE CHROME users can now bring back the most frustrating feature in the hugely-successful web browser, and this is how. By Aaron Brown Aaron Brown PUBLISHED: 16:10, Thu, Mar 30, 2017 | UPDATED: 16:32, Thu, Mar 30, 2017 GOOGLE • GETTYThe most annoying feature in Google Chrome has made a comeback Google Chrome users now have the ability to bring back the web browser's most annoying feature. Last summer, Google finally ditched the ability to use the backspace key as a shortcut for the return function. The decision to drop the infamous keyboard shortcut was made after years of complaints from users who accidentally lost data when filling out online forms and hit the backspace without a text field selected.  Rather than delete the text in the form, as they clearly intended to do, Chrome would throw users back to the previous webpage – as if you had hit the back arrow – and clearing any data previously entered into the form. The change arrived with Google Chrome version 52. Google Chrome - The 11 hidden tricks EVERY Chrome users needs to know Wed, March 15, 2017 Google Chrome is the most popular web browser on the planet. It is easy-to-use, lightning-fast, and has a tonne of hidden tricks and features that you probably do not know about. Here's how to get the most from your web browser. Play slideshow EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS 1 of 12 Here's how to get the most from your web browser Posting in an online forum at the time, one Google employee admitted: "While I appreciate it's a change in habits for many people, data loss is harder to deal with than a change in habits. "If it can be solved easily with a flag or an extension, I hope that we keep this change as default behaviour." And now, there is a Google Chrome extension that will re-enable the feature. Those who miss the ability to hit the backspace key to go back a webpage can restore the functionality with a browser add-on. Thankfully, everyone else can continue to use Chrome without fear of accidentally skipping back a page. Google rolled-out the free Chrome extension to the application's WebStore earlier this week. Users can download the add-on, which is helpfully called Go Back With Backspace, from the Chrome Store. GOOGLEGoogle has returned the ability to use backspace as a shortcut – albeit with a new extension Once the extension is installed, the backspace keyboard key will once again navigate back to the previous webpage. Thankfully, Google has added the ability to drill-down and disable the backspace button on specific site or pages. If you're worried about accidentally hitting the key – click on the extension icon in Google Chrome and then tap the option labelled Disable On This Page. Clicking the small gear icon will show more settings associated with the Go Back With Backspace extension.  One of the options allows you to list all of the websites where you wish to disable the functionality. By default, the backspace button is disabled for java and flash applets, PDFs, and various chat tools.  The news comes as Google Chrome users discovered that the web browser has a hidden, tongue-in-cheek message for web browser users who watch too much porn. Google included the cheeky wink to people who use Incognito Mode, which allows users to browse the web without the Google Chrome saving your web history or form data. The world's most popular web browser has a number of hidden features – including an incredibly addictive video game. Related articles Google Maps just DITCHED its most useful new features If you don't update to iOS 10.3 right NOW, you could face this HACK Windows 10 Creators Update - How to download and install today Google Latest videos 'An absolute DISGRACE' Question Time audience members SHAME beleaguered Labour party EastEnders spoiler: Sylvie Carter actress reacts to her character's HORRIFYING death Ruth Davidson accuses Corbyn of ‘SIDING WITH TERRORISTS’ in furious row with Labour MP Emily Ratajkowski showcases her best assets as she goes BRALESS in tiny cropped jumper Paul Nuttall hails Britain’s ‘great future’ & demands ‘the Brexit that people voted for’ iPhone owners should update to iOS 10.3 right NOW, or they could face this terrifying HACK Windows 10 Creators Update - Microsoft finally set to launch ULTIMATE Surface EE and O2 customers are about to see a HUGE mobile price rise - are you affected? Samsung Gear S3 Frontier will get the Galaxy S8's BEST feature Amazon Echo Alexa could soon power Windows 10 Cortana Samsung Galaxy S8 is HERE - Price, Pre-Order Details, Release Date UK, Specs, and MORE Windows 10 Creators Update - How to download and install ahead of the UK release date Google Maps just DITCHED its most useful new features Ikea "smart light bulbs" can be controlled via your PHONE Samsung Galaxy S8 UK price - Best deals and offers on Samsung's new smartphone Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus UK price - Carphone Warehouse, EE, O2, Vodafone COMPARED Microsoft Surface Book 2 could ALREADY be delayed End of The Pirate Bay - Torrents face a SERIOUS new rivalry from this XXX-rated website Samsung Galaxy S8 v Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus - What's the difference and which is best? This Google Chrome trick lets you read Facebook messages without leaving a read receipt Samsung Galaxy S8 pre-order DEAL - UK price SLASHED in ULTIMATE release date deal Windows 10 Creators Update UK release date REVEALED iOS 10.3 update - Here are ALL the awesome new features available for your iPhone NOW Amazon Echo FINALLY gets some real competition - as Google Home arrives in the UK Samsung Galaxy S8 LAUNCH LIVE - How to watch Samsung launch online SEARCH CONNECT WITH US Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Check our YouTube channel TODAY'S PAPER Friday, 31st March 2017 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive. News UK World Politics Nature Science Royal Weather Weird History Obituaries Sunday Scotland UK Politics Political Parties Politicians Constituencies EU Referendum Sport Football Transfer news UFC F1 Boxing Cricket Golf Tennis Rugby Union Other Racing Pics Pictures Celebrity Galleries Royal Galleries Sport Galleries Vids Videos Comment Columnists Express Comment Beachcomber Finance City & Business Personal Finance Retirement The Crusader Travel Cruise Activity Holidays Beach Holidays Short & City breaks Travel News Entertainment Films Gaming Theatre Books Music Puzzles Puzzles Horoscope Offers Competitions Bingo Jackpot Millions Life & Style Health Cars Garden Life Food Style Diets Win Tech Property Saturday S Mag Top 10 Facts EXPRESS.CO.UK Sitemap Site Archive Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Design by Netro42 Syndication and Licensing Clarifications and Corrections Daily Star OK! Magazine new! Magazine Star Magazine Health Lottery Northern and Shell Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
nechronicleLoad mobile navigation News Latest News North East News Traffic & Travel TV News Celebs History Crime Politics Education Health Property Motors UK & World News News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife Arts & Culture Film ShoppingExpand Business Business News Commercial Property Farming Business OpinionExpand Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Sport Latest Sport Football Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Cricket Speedway Basketball Athletics Other Sport Fantasy FootballExpand In Your Area County Durham Gateshead Newcastle upon Tyne North Tyneside Northumberland South Tyneside Sunderland See all locationsExpand Sign in My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory BuySell Family Notices Dating Book an Ad Buy a Photo Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time Bingo How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East Home News North East News Google News Internet giants Facebook and Google could be told to subsidise local news media North East MP Helen Goodman looks for ways to keep local newspapers open but also criticises publishers  Share  Comments ByJonathan Walker 18:50, 30 MAR 2017 News The Google logo (Photo: Yui Mok/PA Wire)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Internet firms such as Google and Facebook could be asked to pay more tax to subsidise local and regional newspapers, Ministers have been told. Bishop Auckland MP Helen Goodman said news was increasingly read online, but firms such as Google and Facebook had the lion’s share of the online advertising market. And she suggested the Competition and Markets Authority, the Government body which promotes competition and prevents monopolies forming, could investigate. Leading a Commons debate, she said: “Many of us think it is reasonable, in the current climate, to tax the large social media organisations such as Facebook and Google, and others as well. “I know everybody wants to tax them because they are evading their taxes and everyone has schemes for spending the money that would be raised, but I think some direct read-across to the very industries that those companies are undermining would be reasonable.” News was increasingly read online but the industry struggled to gain online advertising revenue, she said. “Facebook and Google are expected to have a three-quarters share of the advertising market by 2020. I wonder whether the Competition and Markets Authority ought to look at that, and whether it can look at the behaviour of these big international corporations after Brexit.” The Labour MP , who chairs the National Union of Journalists (NUJ) parliamentary group, was leading a Commons debate on local and regional news providers. Helen Goodman (Photo: PA Wire) Local news is essential for democracy but the industry is currently under threat, she said. Mrs Goodman told MPs that communities are “bound together” through local media, adding: “It is through local newspapers and radio stations that people know what is going on and identify with their local communities.” But the MP highlighted a study by academics at Kings College London and commissioned by the NUJ which found that 200 local newspapers have closed since 2005. In the past 18 months, 22 have closed and 13 have been set up, a net loss of nine. And 418 journalists’ jobs have gone. She said: “It is a matter of concern that 58% of people in this country have no local daily newspaper. That hollowing out is dangerous. “Newspapers are not really local if they are run by such a small number of journalists that, in effect, they are four pages of local news wrapped around centrally-produced content, which is mainly lifestyle articles and listicles.” Mrs Goodman also warned that the number of businesses involved in running local newspapers had fallen, as the remaining papers were bought up by a small number of firms. Local news should be seen as a public service rather than a purely commercial operation, she said. “We need to get back better control of the way newspapers are run and restore the idea ... that journalism is a sort of public service. It is not purely a commercial enterprise; it is also a public service.” However, she also said newspaper publishers had unrealistic expectations about profits. Supermarket chains were content with profit margins on 7% but publishers expected margins of 20% or 30%, she said. Mrs Goodman also suggested that newspaper publishers considering closing a title could be asked to offer it to local community organisations before shutting it down. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @ChronicleLive Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Facebook Google Politics In The News Bishop Auckland News all Most Read Most Recent Newcastle Crown CourtTerrified man stabbed by ex and squirted with ammonia by thug in shocking dawn attack The victim was sound asleep when he was confronted in bed and then savagely attacked with a knife and corrosive liquid in a Sunderland flat Adam JohnsonShamed Adam Johnson finally sells luxury mansion - but stands to lose £250,000 The former Sunderland and England star, who was sacked after becoming a sex offender, is believed to have sold his County Durham pad CowgateCarrick's once had more than 100 cafes and shops - but what became of the famous brand? The Carrick's brand once had more than 100 outlets across the North East - and 12 in Newcastle city centre alone Newcastle upon TyneCould you survive on just £8 a month for food? Fears over Universal Credit impact on Newcastle Newcastle City Council has submitted a report to Government about the impact of its benefits policy in Newcastle and how it could be improved NorthumberlandSuspected flasher targets Northumberland schoolgirls four times in space of two days Police say the same man is believed to be behind all four indecent exposures taking place on Tuesday and Wednesday Traffic & TravelNorth East news LIVE: Latest breaking news, sport, weather, traffic and travel The Chronicle's live breaking news service including Friday's traffic, travel, weather, sport and more covering Newcastle and the North East Tyne & WearWhen is April Fools' day and why do we try and prank people? April Fools day is nearly here so get ready to play some pranks Newcastle upon TyneWhy you have to impress a schnauzer and mini doodle at a job interview Newcastle dog carer service lets Poppy and Elsie sniff out applicants for a dog lover's dream job Newcastle Crown CourtTerrified man stabbed by ex and squirted with ammonia by thug in shocking dawn attack The victim was sound asleep when he was confronted in bed and then savagely attacked with a knife and corrosive liquid in a Sunderland flat County DurhamHappy 20th birthday to the Teletubbies - and a North East connection Popular with children, parents and students - the Teletubbies first appeared on television 20 years ago Most Read Most Recent Newcastle Crown CourtTerrified man stabbed by ex and squirted with ammonia by thug in shocking dawn attack The victim was sound asleep when he was confronted in bed and then savagely attacked with a knife and corrosive liquid in a Sunderland flat Adam JohnsonShamed Adam Johnson finally sells luxury mansion - but stands to lose £250,000 The former Sunderland and England star, who was sacked after becoming a sex offender, is believed to have sold his County Durham pad Newcastle United FCNewcastle United's horrendous April stats - and why Rafa Benitez is the man to put it right Newcastle United's record in the penultimate month of the season has been risible lately - but Rafa Benitez is on a mission to put it right CowgateCarrick's once had more than 100 cafes and shops - but what became of the famous brand? The Carrick's brand once had more than 100 outlets across the North East - and 12 in Newcastle city centre alone Newcastle United FCNewcastle United news LIVE: Rafa Benitez to face the press at 1; Gayle set for recall All the latest Newcastle United news and analysis as the Magpies get back on the training ground ahead of Wigan Sunderland AFCAdnan Januzaj: I've learnt a different approach at Sunderland but you can't question my mentality On-loan Manchester United playmaker Adnan Januzaj admits he has had to adjust his game at the Stadium of Light but insists he is tough enough Traffic & TravelNorth East news LIVE: Latest breaking news, sport, weather, traffic and travel The Chronicle's live breaking news service including Friday's traffic, travel, weather, sport and more covering Newcastle and the North East Tyne & WearWhen is April Fools' day and why do we try and prank people? April Fools day is nearly here so get ready to play some pranks Sunderland AFCSunderland AFC news LIVE: Moyes speaks to the press, Cattermole is back for Watford trip All the latest news from the Sunderland camp, as the Black Cats prepare for Saturday's crucial Watford trip Newcastle United FCNewcastle United news LIVE: Rafa Benitez to face the press at 1; Gayle set for recall All the latest Newcastle United news and analysis as the Magpies get back on the training ground ahead of Wigan Top Stories Newcastle Crown CourtTerrified man stabbed by ex and squirted with ammonia by thug in shocking dawn attack The victim was sound asleep when he was confronted in bed and then savagely attacked with a knife and corrosive liquid in a Sunderland flat Adam JohnsonShamed Adam Johnson finally sells luxury mansion - but stands to lose £250,000 The former Sunderland and England star, who was sacked after becoming a sex offender, is believed to have sold his County Durham pad Newcastle United FCPako Ayestaran discusses his fall-out with Rafa Benitez and backs him to succeed at Newcastle The Spaniard was Benitez's Assistant Manager for just under 12 years before the pair reportedly fell out in 2007 Bradley Lowery'Best friends' Bradley Lowery and Jermain Defoe reunite in hospital after leading England at Wembley Bradley beamed with delight after receiving new toys and a visit from his favourite footballer - Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe Newcastle upon TyneWhy you have to impress a schnauzer and mini doodle at a job interview Newcastle dog carer service lets Poppy and Elsie sniff out applicants for a dog lover's dream job GatesheadAmazing Isla was not expected to survive her Valentine's Day birth - just look at her now This brave little star is finally going home after five weeks in hospital battling a rare heart condition Catherine McKinnellQuality of new apprenticeship schemes under fire from North MPs MPs say the Government's target of getting three million people on apprenticeships may be damaging the quality of the schemes SunderlandShould we wear suits to work? North East boss says he won't meet reps who are casually dressed The tech sector has adopted casual clothing, with the likes of Mark Zuckerberg turning up to work in t-shirts - but does that mean we all can? John Spence Community High SchoolGoing, going, gone! The old John Spence High School in North Shields has disappeared The building, opposite Tynemouth Swimming Pool, has been demolished as part of a school remodelling scheme Newcastle United FCNewcastle United's horrendous April stats - and why Rafa Benitez is the man to put it right Newcastle United's record in the penultimate month of the season has been risible lately - but Rafa Benitez is on a mission to put it right EducationSATs tests could be scrapped for seven-year-olds - we take a look at the plans The testing system has been controversial for some time - and now it's set to look very different North ShieldsWe take a look inside the first all female tattoo parlour in the North East A former dental nurse opened the studio in North Shields after realising there was a gap in the male-dominated tattoo market Newcastle Crown CourtTerrified man stabbed by ex and squirted with ammonia by thug in shocking dawn attack The victim was sound asleep when he was confronted in bed and then savagely attacked with a knife and corrosive liquid in a Sunderland flat Adam JohnsonShamed Adam Johnson finally sells luxury mansion - but stands to lose £250,000 The former Sunderland and England star, who was sacked after becoming a sex offender, is believed to have sold his County Durham pad CowgateCarrick's once had more than 100 cafes and shops - but what became of the famous brand? The Carrick's brand once had more than 100 outlets across the North East - and 12 in Newcastle city centre alone Newcastle upon TyneCould you survive on just £8 a month for food? Fears over Universal Credit impact on Newcastle Newcastle City Council has submitted a report to Government about the impact of its benefits policy in Newcastle and how it could be improved NorthumberlandSuspected flasher targets Northumberland schoolgirls four times in space of two days Police say the same man is believed to be behind all four indecent exposures taking place on Tuesday and Wednesday Duncan WatmoreSunderland star Duncan Watmore a life saver after boat crash during Caribbean holiday Sunderland winger Duncan Watmore helped save the lives of three elderly passengers after they were thrown overboard a speedboat North ShieldsWe take a look inside the first all female tattoo parlour in the North East A former dental nurse opened the studio in North Shields after realising there was a gap in the male-dominated tattoo market AmbleTragedy as Northumberland boxer dies in Thailand just days before fight Jordan Coe, who grew up in Amble, was training for a fight when he died on Sunday - and preparations are under way to bring him home bank holidayWhen are the UK Bank Holidays in 2017? Here are the dates for your days off If you're one of the lucky ones who doesn't have to work during Bank Holidays then get these dates in your diary John Spence Community High SchoolGoing, going, gone! The old John Spence High School in North Shields has disappeared The building, opposite Tynemouth Swimming Pool, has been demolished as part of a school remodelling scheme Bradley Lowery'Best friends' Bradley Lowery and Jermain Defoe reunite in hospital after leading England at Wembley Bradley beamed with delight after receiving new toys and a visit from his favourite footballer - Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe Tyne and Wear MetroTyne and Wear Metro system returns to public hands but how will it affect passengers? We answer your questions about changes to the services and how long it will remain publicly run North East NewsColin Gregg sentenced to 13-and-a-half years' prison RECAP: Former teacher is jailed for abusing boys Colin Gregg, son of the Greggs Bakery founder, has been sentenced at Newcastle Crown Court today for abusing four young boys Colin Gregg Trial'Predatory paedophile' Colin Gregg jailed for 13-and-a-half years for sexually abusing young boys The 75-year-old son of the Gregg's bakery founder was jailed at Newcastle Crown Court on Thursday SunderlandShould we wear suits to work? North East boss says he won't meet reps who are casually dressed The tech sector has adopted casual clothing, with the likes of Mark Zuckerberg turning up to work in t-shirts - but does that mean we all can? GosforthBoy with rare disability learns to walk in a month with help of Gosforth chiropractor Mason Graham suffers from a rare syndrome which meant he was unlikely to learn to walk and talk ScotswoodPolice investigating suspected 'deliberate' hit and run in Scotswood A 20-year-old man was left injured after a black Citroen C2 mounted the kerb in Yewcroft Avenue on Wednesday Traffic & TravelNorth East news LIVE: Latest breaking news, sport, weather, traffic and travel The Chronicle's live breaking news service including Friday's traffic, travel, weather, sport and more covering Newcastle and the North East Newcastle upon TyneWhy you have to impress a schnauzer and mini doodle at a job interview Newcastle dog carer service lets Poppy and Elsie sniff out applicants for a dog lover's dream job BentonUnleash your ninja: Benton trampoline park set to open its doors and create 45 jobs The Jump 360 venue will offer everything from foam pits and dodgeball courts to a giant ninja assault course News What's On Sport Business Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time Bingo How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars DEV Google Optimize A/B testing tool for websites launches out of beta globally Paul Sawers@psawers March 30, 2017 10:20 AM Tags: Google, Optimize, Optimize 360 Above: Google Optimize Google has announced that its Optimize and Optimize 360 A/B website testing tools are now available to everyone after a prolonged period in beta. Some details of Google Optimize 360 first surfaced back in 2015, with a limited beta trial kicking off last March. In a nutshell, Optimize 360 is a website testing product that sits on top of Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager, and helps businesses test and experiment with multiple different versions of their site to see how it performs against a predefined objective. It enables a full end-to-end A/B test, underpinned by a what-you-see-is-what-you-get (WYSIWYG) visual editor that lets users drag-and-drop components and test them out with live users. Above: Google Optimize Google doesn’t seem to have advertised a price for Optimize 360, but some reports have pegged it at a whopping $150,000 a year or more. As an enterprise-focused tool, the price is likely variable depending on the size and scope of the company in question. But a free version, Google Optimize, was unveiled six months ago, aimed at smaller businesses with less resources to expend on A/B testing. As you’d expect, it has some limitations, such as allowing only three concurrent experiments, compared to an unlimited number in Optimize 360, while target metrics are limited to three also. According to Google, 250,000 users have requested access to Google Optimize since it entered beta last year, and as of now both versions of the service are available to users in more than 180 countries. You can read more about the full feature set here. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Terms Of Service ABOUT HELP PRIVACY POLICY Facebook Twitter Youtube Search for: Home Multimedia Radio Video Audio The Andrew Carrington Hitchcock AFP Show Archives Support Store Subscribe About Login News Ticker [ March 30, 2017 ] American Free Press Is Under Attack! National News [ March 30, 2017 ] Beginning of the End as Brexit Takes Shape Freedom [ March 29, 2017 ] The Battle of the Billboards Rages On in the South Freedom [ March 29, 2017 ] Tech Company Behind Russian Hacking Claims Forced to Roll Back Botched Reports National News [ March 29, 2017 ] Who Lost and Who Won When Obamacare Replacement Failed? Politics HomeNational NewsAmerican Free Press Is Under Attack! American Free Press Is Under Attack! The High Priests of Political Correctness Are at It Again! March 30, 2017 AFP Editor National News, Politics 0 Dear American Free Press supporter: Let’s be honest. As far as cash reserves go, the bank account of American Free Press is usually as empty as Mother Hubbard’s cupboard. We struggle every month to make ends meet, but always get the job done. We publish a real newspaper—not one loaded with the kind of fake news you get from the controlled media and so many “alternative” media outlets who don’t bother to check the facts. That’s right: Our bank account is small, but our staff and writers have the hearts of lions. And though our print subscribership is relatively small and we are lucky to crack the top 75,000 websites in the world every year, we certainly get noticed by a lot of high-powered agitators. Just recently, for instance, Internet giant Google informed us that they will no longer do business with us. On February 9, we received a termination notice from the brass at Google ending our advertising contract. The reason?  AFP is, in a nutshell, too politically incorrect for them. Incidentally, we were making just $144 a month from what is known as Google Ad Sense. Google Ad Sense monitors website traffic and discovered last year that AFP’s Internet site, staffed by just one part-time employee, had, on average, nearly 400,000 different people reading a grand total of over 1.7 million pages on our website every month. Despite the small staff and the minimal budget, these are very good numbers for some of the “big boys,” let alone one small, independent newspaper fighting for its existence. But Google didn’t care. They informed us our relationship was over—without the right of appeal—because of what they called a “site-wide violation of policy” related to articles and products they think are too hot to handle. Fine, we figured. What’s $144 a month in the grand scheme of things? But then we thought we’d look a little closer. Recently, a wide-eyed, wet-behind-the-ears journalist named Tess Townsend, writing for a website named “Recode,” made a shocking admission. Google did not make this decision on a whim. No. This massive company was pressured into the move by an allegedly “non-profit” gang of “free speech watchdogs” called Media Matters for America, a group once sued by C. Boyden Gray, former White House counsel for George H.W. Bush, for violating the rules of non-profit organizations by using their website as a platform to smear conservatives. In 2011, Gray sent a letter to the IRS alleging that Media Matters’s activities were not primarily educational, but instead “unlawful conduct.” He asked that the tax-exempt status of Media Matters be revoked! And it should have been. But who is Media Matters, and why does it matter? Media Matters for America was started in 2004 by a man named David Brock (the former boyfriend of James Alefantis of Comet Ping Pong Pizza fame). Their office space was initially supplied free of charge by John Podesta, with whose name you are no doubt familiar. And guess who gave her time as a volunteer consultant for Media Matters in the early days of its formation? None other than Hillary Rodham Clinton. But let’s delve a little deeper. A non-profit organization like Media Matters, with a fancy website and a staff busting out of their D.C. offices (long-since moved out of the cramped office space supplied by Podesta) must have received funding from somewhere. But from where? And from whom? It turns out that Media Matters got a big kick start with a $2 million donation from a group called MoveOn.org. You remember them, right? They’re the group that helps organize anarchistic rallies against Donald Trump and other conservative politicians and journalists, supplying logistics and funds so leftists of all stripes can shut down cities, tie up traffic, and keep hardworking people like you and me from getting to work so we can feed our families while groups like Black Lives Matter and ski mask-wearing hooligans can destroy the personal property of businesses, throw bricks through shop windows, physically attack people they don’t agree with, and even rain down rocks and stones on average Americans trying to attend conservative political rallies. Hundreds of them were arrested during the Trump inauguration because, honestly, they could have killed people. And, according to D.C. police, they almost did. They have no concern for free speech. No concern for differing opinions. And they certainly don’t care a lick for anyone who won’t adopt their Marxist political agenda. The Left definitely does not practice the “tolerance” it preaches. But the plot thickens . . . By the way, MoveOn.org is directly funded by one of the richest leftist troublemakers in the world. You guessed it. Hungarian-American George Soros. It’s clear that nothing goes on at MoveOn.org that slimeball Soros does not know about personally. According to a CNN report, Soros himself donated $1 million to Media Matters in its early stages. In a 2014 interview, founder Brock said Soros’s donations only accounted for “less than 10%” of the budget of Media Matters. So, trust me when I say, there is a real move afoot to destroy free speech in America, led by some of the richest and best-funded billionaires and “advocacy” groups in the world.  And American Free Press has now become a focus of these powerful culture munchers—ones that don’t really like that you and I have opinions about things that are in stark contrast to theirs. Yes, American Free Press is now on the front lines of a battle for freedom of speech. And what a battle it will be. Am I exaggerating?  I don’t think so . . . They ALL have axes to grind with AMERICAN FREE PRESS . . . Does left-leaning Arianna Huffington have an axe to grind with American Free Press? Huffington, who went out of her way to commission a hit piece on American Free Press last year, was peeved when we wouldn’t just lie down and shut up after she trained both barrels of her smear machine at AFP. After she attacked us, we went on the offensive and exposed her as a fraud—a fraud who, judging from former employees, had more complaints from workers than the Wicked Witch of the West. Has she got money to burn? She sure does, as we’ll explain later. Does John Podesta have an axe to grind with American Free Press? Did we hit a little close to home with our honest coverage of his strangely intimate involvement with Hillary? Does Hillary Clinton have an axe to grind with American Free Press? Maybe a little. AFP sold literally thousands of copies of Hillary (And Bill)—Victor Thorn’s magnum opus on the crimes of the Clintons. Thorn is no longer with us, but he made his mark and ruffled that vulture’s feathers. Does George Soros have an axe to grind with American Free Press? Well, it’s AFP that has consistently exposed his involvement in nearly every anti-American “protest” group out there, from Black Lives Matter to pro-abortion groups to anti-Trump rabble-rousers and to slimy outfits like Media Matters, that insist all dissenting viewpoints be crushed without mercy. Now let’s do a little math . . . • According to the website “How-Rich.com,” John Podesta is worth $12 million. • According to “CelebrityNetWorth.com,” Arianna Huffington is worth $50 million. • Bill and Hillary Clinton are alleged to be worth as much as $50 million. But we know that is a low-ball figure. According to The Washington Post (and we think we can trust them on this, but probably not for much else besides the weather and the sports scores), the Clintons have amassed a global empire including the Clinton Foundation that may be, in fact, worth $2 billion. • And what about George Soros? According to Forbes magazine, Soros was worth, in 2017—now take a deep breath—$25.2 billion. • And Google. You better sit down if you aren’t already. Larry Page and Sergey Brin are together worth a combined $498 billion! • The aforementioned president of Media Matters, David Brock, by the way, makes (according to its non-profit tax form for 2011) more than $286,000 per year. Do you realize that would pay every single staff member and freelance writer AFP employs for an entire year? That’s some high-octane pocketbook power—all trained on American Free Press. But what’s the real reason “THEY” hate AFP? Could it be because: • AFP refuses to kowtow to these overlords of the mass media and politics? • AFP refuses to run their cookie-cutter fake news stories and instead debunks them? • AFP—with the support of our readers—consistently scoops them issue after issue? • AFP actually checks facts before running with a story? • AFP—alone among all independent news media—has managed to continue to publish a newspaper in print and on the web, on a shoestring budget, that consistently outperforms the largest media outlets in the world? • AFP is not controlled by advertisers, lobbying groups or the CIA? If you know anything about “Operation Mockingbird,” you know the CIA has a long history of using the mainstream media to plant stories designed to condition the American public for war. Is it possible American Free Press irritates the masters of the media more than any other news outlet in business today? Well, whatever we are doing, the likes of those mentioned above apparently have a hive of African killer bees in their bonnets. They are determined to shut us up. But guess what? THAT’S NOT GOING  TO HAPPEN! But we have to admit: There is only one way we can survive to win this battle. Fortunately, we have something all those billionaires and millionaires and media moguls don’t have . . . a dedicated group of subscribers and supporters—average Americans—who understand the importance of a truly independent media.  And you are one of these people. You are all our dedicated partners in our effort to get the truth out. We’re not asking for a billion dollars. Nor a million. Nor $100,000 . . . We just want enough to keep on publishing, to keep on irritating the powers that be by not giving in. And we vow that we will keep publishing until we either drop dead or emerge victorious. By surviving . . . we win.  And so does America. Without American Free Press, what is there, really? Just a tiny handful of papers that are in the same boat as AFP. We can count them on one hand. And kudos to them as well. But let’s be honest. Of those, AFP is the loudest, most effective independent voice for freedom in this country today that is not controlled by outside, un-American agitators. As long as you like what we are doing and are willing to open your wallets every few months and send in whatever you can, we will not be silenced. Your support means we will never be forced to crawl up to the altar of fake news and worship at the feet of the high priests of political correctness. AFP may very well be the last real newspaper in America with any substantial voice. But, without you, our voice could one day go silent. And that’s no lie. We can’t let that happen! Please click here to make a donation. We’re not in it for the profit. We’re in it for America. And we know you are, too. Thank you from the bottom of my heart, – Paul Angel Vice Chairman / Art Director / Production Manager / Chief Branding Officer American Free Press P.S. To the list of high-powered muckety-mucks who want to silence AFP, you can add the Anti-Defamation League (net assets of $90 million for 2015) and the Southern Poverty Law Center (currently worth more than $250 million).  They have been trying since we started to shut our doors—but have failed again and again. P.P.S. While piecing together this request for assistance, I just got word from our webmaster that YouTube, the massive video channel, can be added to the list of companies that want our message censored. Worth between $26 billion and $40 billion, according to online estimates, YouTube has given us our first “strike” and suspended our ability to post videos on their site for 90 days. Why? One video we posted about the suppression of free speech in Canada is too politically incorrect! Where does it stop? It’s time to draw our own line in the sand. . . . TO DONATE: Click here or… Call 1-888-699-6397 toll free to charge a donation, Mon.-Thu., 9-5, or mail to AFP, 16000 Trade Zone Avenue, Unit 406, Upper Marlboro, MD 20774. If you would like to talk to an AFP staff member about donating, please call 202-544-5977. You can talk directly to me by calling that number and the operator will gladly transfer the call. Previous article Next article Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website If A New Comment Is Posted: Do Not Send Email Notifications.Send Email Notification ONLY If Someone Replies To My Comment(s).Send Email Notification Whenever A New Comment Is Posted. Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. What’s Happening Now American Free Press Is Under Attack! March 30, 2017 0 Tech Company Behind Russian Hacking Claims Forced to Roll Back Botched Reports March 29, 2017 2 Rape of Teen in Maryland Highlights Dangers of Illegal Immigration March 25, 2017 4 Google Scrubs Politically Incorrect Sites from Searches March 24, 2017 5 Israeli Teen Arrested for Making Bomb Threats to Jewish Centers March 23, 2017 14 Congress’s Probe Into Possible Trump-Russia Ties Fizzles March 21, 2017 4 Is Congress Pushing Obamacare Repeal or Obamacare 2.0? March 21, 2017 1 Federal Courts Say Foreigners, Not Citizens, Entitled To Due Process March 19, 2017 1 Why Is McCain Hijacking Trump’s America First Foreign Policy? March 17, 2017 2 Convicted for Self Defense Against BLM Thugs March 14, 2017 34 THIS WEEK’S ISSUE AMERICAN FREE PRESS APPS About me Categories Alternative Health Archive Audio Bookstore Conspiracy Buzz Featured Freedom Latest Issue Mideast National News Police State Politics Poll World Recent Articles Beginning of the End as Brexit Takes Shape American Free Press Is Under Attack! The Battle of the Billboards Rages On in the South Tech Company Behind Russian Hacking Claims Forced to Roll Back Botched Reports Who Lost and Who Won When Obamacare Replacement Failed? Recent Comments Francewhoa on Tech Company Behind Russian Hacking Claims Forced to Roll Back Botched Reports Ronald L. on The Battle for Jerusalem Shannon on Tech Company Behind Russian Hacking Claims Forced to Roll Back Botched Reports R.M. Stockmann on Congress’s Probe Into Possible Trump-Russia Ties Fizzles Home ABOUT ADVERTISE HELP PRIVACY POLICY TERMS and CONDITIONS Copyright © 2017 | American Free Press. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Big Cable's Case for Selling Your Data Doesn't Hold Up subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours So, what has Devin Nunes been up to? Here's a brief timeline of his odd surveillance claims bit.ly/2ogffJG Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Klint Finley. Klint Finley Business Date of Publication: 03.30.17. 03.30.17 Time of Publication: 1:04 pm. 1:04 pm Big Cable’s Case for Selling Your Data Doesn’t Hold Up Getty Images This week, the House of Representatives followed the Senate in voting for a resolution that throws out Obama-era regulations that would have banned your internet service provider from selling your web browsing history to advertisers. What possible reason could Congress have for repealing such a consumer-friendly policy? The refrain on the House floor yesterday was “consistency.” “What America needs is one standard across the internet ecosystem,” said representative Greg Walden (R-OR). If services like Google and Facebook can turn data into profit, the logic goes why can’t the cable companies? But the House’s resolution doesn’t actually apply a single, consistent standard to the internet. It maintains the broken status quo, one in which internet service providers aren’t actually at a disadvantage to websites and apps. If anything, they’re held to a lower standard. Get What You Pay For There’s a growing awareness that you pay for “free” services like Facebook and Google by allowing them to serve up targeted advertisements, based on the data they collect from you. You might not be fully aware of the extent to which Facebook can track you across the web, but it does at least nag you to double check your privacy settings. Google, likewise, has made recent advertising expansions expressly opt-in. Related Stories Klint Finley The Senate Prepares to Send Internet Privacy Down a Black Hole Klint Finley VPNs Won’t Save You from Congress’ Internet Privacy Giveaway Emily Dreyfuss Wanna Protect Your Online Privacy? Open a Tab and Make Some Noise But your internet services aren’t free. You probably already pay handsomely for your home broadband and wireless data plans. There’s no built-in expectation that your providers will “double dip” by selling your data and collecting advertising fees. But under the current law, it’s entirely acceptable for them to do so, as long as there’s at least some cryptic mention in the fine print of your contract. The Federal Communications Commission rules that Congress voted to jettison would have changed that. Had the rules gone into effect, internet providers would have had to seek your opt-in permission before selling your data. Google and Facebook would still have been subject to Federal Trade Commission rules that only require that you be able to opt-out. Republicans argue that because these rules aren’t perfectly consistent, consumers would be confused and, therefore, the less strict rules should be restored. Leaving aside whether it makes sense to regulate websites and internet providers in exactly the same way—and whether it makes sense to lower the privacy bar for internet providers rather than raise it for websites—the GOP’s line of reasoning has another problem. The resolution, which President Trump’s advisors are urging him to sign, won’t actually restore the FTC’s authority to regulate internet providers. An appeals court decided last year that only the FCC can regulate “common carrier” telecommunications services, and throwing out the FCC’s privacy rules doesn’t change that. That means the rules for websites and apps (“edge providers,” in legal lingo) will be just as inconsistent with those covering internet providers as they would have been had the FCC’s privacy rules taken effect. Uneven Playing Field For years, ISPs operated under FTC guidelines that require companies to get your explicit permission before selling certain types of information, such as your social security number, medical records, or your location. At the same time, these rules didn’t require similar opt-in permission to sell your web browsing history. In 2015, the FCC reclassified broadband internet providers as common carriers, and then last year set about creating a new set of privacy rules that were stricter than those of the FTC. Specifically, the rules would have added browsing history to the list of things that companies needed opt-in permission to sell. But because of the appeals court decision ruling that the FTC has no authority to regulate common carriers, internet providers—unlike sites like Google and Facebook—currently don’t have any guidance as to what information they can or can’t sell. That’s not to say that internet providers can do anything they please. Even without the new rules, the FCC has case-by-case authority under the Communications Act of 1933 to go after companies that violate their customers’ privacy, or engage in unfair or unjust practices, explains Dallas Harris, a policy fellow with consumer advocacy group Public Knowledge. The agency used that authority last year when it fined Verizon for collecting customers’ web browsing data without even mentioning it in their fine print, let alone giving them the chance to opt out. Still, without clear rules as to what counts as an invasion of privacy, consumers too often are left guessing about how providers can use their data. A few possibilities exist for closing this gap and restoring consistent rules. The FCC could issue new privacy guidelines and hope they aren’t struck down for being too similar to the rescinded rules. Congress or the FCC could also try reversing the 2015 decision to reclassify internet providers as common carriers. But because the country’s largest internet providers also sell voice services, the courts may still rule that the FTC has no authority to impose privacy rules. In that case, Congress could pass new legislation that would give the agency authority over common carriers. That still wouldn’t stop your ISP from selling your data without asking for explicit permission. But it would restore some semblance of order to the rules. If politicians were serious about consistency and restoring the FTC’s authority, they should have started with that. Instead, they chose a path that preserves inconsistency and creates more even more confusion. The only thing it clarifies is that your privacy remains as compromised as ever. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. cable ISP privacy Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Wanna Protect Your Online Privacy? Open a Tab and Make Some Noise Privacy Wanna Protect Your Online Privacy? Open a Tab and Make Some Noise Emily Dreyfuss Valerian’s Biggest PR Problem: It Did Everything First Movies Valerian’s Biggest PR Problem: It Did Everything First Adam Rogers The World’s Biggest Porn Site Goes All-In on Encryption encryption The World’s Biggest Porn Site Goes All-In on Encryption Brian Barrett If You Want a VPN to Protect Your Privacy, Start Here Security If You Want a VPN to Protect Your Privacy, Start Here Lily Hay Newman For Google, the AI Talent Race Leads Straight to Canada Artificial Intelligence For Google, the AI Talent Race Leads Straight to Canada Cade Metz A Silicon Valley Lawmaker’s $1 Trillion Plan to Save Trump Country Basic Income A Silicon Valley Lawmaker’s $1 Trillion Plan to Save Trump Country Issie Lapowsky Inside the Hunt for Russia’s Most Notorious Hacker Security Inside the Hunt for Russia’s Most Notorious Hacker Garrett M. Graff Famed Hacker Kevin Mitnick Shows You How to Go Invisible Online Security Famed Hacker Kevin Mitnick Shows You How to Go Invisible Online Kevin Mitnick More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business Artificial Intelligence For Google, the AI Talent Race Leads Straight to Canada Cade Metz Basic Income A Silicon Valley Lawmaker’s $1 Trillion Plan to Save Trump Country Issie Lapowsky media Journalism Fights for Survival in the Post-Truth Era Bitcoin A Plan to Save Blockchain Democracy From Bitcoin’s Civil War Cade Metz Retail Amazon’s Time-Saving Trick for Groceries: You Drive to Us Davey Alba physics Yes, Spider-Man Can Jump 6 Meters Onto a Moving Ferry. Physics Says So Rhett Allain We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours So, what has Devin Nunes been up to? Here's a brief timeline of his odd surveillance claims bit.ly/2ogffJG Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours So, what has Devin Nunes been up to? Here's a brief timeline of his odd surveillance claims bit.ly/2ogffJG Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
  Virtualization Server Hardware Server Software Open Source Data Center Management Server Operating Systems About Us Server News Tutorials Server Trends Reviews Server Topics Slideshows Newsletter Sign-Up Virtualization Server Hardware Server Software Open Source Data Center Management Server Operating Systems Power and Cooling More Serverwatch.com Server Trends Read more on "Server Virtualization Spotlight" » RECOMMENDED MOST POPULAR 1 Docker Seeking to Help Users Keep Their Secrets Secure 2 Can vCloud Air Compete Against Cloud Heavyweights AWS and Azure? 3 vSphere 6.5 Seeks to Solve the Virtual Machine Encryption Conundrum 4 Why Kubernetes Is All-Conquering 5 VMware's 'Friendship Strategy' Making Strides as It Launches vSphere 6.5 1 Installing and Activating Hyper-V Linux Integration Services Container Self-Driving Technology Gets Turbo-Charged in Tectonic By Paul Rubens (Send Email) Posted March 30, 2017 Digg DZone Reddit Slashdot StumbleUpon del.icio.us Facebook FriendFeed Furl Twitter Google Google has been busy over the last few years working on self-driving cars, and the attraction of them is obvious: imagine a stress-free journey where you get into a Google vehicle and relax while it takes care of your safety and gets you to where you want to be. But cars are not the only self-driving technologies Google is connected to. There's also Kubernetes, the open source container management system that was originally designed by Google (and subsequently donated to the Cloud Native Computing Foundation). This probably needs a little deeper explanation, so here goes. CoreOS, a container software company, has built a commercial container management system called Tectonic on top of Kubernetes. The open source software sits at the heart, with CoreOS's proprietary software wrapped around it. And one of the things Tectonic delivers is pure un-patched upstream Kubernetes with what the company is calling self-driving capabilities. In this context this means Kubernetes automatically updates itself with the latest patches, upgrades and vulnerability responses. That way users can be sure they have the most up-to -date, secure version of Kubernetes running in production. This may scare some people — just like taking your hands of the wheel and letting a car do the driving is undoubtedly unnerving — and CoreOS is aware of this. "Like the self-driving features of a modern car, we have made the functionality available as an option," said Alex Polvi, CoreOS's CEO. "It is available today in CoreOS Tectonic as a preview feature that can be enabled using an install option." Tectonic Self-Driving Will Now Automatically Update to All Future Versions of Kubernetes When the self-driving feature was first announced in December it had limited ability to upgrade the underlying version of Kubernetes, but with the latest release of Tectonic (which arrived on January 31), it can automatically update to all future versions of Kubernetes. And in the near future the company promises to be able to update not just Kubernetes but also etcd and third party add-ons like the open source monitoring system Prometheus, and Dex, CoreOS's open source standards-based identity provider and authentication solution. Tectonic Now Free to Use? While Kubernetes is free (as in speech) open-source software, Tectonic is not. But with the latest release, CoreOS has announced that Tectonic is free, as in beer, to use with up to ten nodes for anyone to try out. Along with the most current release of Kubernetes, Tectonic also includes installers to help users get up and running quickly, a console to visually investigate clusters, and security features to allow integration with existing security frameworks. One more change that's been going on at CoreOS is in the naming of its operating system. The company offers an open-source, ultra-lightweight version of Linux, designed for containers, which it called CoreOS Linux. But now, ostensibly to differentiate the operating system from the name of the company, CoreOS has changed the name of CoreOS Linux to Container Linux. That's a much better name in that it does exactly what it says on the tin, even if it shows a remarkable amount of chutzpah — implying, as it does, that it is the "official" operating system of containers. But then CoreOS has never been short of chutzpah, and it's a trait that continues to suit the company rather well. Paul Rubens is a technology journalist and contributor to ServerWatch, EnterpriseNetworkingPlanet and EnterpriseMobileToday. He has also covered technology for international newspapers and magazines including The Economist and The Financial Times since 1991. Follow ServerWatch on Twitter and on Facebook Page 1 of 1 Read more on "Server Virtualization Spotlight" » Tags: cloud computing, security, Google, Cloud, Microsoft, EMC, virtualization, Apple, Dell, server virtualization, Hyper-V, VMware, public cloud, VMware vSphere, Triton, containers, virtually speaking, public clouds, docker, orchestration, Docker Containers, CoreOS, Kubernetes, container security, virtualized infrastructure, containerization, CoreOS Linux, Google Kubernetes, VMware vSphere 6, vRealize, CoreOS Rocket, Reporting-as-a-Service, tectonic, Twistlock, Open Container Initiative, Docker 1.8 0 Comments (click to add your comment) Comment and Contribute Your name/nickname Your email (Maximum characters: 1200). You have characters left.     Thanks for your registration, follow us on our social networks to keep up-to-date
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Miracle Skin Cream Nets Biggest Deal in Shark Tank History Home | Bernie Reeves Tags: google | advertisers Advertisers Tussle With Google Over Ugly Content, as I Once Did (David Ramos/Getty Images) By Bernie Reeves Thursday, 30 Mar 2017 12:27 PM More Posts by Bernie Reeves Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Global advertisers will withdraw $750 million scheduled to run on Google this year for deleterious placement of client ads near jihadist recruitment videos, among other distasteful programming. The action reminds me of farmers with torches and pitchforks storming Victor Frankenstein’s castle in Germany. To Google, the upset advertisers and their money are parking meter change to the Internet leviathan. Google is beyond human metaphors. It’s Godzilla, and the rest of us don’t count. For one pitiful example, it took two years to convince Google to remove a blatant post designed to harm my reputation. Perhaps being a conservative placed me in the line of fire. Imagine clicking on your Google listings and discovering they are gone, except for the search bar that says “I’m Feeling Lucky”! One click, and a full screen in a lurid color pops up, featuring a giant headline labeling me a racist. The attack referred to a statement I allegedly wrote in an editorial column. However, it was clear the words weren’t mine but a quotation I used, and carefully cited. To prove my guilt, the vandals cited the quote from someone else to libel me. Stop and think a second. If you were me, would you not be furious, aware the reference to you was like a giant billboard that may not come down? Would you feel desolate everything in your life and history are airbrushed, for all I knew, permanently? And what financial harm to my publication was coming? I felt as if I was gazing from a tiny star across light years of time to a giant, sealed, and impenetrable space ship, peopled by technobots who speak a different language. I tracked down the left-wing political activists. But Google was complicit by altering their global format to allow the attack, and to rub out my life’s achievements. I have yet to discover if anyone else, a company or an institution, has been attacked by Google’s nefarious acts to try to ruin a person or entity they don’t even know. An email to Spaceship Google was diving into the void, like falling through a wormhole. A telephone call is retro tech but it might work. It did, and progress ensued. But only after two years of letters, emails, phone calls, and lawyers. What got me was Google’s first reaction, obviously the party line to flick off nuisances like me: well, we are posting the reference to you as a single-entry one-time racist tirade, completely different from any Google posting, because it received the most hits. Hold the phone and reboot your computer! There were thousands of listings for me before this crime, with no entry about the alleged racism. Was he really saying the race entry received the most hits, although it wasn’t listed before Google’s ferocious attack on me? Are you actually lying with a straight face, everything about my career is ignored by visitors to my Google listings, except this previously non-existent racial libel? And how did it somehow rise from not being listed at all to number one? This went on until my attorney suggested we write a final letter before running up more fees to research old and new law related to Spaceship Google, and the lawless frontier of the Internet. It struck me as astoundingly ironic that, despite the advances in communications, a good old letter did the trick. We had won, but at what cost? If I had not dedicated body and soul and time, the racist accusation could still be there, all by itself, representing my entire life. That’s scary, and evil. Bernie Reeves founded five regional publications and the Raleigh Spy Conference. His writing has appeared in National Review and American Thinker. For more of his reports, Go Here Now. More Posts by Bernie Reeves McCarthy's Legacy Still Misportrayed by Media After Venona Disclosure Democrats' Putin-Trump Narrative Devolves Into Farce Media Derangement Making America Look Bad, Not Trump More Newsmax Blogs: Dave Taylor: Political Correctness Has Killed Assimilation David Ignatius: Nunes Impeding Bipartisanship of Russia Investigation Scott Rasmussen: Pivot Counties Bill Clinton Won Rejected Hillary in 2016 © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share BernieReeves Global advertisers will withdraw $750 million scheduled to run on Google this year for deleterious placement of client ads near jihadist recruitment videos, among other distasteful programming. google, advertisers 625 Thursday, 30 Mar 2017 12:27 PM 2017-27-30 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like McCarthy's Legacy Still Misportrayed by Media After Venona Disclosure Thursday, 23 Mar 2017 14:56 PM So what do we know 67 years later? For one thing, that McCarthy actually underestimated the number of American Soviet sp . . . Democrats' Putin-Trump Narrative Devolves Into Farce Tuesday, 07 Mar 2017 16:23 PM Russia is as likely to invade the U.S. as Belgium. But the Democrats needed an evil enemy in order to destroy Trump, who . . . Media Derangement Making America Look Bad, Not Trump Tuesday, 21 Feb 2017 11:44 AM The arrogant American media maintain it is President Trump causing negative opinion about the U.S. Truth is, Trump’s not . . . More Most Commented Trump Slams Freedom Caucus: 'We Must Fight Them' Thursday, 30 Mar 2017 | 755 comments There's enough people and organizations attacking conservatives without... Sessions Threatens to Withhold Funds in Sanctuary City Crackdown Monday, 27 Mar 2017 | 645 comments Start arresting these politicians as once in jail the reality of their... Politico: Freedom Caucus Had Secret Pact, Led to Plan's Failure Monday, 27 Mar 2017 | 508 comments The "Freedom Caucus" what and whom are they? The residue from the Tea... Trump: Healthcare Deal Will Happen 'Very Quickly' Wednesday, 29 Mar 2017 | 457 comments The real winner has been the American people; the prior bill that was... Angry Over Healthcare Fail, Trump Voters Spare Him Blame Sunday, 26 Mar 2017 | 535 comments I love how people are trying to paint this as a Trump "failure".1st, the... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [March 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: A few months later, and my Google Home is indispensable – and I’ve only scratched the surface Trending in Google Corporate Review: Samsung Chromebook Plus has a display and build worthy of Android apps [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 831.50 0.09 Samsung Galaxy S8 tidbits: Pre-order deals, unlocked model, camera smudges, Google Assistant, Bluetooth 5.0, and more Ben Schoon - Mar. 30th 2017 10:06 am PT @NexusBen Android Samsung Samsung Galaxy S8 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Yesterday Samsung’s Galaxy S8 and S8+ impressed us in a lot of ways, but when so much information hits at one time, it’s easy to miss some of the smaller details. So, let’s take a look at some of the bits of information you might have missed regarding Samsung’s latest devices. The best gifts for Android users Pre-order deals In case you missed it, today is pre-order day for the Galaxy S8. All major carriers and many retail outlets already have the phones up for order ahead of the April 21st release. In an effort to get you to buy from one and not the other, most outlets have their own set of deals to go with your order. Regardless of where you buy, Samsung will throw in its updated Gear VR headset with its controller — a $129 value. The company is also including the option to add $99 to the price to score a pair of premium headphones by AKG (on-ear, not earbuds like the included ones), as well as a 256GB microSD card. Then, there are carrier deals. Most are offering up the same Gear VR bundle or $99 add-on, but Sprint is also cutting $30 off the price for anyone who pre-orders. Lastly, there’s the best deal available, via Best Buy. The retailer will be offering most major carrier variants of the two phones, but at significantly lower prices. If you’re looking to get the standard S8, Best Buy will cut the price by $50 on the spot (including with monthly financing). That brings the price down to $699 on AT&T and Sprint, and $669 on Verizon. If you’re considering the S8+, Best Buy is chopping off $100. That’s $715 on Verizon and $750 on AT&T and Sprint. Samsung Galaxy S8 at Best Buy Samsung Galaxy S8 at Verizon Samsung Galaxy S8 at AT&T Samsung Galaxy S8 at T-Mobile Samsung Galaxy S8 at Sprint Unlocked units are coming, in May… If you have your heart set on an unlocked Galaxy S8, you’re in luck, sort of. Samsung has confirmed (via CNET) that the company will indeed be offering an unlocked version of the S8 and S8+, and just like the unlocked S7, they’ll be compatible with both GSM and CDMA networks. Unfortunately, those units won’t be available until May 9th. If you’re planning to pay full price anyway, it’s probably worth waiting since carrier unlocked phones are pretty awesome… Battery life actually looks pretty decent Without a doubt the biggest concern surrounding the Galaxy S8 and S8+ is battery life. Both phones pack respectable battery sizes at 3,000 mAh and 3,500 mAh respectively, but that’s on phones with 5.8-inch and 6.2-inch displays. Traditionally, phones with displays that large have much bigger batteries (see Mate 9 with 5.9-inch and 4,000 mAh). However, according to Samsung’s own estimates, battery life won’t be much different from the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge. SamMobile put together an excellent comparison looking at the battery stats side-by-side, and while the S8 series loses in some areas, it’s on par for the most part. Samsung has a new, very satisfying launcher As we covered in another article yesterday, Samsung’s new launcher on the Galaxy S8 family is like a really weird version of Google’s Pixel launcher, and in just a few minutes I totally fell in love with it. It’s clean, easy to use, and it’s a smart way to hide the app drawer from plain sight. Samsung's new Galaxy S8 launcher app drawer is so satisfying… https://t.co/uPJLsgPW9z pic.twitter.com/K0UZbIcRtz — Ben Schoon (@NexusBen) March 29, 2017 “Gigabit” speeds on T-Mobile LTE T-Mobile is of course carrying the Galaxy S8, and it’s very proud to say that the phone is one of the first capable of achieving “gigabit-class” speeds on its network. As you can see in the video below, the S8 peaks with speeds as high as 950mbps, just shy of gigabit speeds. Unfortunately, the average users won’t really be able to take advantage of this yet. The S8 hit these speeds in T-Mobile’s testing, but even in the heart of T-Mobile coverage, you certainly won’t see the same results. It is great to see, though, that the phone is capable of such astounding speeds, as we’ll eventually see those in the real world. Yes, Google Assistant works on the S8 One of Samsung’s big announcements with the Galaxy S8 is Bixby, its new digital assistant. As good as it does look, this is still Android, which means many users will want to tap into “the power of Google” with Google Now and Google Assistant. While the demo units we played with didn’t have Google accounts running to test them out fully, we were able to confirm that, yes, Google Assistant is available out of the box on the phone. Simply long-press the home button and you’ll be greeted with the Assistant, just like on any other Android phone. Samsung knows you’ll use the camera as a fingerprint sensor by mistake, so it built an alert to clean it One of the biggest items of controversy on the Galaxy S8 is the location of the fingerprint sensor. There’s nothing wrong with it being on the back, but by placing the sensor so high on the phone and so close to the camera sensor, Samsung is just begging for frustrated users — and it knows it. As spotted by Android Central, the Galaxy S8’s camera app can actually recognize when there’s a smudge on the camera sensor from when you mistakenly put your finger there and will tell you to clean it off. It won’t show up every time, but enough to where you’ll never forget to keep the lens clean. It will also only occur after you’ve set up the fingerprint sensor. Coincidence? I think not… This is the first phone with Bluetooth 5.0 The Galaxy S8 has a few firsts for Samsung, but it also has a couple for the industry as a whole. For one thing, it’s the first mass-produced device with the Snapdragon 835. It’s also the first device with Bluetooth 5.0, and that’s awesome for a few reasons. It has better range, improved speeds, and wider device support. One of the features it also includes is support for streaming to two audio devices at once. Apps like YouTube can be adjusted to fit the funky aspect ratio The last little detail we picked up from spending time with the S8 in person is its special capabilities with video playback. The phone has a funky 18.5:9 aspect ratio, and apps aren’t always going to play nice with that. YouTube, for instance, has black bars on either side of the video. However, Samsung has a quick fix for this with a button that can adjust the size of the video to fit the display entirely. It’s a nice feature to have for sure. Ben Schoon @NexusBen Ben is a writer for 9to5Google who can also be found over on the 9to5Google YouTube channel and on Twitter @NexusBen. Favorite Gear Pixel XL Gear S3 Frontier Huawei Mate 9 Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Samsung View THe Guide Samsung Galaxy S8 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [March 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: A few months later, and my Google Home is indispensable – and I’ve only scratched the surface Trending in Google Corporate Review: Samsung Chromebook Plus has a display and build worthy of Android apps [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 831.50 0.09 Google says Android Wear 2.0 rollout delayed due to a bug Stephen Hall - Mar. 30th 2017 9:12 am PT @hallstephenj Android Wear View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit We told you yesterday that Google is now rolling out the Android Wear 2.0 update to three Android Wear smartwatches, but the question remains: What about the rest of them? The update is indeed coming, but now we have an idea of why it was seemingly delayed. Google says there was a bug discovered in the final stages of testing. Book a Free Smart Home Consultation w/ Amazon Services Here’s the full statement from Google: We have started rolling out the Android Wear 2.0 update to Fossil Q Founder, Casio Smart Outdoor Watch WSD-F10 and Tag Heuer Connected. For other devices, the update is currently being delayed due to a bug found in final testing. We will push the update to the remaining devices as soon as the issue is resolved. Google leaves it a bit open-ended as to when we can expect the update to begin rolling out to devices other than the three rollouts that started yesterday, but at least we now know what has been going on. For a full list of devices set to get Android Wear 2.0, head over and check out the full list that Google provided when it announced its new LG Watch Sport and LG Watch Style. Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Wear View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
coventrytelegraphLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Coventry News UK & World News Business Health Crime Politics Education Motors History News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Food & Drink Things To Do ShoppingExpand Sport Latest Sport Coventry City FC Football Rugby Wasps RFC Coventry RFC Rugby League Speedway Other Sport Sport OpinionExpand Football Coventry City FC Wasps RFC Business In Your Area Coventry Warwickshire Nuneaton See all locationsExpand Sign in My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices Plus Rewards BuySell Dating Book an Ad Buy a Photo Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands Home News Google News You could be caught on Google Street View today Google car spotted in Coventry  Share  Comments ByEnda Mullen 15:40, 30 MAR 2017 Updated16:00, 30 MAR 2017 News  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email You could be immortalised on Google Street View if you’re out and about in Coventry today or this weekend. A Google camera car was spotted driving around the city this afternoon. The Google-liveried Vauxhall Astra , equipped with a distinctive hi-tech camera mount on its roof, was spotted on Bishop Street and several times on the ring road just before 2pm. Read More Google Street View Time Machine - look how Coventry city centre has changed The mount contains a number of cameras and combined they are capable of taking 360 degree pictures. The Google Street View Camera car - spotted on the Coventry ring road The search engine giant is updating its maps in the Midlands and is believed to be collecting images around Coventry over the coming days. The cameras snap a number of photos as well as capturing GPS data to match each photograph to its location. The Google Street View Camera car - spotted on the Coventry ring road Pictures from each camera overlap and special software then ‘stitches’ them together to form a map. The car also has three lasers which reflect off buildings and other objects and help Google to create 3D models for their maps. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @covtelegraph Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Google Coventry News all Most Read Most Recent EmploymentThese are the laws set to change TOMORROW - here's what you need to know The legislation passed by the Government is likely to affect the household income and living costs of millions of people Coventry City FCSky Blues fan's Wembley panic after Checkatrade Trophy final tickets go missing in the post Natalie Woodbridge had bought tickets for her and her three children EducationMore warnings over Roblox game - here's how parents can disable it A spokesman for Roblox said there is an option for parents to switch off the chat button completely CanleyUproar in Canley as plans change from new homes to student village Planning consent was granted for 44 dwellings in 2015 - but now student homes are proposed EmploymentHundreds of jobs available at Warwick University - how to apply The roles come as part of a 70 per cent expansion of the current WMG (Warwick Manufacturing Group) workforce EmploymentThese are the laws set to change TOMORROW - here's what you need to know The legislation passed by the Government is likely to affect the household income and living costs of millions of people CoventryPensioner to walk 200-mile round-trip to London on his OWN Kewal Singh from Cheylesmore says it is to keep fit Coventry City FCSky Blues fan's Wembley panic after Checkatrade Trophy final tickets go missing in the post Natalie Woodbridge had bought tickets for her and her three children EmploymentHundreds of jobs available at Warwick University - how to apply The roles come as part of a 70 per cent expansion of the current WMG (Warwick Manufacturing Group) workforce NuneatonNew jobs set for Nuneaton with plans for farm land Initial plans for an employment or distribution site have been shared with residents Most Read Most Recent EmploymentThese are the laws set to change TOMORROW - here's what you need to know The legislation passed by the Government is likely to affect the household income and living costs of millions of people Coventry City FCSky Blues fan's Wembley panic after Checkatrade Trophy final tickets go missing in the post Natalie Woodbridge had bought tickets for her and her three children Coventry City FCCoventry City v Oxford at Wembley: Here's who is cup-tied for both sides Sky Blues forced to re-shuffle at the back while U's lose two up front EducationMore warnings over Roblox game - here's how parents can disable it A spokesman for Roblox said there is an option for parents to switch off the chat button completely CanleyUproar in Canley as plans change from new homes to student village Planning consent was granted for 44 dwellings in 2015 - but now student homes are proposed CoventryLive: Breaking news and travel from Coventry and Warwickshire on March 31 News, sport and travel updates from across the region and beyond Coventry City FCCoventry City v Oxford at Wembley: Here's who is cup-tied for both sides Sky Blues forced to re-shuffle at the back while U's lose two up front EmploymentThese are the laws set to change TOMORROW - here's what you need to know The legislation passed by the Government is likely to affect the household income and living costs of millions of people CoventryPensioner to walk 200-mile round-trip to London on his OWN Kewal Singh from Cheylesmore says it is to keep fit Coventry City FCSky Blues fan's Wembley panic after Checkatrade Trophy final tickets go missing in the post Natalie Woodbridge had bought tickets for her and her three children Top Stories EmploymentThese are the laws set to change TOMORROW - here's what you need to know The legislation passed by the Government is likely to affect the household income and living costs of millions of people CoventryPensioner to walk 200-mile round-trip to London on his OWN Kewal Singh from Cheylesmore says it is to keep fit Coventry City FCSky Blues fan's Wembley panic after Checkatrade Trophy final tickets go missing in the post Natalie Woodbridge had bought tickets for her and her three children NHSDisabled Nuneaton woman who cannot wash herself or go to the toilet denied funding for wet room Her friends are raising thousands to get the wet room fitted in her home CanleyUproar in Canley as plans change from new homes to student village Planning consent was granted for 44 dwellings in 2015 - but now student homes are proposed CourtsMurder accused broke nearly every single rib of postman he ran over, court hears Kamaljit Dhaliwal denies murdering David Lamont at Corley Rocks AtherstoneMurder probe launched after man mown down and attacked 26-year-old died after suffering serious head injuries NuneatonMan slashed across face in daylight attack in Nuneaton A 50-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing GBH with intent Coventry Crown CourtRecap: Jury hears evidence from police crash investigator at Coventry postman murder trial Kamaljit Singh Dhaliwal is charged with Mr Lamont’s murder GoogleYou could be caught on Google Street View today Google car spotted in Coventry BedworthChildren left shocked after man hurls racist abuse in Bedworth school grounds Police are treating the incident as a hate crime West Midlands PoliceWatch: Burglars caught red-handed breaking into 'honey pot' houses Unsuspecting burglars broke into honey pot house full of police hidden cameras EmploymentThese are the laws set to change TOMORROW - here's what you need to know The legislation passed by the Government is likely to affect the household income and living costs of millions of people Coventry City FCSky Blues fan's Wembley panic after Checkatrade Trophy final tickets go missing in the post Natalie Woodbridge had bought tickets for her and her three children EducationMore warnings over Roblox game - here's how parents can disable it A spokesman for Roblox said there is an option for parents to switch off the chat button completely EmploymentHundreds of jobs available at Warwick University - how to apply The roles come as part of a 70 per cent expansion of the current WMG (Warwick Manufacturing Group) workforce CanleyUproar in Canley as plans change from new homes to student village Planning consent was granted for 44 dwellings in 2015 - but now student homes are proposed GoogleYou could be caught on Google Street View today Google car spotted in Coventry M40Two men from Warwickshire dead in fatal M40 collision A driver and passenger of a van veered off the motorway and crashed into trees West Midlands PoliceWatch: Burglars are caught red-handed breaking into West Midlands Police honey pot houses Unsuspecting burglars broke into honey pot house full of police hidden cameras CoventryPensioner to walk 200-mile round-trip to London on his OWN Kewal Singh from Cheylesmore says it is to keep fit Courts16-year-old Coventry boy behind bars after having sex with girl who was only 12 Teenager charged with rape because girl was legally to young too consent BedworthChildren left shocked after man hurls racist abuse in Bedworth school grounds Police are treating the incident as a hate crime CourtsMurder accused broke nearly every single rib of postman he ran over, court hears Kamaljit Dhaliwal denies murdering David Lamont at Corley Rocks AtherstoneMurder probe launched after man mown down and attacked 26-year-old died after suffering serious head injuries CoventryXXXX porn star on UK sex tour in mobile BROTHEL heading for Coventry - and police can't stop her Police confirmed officers were called over the alleged activity but told the caller there was nothing the force could do NHSDisabled Nuneaton woman who cannot wash herself or go to the toilet denied funding for wet room Her friends are raising thousands to get the wet room fitted in her home NuneatonMan slashed across face in daylight attack in Nuneaton A 50-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing GBH with intent SolihullSuspected gang boss arrested by armed police in Lithuania Suspected Solihull mobster James Mulvey held at gunpoint PoliticsDisability benefits shake-up to take force - and it will affect thousands A new law on Personal Independence Payment (PIP) will go ahead CrimeHow to get paid £25,000 for helping catch cashpoint 'skimmers' LINK says even information that may seem insignificant could “prove invaluable in convicting someone involved in cash machine crime” CoventryTributes to Coventry man killed in horror crash on A5 Steven Atkins' family have paid tribute to the 51-year-old News What's On Sport Football Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay close Breaking news
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: INDYLIFE Women are better leaders than men, study of 3,000 managers concludes "They are decidedly more suited to management positions than their male counterparts" Rachel Hosie @rachel_hosie Thursday 30 March 2017 17:31 BST Click to follow Indy/Life There are twice as many men called John as there are women leading FTSE100 companies. What's more, the proportion of women declines at each stage of an executive career path.  But a new study has concluded that women are better suited to leadership than men. Read more The number of female CEOs at the world's biggest companies is falling The study, led by Professor Øyvind L. Martinsen, head of Leadership and Organisational Behaviour at the BI Norwegian Business School, assessed the personality and characteristics of nearly 3,000 managers. In nearly all areas, they concluded that women were better leaders than their male counterparts. Women outperformed men in four of the five categories studied: initiative and clear communication; openness and ability to innovate; sociability and supportiveness; and methodical management and goal-setting. However men did appear to be better than women at dealing with work-related stress and they had higher levels of emotional stability. Google marks International Women's Day with 13 amazing women + show all Google marks International Women's Day with 13 amazing women 1/13 Ida Wells An African-American journalist and activist born in Mississippi in 1862, she wrote prolifically on the fight for women’s suffrage as well as the struggle for civil rights. She documented the practice of lynching black people in the southern states showing how it was often used as means of controlling or punishing black people who competed with whites rather than as a means of “justice” for crimes. 2/13 Lotifa El Nadi Egypt’s first female pilot born in 1907 in Cairo. Although her father saw no need for her to pursue secondary education, expecting her to marry and have a family, she rebelled and worked as a secretary and telephone operator at a flying school in exchange for lessons as she had no other means to pay for the training. Her achievements made headlines around the world when she flew over the pyramids and competed in international flying races. 3/13 Frida Kahlo A Mexican painter and activist born in Mexico City in 1907, her work has been celebrated internationally as emblematic of Mexican national and indigenous traditions and by feminists for its honest depiction of female experience. 4/13 Lina Bo Bardi A Brazilian architect, born in Italy in 1914, she devoted her life to the promotion of the social and cultural potential of architecture and design. She is also celebrated for her furniture and jewellery designs. 5/13 Olga Skorokhodova A Soviet scientist born into a poor Ukranian peasant family in 1911, she lost her vision and hearing at the age of five. Overcoming these difficulties in a remarkable way, she became a researcher in the field of communication and created a number of scientific works concerning the development of education of deaf-blind children. She was also a teacher, therapist and writer. 6/13 Miriam Makeba A South African singer and civil rights activist born in Johannesburg in 1932, she was forced to work as a child following her father’s death. She became a teenaged mother after a bried and allegedly abusive marriage at 17, before she was discovered as a singer of jazz and African melodies. After becoming hugely successful in the US and winning a Grammy, she became involved in the civil rights struggle stateside as well as in the campaign against apartheid in her home country, writing political songs. Upon her death, South African President Nelson Mandela said that “her music inspired a powerful sense of hope in all of us.” 7/13 Sally Ride An American astronaut and physicist, she was born in Los Angeles in 1951 and joined NASA in 1978 after gaining her PhD. She became the first American woman and the third woman ever to go into space in 1983 at the age of 32. Prior to her first space flight, she attracted attention because of her gender and at press conferences, was asked questions such as, “Will the flight affect your reproductive organs?” She later worked as an academic at the University of California, San Diego. 8/13 Halet Cambel A Turkish archaeologist born in 1916, she became the first Muslim women to compete in the Olympics in the 1936 Berlin games as a fencer. She declined an invitation to meet Adolf Hitler on political grounds, and after the conclusion of the Second World War, she trained as an architect and later worked as an academic in Turkey and Germany. 9/13 Ada Lovelace An English mathematician and writer born in 1815, she became the world’s first computer programmer. The daughter of poet George Byron, she is chiefly known for her work on Charles Babbage's proposed mechanical general-purpose computer, the Analytical Engine, and was the first to recognise the machine had applications beyond pure calculation, creating the first algorithm intended to be carried out by such a machine. 10/13 Rukmini Devi An Indian dancer and choreographer credited with reviving Indian classical dance, she was born in 1904 and presented her form of dance on stage even though it was considered “low” and “vulgar” in the 1920s. She features in India Today’s list of “100 people who shaped India” having also worked to re-establish traditional Indian arts and crafts and as an animal rights activist. 11/13 Cecilia Grierson An Argentine physician, reformer born in Buenes Aires in 1859, she became the first woman in Argentina to receive a medical degree having previously worked as a teacher. Women were barred from entering medical school at the time, so she first volunteered as an unpaid lab assistant before she was allowed to train as a doctor. She was acclaimed for her work during a cholera epidemic before going on to found the first nursing school in Argentina. The harassment she experienced at mediacl school helped make her a militant advocate for women’s rights in Argentina. 12/13 Lee Tai-young Korea’s first female lawyer and judge born in 1914 in what is now North Korea, she was also an activist who founded the country’s first legal aid centre and fought for women’s rights throughout her career. Her often mentioned refrain was, “No society can or will prosper without the cooperation of women.” She worked as a teacher, married and had four children before she was able to begin her legal career after the Second World War, becoming the first woman to enter Seoul National University. She also fought for civil rights in the country and was arrested in 1977 for her beliefs, receiving a three-year suspended sentence and a ten year disbarment. 13/13 Suzanne Lenglen A French tennis champion born in 1899, she popularised the sport winning 31 championships and dominating the women’s sport for over a decade. She was the first female tennis celebrity and one of the first international women sports stars, overcoming a childhood plagued with ill health including chronic asthma – which continued to plague her in her adult life. At 15, she became the youngest ever winner of a major championship and lost only seven matches during her entire career. She received widespread criticism for her decision to turn professional, but defended her right to make a decent living in the days when the grand slam tournaments paid a relative pittance to the winners. “Businesses must always seek to attract customers and clients and to increase productivity and profits. Our results indicate that women naturally rank higher, in general, than men in their abilities to innovate and lead with clarity and impact,’” said Professor Martinsen. “These findings pose a legitimate question about the construction of management hierarchy and the current dispensation of women in these roles.” Read more Trump's speech on women's empowerment is his best joke yet It’s hoped the results of the study will challenge workplace norms. Whilst people might think progress is being made, the number of women running the 500 most powerful companies in the US fell by more than 12 per cent last year. “The survey suggests that female leaders may falter through their stronger tendency to worry - or lower emotional stability,” study co-author Professor Lars Glasø said. “However, this does not negate the fact that they are decidedly more suited to management positions than their male counterparts. If decision-makers ignore this truth, they could effectively be employing less qualified leaders and impairing productivity.” More about: women female leaders Leadership Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google's VP of communications products teases an early image of Allo on the web Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/02/23 4:58pm PDTFeb 23, 2017 201 Plus 1 on G+ 261 Share on Facebook 100 Share on Twitter Total Shares562 Applications Google News Google announced Allo at Google I/O last year and people were strangely excited about it. Maybe this would finally be the Google chat app to rule them all. When it came out, Allo was lacking in... well, a lot of things. One of the most unsightly gaps in Allo's feature set was the lack of a web version. Google is working on that, and VP of communications products Nick Fox has given us an early glimpse at it. According to Fox, the screen above is from an early version of Allo's web interface. It appears to be running in Chrome on a Mac. The screen has many of the things we've become accustomed to in Allo including smart replies, stickers, and Assistant. Having Google Assistant accessible on your desktop might be neat even if you don't use Allo for chat very much. Still in early development, but coming to a desktop near you... #GoogleAllo #SneakPeek pic.twitter.com/f7QNFH7IHO — Nick Fox (@RealNickFox) February 24, 2017 This will be a big step for Allo when it's released. The app is currently limited to phones, and only a single phone. If you switch devices, you have to set up Allo all over again and you lose your history. Presumably the web version will always have that backed up regardless of the phone you use. It would be great if Google would allow multiple Android devices alongside the web version, or at least implement backup and restore for chat history. What do you say Google? Tags allo apps chat Google subscribe ... Previous Story Le Pro3 and Le S3 are receiving a new update that brings an app drawer, camera improvements, ... ... Next Story LG announces the X Power2 with a large battery, aimed at multimedia users and gaming enthusiasts Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments ddevito Great, but SMS fallback or its meaningless catalysto Not for me. I don't really care about SMS fallback; missing the desktop version is really my only gripe (and the fact that you can't use it on multiple devices). Geoff Johnson There are already dozens of web-based messaging programs, why not use one of those if you don't care about SMS? catalysto They are all mostly terrible. Max Web-based messaging programs is not the same than multi-device messaging programs (web+mobile transparently)... And that's why almost no one uses Allo but millions still use WhatsApp everyday despite its shortcomings. hunter2 When he said web-based, I think he just meant the mutliple services with no SMS fallback. I think the point was that if you don't care about SMS fallback, then why not just use one of the multiple services already out there which already have huge userbases and web based front ends (in addition to their mobile apps). Impulse_Vigil I'd like to have both things, but desktop version would be my #1 too. catalysto Indeed, I'd probably use SMS fallback if I had it, but at the same time, I kind of like that Google is going the all-data route with Allo. SMS is an outdated technology that needs to die, and every app that supports it is just helping it stay on life support. Suicide_Note Agreed. If it had SMS fallback, Allo would be the only text/chat app i use. As it is now, i only use it with my wife. For everyone else i have to use Google Messenger. JLV90 Uses Mac OS and not chrome OS Good_Ole_Pinocchio You expect them to develop on a Chromebook? If they want Chrome they can open a browser. exadeci He's a VP of comm but anyway Chrome OS isn't work ready Yury H About time... Now if only we could have that SMS fallback.... Good_Ole_Pinocchio SMS fallback or bust yann933 Why not RCS Fallback ¯_(ツ)_/¯ Gonzales Because RCS differs depending on the carrier brolivar I can't for Universal Profile in Q2 2017! SpadeX Honestly I think even if they add that or multiple devices support, there will barely be any increase in the amount of installs. It will still fall behind the current messaging beasts that are out already. They need something that sets Allo apart and make it stand out in front of the others. Assistant wasn't it apparently. Neither were the extra sticker packs. mxwp it could be the best thing in the world and it will not be good because of the network effect.... everyone is already using something else! SpadeX Well, Allo did reach the top charts for some time. With some good consistent marketing of its unique features, it might reach that milestone again. I will honestly have to say that I stopped using it because it's painfully similar to WhatsApp in terms of the design and layout, an original UI revamp with full material design support could very likely make me consider reusing it. Impulse_Vigil I actually care about this more than SMS fallback, but that's because I don't m mind multiple apps and already have some friends/family using Allo. Artem Russakovskii I asked Nick some follow-up questions. Hope he responds. https://twitter.com/ArtemR/status/834927511951716352 https://twitter.com/ArtemR/status/834927791070040065 https://twitter.com/ArtemR/status/834927899241172993 Carson Saldanha lol doubt it whispy_snippet Ha, it's probably "Allo Desktop". A brand new messaging app for large screens (not compatible with Allo for mobile). Sir_Brizz Hahahaha UKTK8 That would be...useful! : MeCampbell30 This reminds of those times when reporters shout questions at the President or foreign dignitaries as they are walking out of the room. Iamsecond Fourthly, will this have yet another Google Assistant that has a different set of abilities to the other ones? Allo, two wasted potentials in one product. That's what I call value! Peter Isn't that screenshot showing old version Chrome 55? In 56 they changed the https lock to include the word 'Secure'. Means this screenshot is a few weeks old. Maybe. exadeci Or it could just mean that he didn't close Chrome in a while and his mac is running 24/7 so the update didn't have the possibility of being done. Andrew Clement The three dots on the right show that he has an update ready. So he must have not restarted his Chrome lately :P Peter Ah good spot! Carson Saldanha STILL 3 MESSAGING APPS, GOOGLE! Carson Saldanha Which one do you want us to use?!? Carson Saldanha Hangouts, Messenger, or Allo? Yury H Don't forget Spaces! trwnh Already forgot Spaces. Yury H So did everyone else.. Thisismyusername1982 And Google Voice is being split back out from hangouts. Carson Saldanha where'd you hear that? Thisismyusername1982 Hangouts is being redirected toward business and Google Voice is getting all of its apps updated. Writing is on the wall. Carson Saldanha Oh, well I know that. I thought you meant that Hangouts would soon stop supporting Google Voice numbers. kirko77 Latest update to G voice is all Material Design and at the first start it's asking you if you want to start using G Voice as a messaging app. So I'd say it's true roberto.elena They want you to use WhatsApp... isn't it obvious? Thisismyusername1982 you forgot a few dsignori Great. Now just let me use it on more than 1 device. Great news! Nicholas Conrad I smell an M Night Shyamalan-esque plot twist: 'Allo desktop' uses Google accounts, not phone numbers, and a separate back-end protocol so it's not inter-operable with the phone version, creating yet another Google messaging platform. Bryan Breguet To add insult to injury, it's actually cross-platform with Hangout megapixelz So I've kind of been lost for a last month since I also don't use Hangouts often, did Google basically scrap the program? Richard Branches I think it's time for google to release some of its apps in UWP format on windows desktop by downloading them from the windows store: youtube, hangouts, play music, play movies and allo... Lateef Alabi-Oki Not happening. Google is now fully invested in Progressive Web Apps. The only native platform they'll spend resources on is Android and iOS. I don't see them ever building native apps for the desktop. The exception of course is their development tools. And they'll most likely to use Java for that. JasonIvers Chrome is a native app for the desktop... Did you forget that one? DragoCubed thats different.you can't build chrome online unlike google's other services Lateef Alabi-Oki Good. Once this hits, I can dump Hangouts. But before that, I need to them to integrate Project Fi into the new Google Voice app. Grey You can dump Hangouts but if none of your friends dump Hangouts have fun talking to no one. stolzyboy At least you can still SMS in Hangouts. Google needs to get their crap together; get the web version running, backend all connects to same point, multiple devices and SMS integration (at least until or if RCP is standardized amongst carriers). Come on Google, you agree Google for crap's sake and you can't beat Apple FaceTime? Bleh I say, bleh! iZi by looking at the new google product windows https://www.google.ca/intl/fr/about/products/ the only messaging app is Allo/Duo. they seem serious about making their main horse! i_say_uuhhh How about a standalone desktop app? Also a SMS alternative app, like Hangouts used to be. (Not sure if it still is) Iamsecond Allo, goodbye. JP They just don't get it. Samsung can't start transitioning to Tizen soon enough... that will get Google thinking straight again. Casey Do you think you could live on Samsung's app store alone? JP They have enough clout to pull it off. Really who is going to challenge them on the android side? Google's Pixel? lol maybe in 5-6 generations (of phones). Nokia would have the best shot and even that is a long shot that would take 2-3 years of successful phone releases to get 10-15% of the android market. stolzyboy Tizen will never come even remotely close to Android. A Samsung store would be miniscule comparatively and then devs would need to make apps for that, it'll die like BlackBerry. Look at Cyanogen, they had delusions of grandeur to topple Android with Android's own self and they couldn't muster that without ending up like a fart on a windy day. Poof... jcopernicus Imagine if you have to choose a phone or a web client. lol pfmiller Nice, but still useless if people aren't using it. Why couldn't they have made it compatible with their already existing and widely used Hangouts protocol? Casey Hangouts is not a protocol. pfmiller It uses a protocol. I have be no idea what the underlying protocol is named, and it doesn't really matter. Sir_Brizz Great, now I have to decide if I want the web client or the mobile client? belac77 people have been asking for this since Allo's release and the web client is still in very early development? :/ Synacks I always like to hit CTRL + F for "SMS" on these articles. Even with 235984 hits Google still doesn't get the hint. Alex De La Rosa Still no SMS though, the most basic function of a messaging app.﻿ Edit: "still in early development" lmao what? What have they been doing all these months besides giving us "bug fixes"﻿ Margaritas Ante Porcos So there's still no reason to ditch Whatsapp? Ramon Google's allo mindset: Let's get stickers right. Let's make them great again. Then we expand... JLV90 What do you mean again? sraj49 WhatsApp is widespread and if Allo has to attempt to challenge them then the following are absolutely essential. 1 Backup WhatsApp contacts messages, groups and import them to Allo as well as send messages to contacts and groups to join. 2 Copy and forward messages to multiple contacts or groups 3 When you forward web pages the heading also to be tagged 4 Facility to quote a message and respond like in WhatsApp 5 Backup to Google drive 6 Send files, pictures, GIFs and videos to multiple contacts, groups 7 Best if SMS can be integrated and baked in to the system as default messaging c00ller They're putting even MORE resources into Allo?? Cakefish SMS support with Google Messenger's material design colour theming (where it changes colour based on contact picture) would be nice. Paul Hansen No Emoji's/stickers announced in this article. Not interested. TechGuy22 Close but not there yet. This is a good feature but not must wanted. eddiepearson People continue to cry about this. Watch, desktop and SMS fallback come and some of you will say "well, it still doesn't make my breakfast!!" . Y'all will never be happy. AbbyZFresh Too little, too late Google. This market is oversaturated. Stephen B Morris OK. I just don't get it. Why couldn't Google just rebuild Hangouts from the ground up with universal protocols and call it a day? Honest question. Isn't one app that can do everything well better than two (Allo and Duo)? Corbin Davenport No they can't, because that makes too much sense. SpadeX They're targeting Hangouts for the businesses, while Allo and Duo are meant for general purposes. hunter2 The apps themselves can be tailored uniquely for their intended functionality while keeping the underlying protocol the same. Outlook 2016 and the Inbox web app are completely different interfaces for the exact same underlying data and are completely inter-operable. Impulse_Vigil Probably a brand/PR things, Hangouts will forever have the G+ cooties, and a horrible name regardless (I used both btw, and still use G+ but not Hangouts). AbbyZFresh The problem is, Google is too slow to react to what the market needs. Jordan L Awesome!! Rony But will it include more stickers??? DragoCubed FINALLY. Hopefully they don't go the Whatsapp web approach and go for a Hangouts/Telegram one. That would be enough for me to use Allo. I want SMS fallback but it isn't going to be easy for Google is it? They've gotta see who's on what device, whose set it as default, have stuff for groups. I get confused with internet messaging, RCS and SMS. Doesn't Apple have some license on with iMessage? Google needs to make Allo the default SMS app on all phones instead of letting manufacturers replace it. They could also just do something like how Chrome works on iOS, and let all other SMS apps be like a skin or maybe just make Allo be the only SMS app. How complicated. mxwp yeah Apple has a patent, which is why neither Google or Facebook has SMS fallback stolzyboy Hangouts still has SMS and has for a long time. There is absolutely no reason to not implement true SMS integration, at least until or if RCS becomes standardized amongst the carriers. mxwp i mean the imessage automatic SMS fallback that only Apple has. Hangouts and FB Messenger can do SMS, but not have fallback to it. although pretty soon Hangouts won't have carrier SMS, just GVoice. Thisismyusername1982 Wake me up in 2 years when it is replaced with another app from google. DragoCubed Allo web. Google Babbel. Android talk. Android messenger. Android messages. Google messages. Remember when hangouts was rumoured to be called babbel or something? Daniel Tiberius lol did you post this before Android Messages was just announced? DragoCubed I did. I remember when I first saw the article in how they renamed it and thought I predicted the future. Haha. I made a comment on that article. Too bad that for some reason it's gone. Daniel Tiberius Well it didn't go unnoticed dude. That's the kind of thing I'd be telling every nerdy friend I can find lol. mxwp everything will be merged into one and it will be called GChat again. Grey Please just fix Hangouts I don't want to be forced onto a new messaging platform that isn't automatically on every phone or gmail. Gabriele Molinarolo or make Allo become "com.google.android.talk" ;) EcE Now I just need someone to use it with. Couldn't care less about SMS anything. turco320 The New Google Wave Sir_Brizz At least it has more a practical application than Wave did. Patrick Smithopolis Why did they release Allo? It has nothing to offer over the competition. mxwp beta testing for their AI. matteventu New update to Messanger that changes the name: https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/30ac704d85308f957f123cb02a8940af6b5260b2297a34388484346bdf259a8f.png 2.1.161 Victor Stuber Am I the only one who hates these website-based desktop "apps"? I want a real messaging app that I don't have to keep in an open tab. It makes having conversations really annoying having to go back to chrome and finding my tab just respond. Atoqir You could save a shortcut with the option "Open in a Window" and pin it to your start menu or taskbar. I have WhatsApp and Messenger pinned like that and it feels like a real app. It also does notifications. Pretty handy JG I wouldn't be opposed to a stand alone app as well. Though I would imagine there's probably a good chance Google will release it as both a website and as a Chrome Extension (like they've done for Hangouts). The Extension opens its own window and taskbar icon so you don't have to hunt through open browser tabs. Someone did manage to get Hangouts to work on Pidgin. You have to go through a couple nerdy steps to get the account authorization token but otherwise it should work. Depending on how different Allo is from Hangouts, it may be possible for someone to get something similar running for Allo once Google opens it up a little more, Bowsek Would've been really awesome, if people actually used it Rob Easy solution to Hangouts/Allo mess: Let Hangouts and Allo share the same backend. Your messages will appear in both apps. It doesn't matter which of the two apps your contact is using. Call the messages "Google messages" or something like that, that appear in both Hangouts and Allo. At first it may sound confusing you think, but no, I don't think it is! "From now on all your messages are shared between Hangouts and Allo - the Google messaging apps. Use the app of your choice and you can still reach all your contacts". I think most people would understand that. Jean Blaguin And now the Google "Messengers" app is renamed "Android messages" ahahav JG Having messages shared between the two services could be nice. Though you may run into issues if someone summons the Assistant or one of the other bots since Hangouts doesn't support them. It would be very helpful, though, if Google were to allow us to import all of our chat archive from Hangouts into Allo (especially if they plan to push Allo to their enterprise side away from the average user). That way, you don't have to start completely over. Your in all the group chats you were before (no need to go through & manually add everyone again) and can just pick up right where you left off in Hangouts. That was an initial issue with getting people to use Google+. No one wanted start over and abandon years worth of found friends, wall posts etc. Obviously Google would have had an issue harvesting that info from Facebook, but since we're talking about moving from one Google service to the other, it shouldn't be that big of a deal. bL4Ck It's 6 months too late, DOA. Kevin Turabian I hate that I agree with this, since Allo is a great app. However this needed to be released simultaneously with the app and a tablet version if they had wanted any traction in western markets. abc Lame. No body wants desktop support, Google. The one complaint I keep hearing about Allo, is that it has too few stickers. Please Google, give the people more stickers! Aaron https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2f63949f863f6376f35166dc31e08fc8dc7de2752f6a35270ce89074670f9149.jpg Efraim Davidoff If they don't hurry up and make features like WhatsApp - especially now with the new status feature - the app isn't going to make it. Even with allo on the web John Travolta It's too late now... Faheem Ahmed where is the desktop client ... imean duo and allo...to kill skype and wireand imo bort118 Hands up, who forgot Allo exists? Deeco It took them a year to create a Web app lol. Desktop means native apps for Windows/Mac, just give up already and use Telegram ffs!!! richard smith Hangouts. Enough said. mxwp just hope with the new focus they don't make Hangouts only available for paid GSuite users kirko77 Yeaaaa..... That's just great, Nick. But you seem to have missed the train and no one gives a crap about Allo anymore. See.. That's what happens when you release an incomplete product and don't follow up quick enough with must-have features -Sms -multi device -web Adam Margeson I've given up on Hangouts, refuse to use FB (including Messenger), don't use SMS much other than GV and my friends aren't on WhatsApp, Telegram or several of the others. That leaves me with few choices, one of which is Allo. I use it with my wife and a few of my friends, so yes, there are some people that "give a crap" about Allo. keithzg And apparently you know all of them! Glibness aside, what is it about Allo that convinces your friends and wife to use it when they apparently won't use "WhatsApp, Telegram or several of the others"? Adam Margeson We were using Hangouts and were curious to try the do-over app that Google made with its new "Google Assistant". Besides, just because I said that I had given up on Hangouts doesn't mean I stopped using it. I'm hoping (yes, I occasionally show some optimism) that someone at Google is seeing the light and will start to back their new product wholeheartedly. If they can bring Google Voice back from the dead, then maybe with the leak of new about a possible web app for Allo, they're starting to listen to the market's wants. A geek can dream. kirko77 So you've given up on Hangouts that gives you EVERY possible way of communicating?... Any phone/tablet, desktop, voice calls, WiFi calls via GVoice, voicemail integration, etc. AND this includes SMS + IM. Sure, it may have some issues but Allo is simply useless to vast majority due to lack of BASIC must-have features. Allo is most likely going to end up like Google Spaces. Yep, it's discontinued LOL. Adam Margeson Hangouts is bloated. It is slow, it his memory, and, most importantly, my family and I have had consistent problems with not receiving messages consistently. I'm not saying Allo is perfect, but it has yet to give us this problems. Also, the video call quality in Hangouts is absolute crap compared to Duo and tends to drop video or the whole connection far sooner than Duo. I don't care about Hangouts' WiFi calling because I use Google Voice as my outgoing, and have wifi calling through T-Mobile. I only have one phone and no working tablet, and Google is working on getting the desktop client for Allo built and deployed. I never merged GV or SMS into Hangouts because I want control of where my messages are coming from when I send to other people. Google spaces was a stupid product from the beginning and should never have been released in the first place. Allo at least had a reason for existing. Hopefully they actually fix some of the glaring problems so that the rest of you will stop trying to jump on my back just because I do enjoy using it. kirko77 You are clearly a special case and it's easy to see why Allo interest dropped like a rock. So I'm not jumping on your back, just saying that you are an "outlier" so to speak. You say "bloated" only because you want to have a separate app for everything. This is not what vast majority want (again, reason for no interest in Allo). Most people need multi device support. I can't even imagine not being able to SMS/IM/Call/Check VM from my laptop or basically on ANY computer/device in the world. Never had a problem receiving/sending anything. Perhaps because I'm on ATT. And yes, video calling sucks on Hangouts. But this is the least used feature for me. In fact, I can probably count number of video calls I've ever made (on any app) using one hand. Adam Margeson You say "bloated" only because you want to have a separate app for everything. No, I say "bloated" because it hogs memory compared to other IM programs, though I haven't honestly checked its usage in a while. I still use it on desktop to initiate voice calls since that's the easiest way to do it. I never integrated GV with Hangouts because I knew the implementation would be terrible and based on what a lot of people are saying, I was right on that point, and I'm glad that Google is give GV some long overdue love. I don't know why the notifications have problems on friends', family and my devices, but we do. It might be related to Lollipop's and Marshmallow's doze being a bit aggressive, but I already tried disabling battery optimizations for it. :shrug: I'm hoping that Allo gets the web-client working so that the multi-device requirement can be satisfied. That would be nice. Daemeon Holmes I'm just about ready to abandon Google's messaging platforms. All of them. HSidhu atleast they are doing something :) Whatsapp already implemented Snapchat. TattoozNTech oh great. fleshing out one of its new messaging apps, out of the many it has, seemingly *STILL* unable to settle on/decide on just one. imagine if it did. think of all the possibilities of such a truly badass unified Google messaging platform. le sigh... Steven Santinelli Allo's sad, I tried to get my wife, and friends to use it, after about a day or two they delete the app. Sad... Marcelove "This will be a big step for Allo when it's released" Are you training jokes to present at Saturday Night Live? Jason lack of web version?? are you serious? hmmm, on the scale of things holding this failure back it would have to be 1.) forcing everyone you want to message download the dedicated app 2-9.) 10.) not having a web version. if you want to make allo "the Google chat app to rule them all" make it work no matter what messager your freinds are using and make it circumvent MMS data caps. kinda like iMessage already does. stop churning out sad attempt after sad attempt. messenger (android messages), hangouts, voice, and now allo (the only one of the bunch that doesnt work with any other service). find the source code for iMessage and copy it. it is literally the only thing apple does better. mxwp i know you are being jokey but they cannot copy imessage and Apple has the patent for that. (it's the real reason why they had to unmerge SMS in Hangouts awhile back) it's why no one else has SMS fallback or merging, just SMS option (Hangouts, FB Messenger, etc.) the best they can do is offer SMS as an option so you would have two threads for one contact... one for SMS and one for Allo (or whatever) just like it is currently on Hangouts. Jason see here is what i dont understand. you cant copy the imessage look and feel ok i get that. but why cant they copy the method of sending and receiving? that shouldnt be something thats patented. that would be like apple patenteing how a call is connected over a wireless network and then telling everyone else they had to figure out a different way to do it. obviously they are able to send large chucks of data through their messager and skirt carrier's MMS caps but as long as you arent copying the actual skin of the app couldnt you create an app that sends data the same way? i cant imageine the method being protected. because obviously the method of sending SMS, MMS, voice and data arent different between manufacturers. mxwp ¯_(ツ)_/¯ the patent, from what i've been told, is about the automatic fallback to SMS. so imessage sends an imessage message, but auto detects if the recipient does not have imessage and then uses sms. an app being able to get sms is not patented... this FB Messenger and Hangouts (currently) can also send and receive carrier SMS along with IM. also, how a call is connected over a network IS patented by motorola and all cell phone makers pay a nominal fee to use it. Jason well im not worried about the fallback but i think you just made me look at it differently. i wasnt looking at imessage as an app so to speak. i mean i know it's an app, but how i consider the dialer or stock messenger an "app." versus like instagram. but i guess imessage is really just an app that sends full res video and pictures but reverts to stock SMS or MMS when it's not detected on the other end. ncsurob The amount of contacts he has on his Allo list is impressive. I only have google assistant... sai kiran Why Google why.. Telegram works across all platforms.. Triumf Too little too late. Clawz114 Google would have literally been better off waiting all this time and releasing Allo when this was finished. Giving people a half finished app has wasted a good opportunity, and now many people won't ever know that Allo had a desktop mode added in, let alone give it another chance. Can't Google just hire one person who gives a fuck about making a unified messenging app, and let them do it. Hynek Los new google IO , new messaging app... common guys. do you realy expect google to listen what people wants... google got disease of large corporations... decisions makers are (quite often)not in position because their abilities, but because corporate politics... Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 216 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 6 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 724 1 Year Ago Today LG G5 Review: A Bit Of A Mess, Frankly 2016/03/31 1:41pm PDTMar 31, 2016 116 2 Years Ago Today WhatsApp Voice Calls Are Open To All In Version 2.12.19 — No Invites Needed 2015/03/31 12:45am PDTMar 31, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today [April Fools] HTC Reinvents The Nintendo Power Glove As HTC Gluuv, Makes The Same Basic Joke As Samsung 2014/03/31 8:41pm PDTMar 31, 2014 30 4 Years Ago Today Review: Jawbone UP + Android – A Baby Step Toward Truly Powerful Wearable Tech 2013/03/31 2:35pm PDTMar 31, 2013 28 5 Years Ago Today [Updated x2: Captivate, Vibrant Too] CyanogenMod 9 Nightly Builds Now Available On The Samsung Galaxy S i9000/i9000B, Captivate, And Vibrant 2012/03/31 4:02pm PDTMar 31, 2012 14 6 Years Ago Today Google's Android Market Copyright Infringement Form Wins The Troll Awards - Just Says 'crap' Upon Submission (Not An April Fool's Joke) 2011/03/31 11:28pm PDTMar 31, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Confirmed: HTC EVO 4G Will Run Froyo - The Next Version Of Android 2010/03/31 11:43pm PDTMar 31, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 49 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 67 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 106 queries | 0.448s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA Tennis WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology Smartphones Technology Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel: Which Android smartphone comes out on top? In the battle of high-end, high-spec Android phones, Samsung and Google share top billing - but which one deserves your cash?  Share  Comments ByJeff Parsons 16:49, 30 MAR 2017 Updated16:52, 30 MAR 2017 Technology (Photo: Reuters)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email The announcement of the Samsung Galaxy S8 ushered in the one of the biggest Android smartphones of 2017. If not the biggest. But gone are the days when it came down to whether you preferred Apple or Samsung. Now there are a range of decent Android alternatives out there, from the Huawei P10 Plus to the OnePlus 3T . Perhaps the biggest of all though is Google's own smartphone, the recently-released Google Pixel . Touting a completely holistic version of the smartphone OS and an award-winning camera, the Pixel poses the biggest threat to Samsung's Android dominance. With both devices coming in at over £600, it's time to measure them up against each other and see which one is most deserving of a place in your pocket. Design From the outset, this is a clear winner for the Samsung Galaxy S8 . The Galaxy S8 (Photo: Daily Mirror / Sophie Curtis) Read More Google Pixel 2 leak reveals that the company's next smartphone could be massive The South Korean phone is beautifully designed with its curving "Infinity screen" taking up almost the entire front of the phone. The result is a 5.8-inch screen on the front of a body that'll still fit in your hand. The rest of the S8 is a polished mix of glass and metal that makes it look every penny of the £689 asking price. By contrast, the Google Pixel is the blank slate of smartphone design. Curving aluminium with a front unblemished by logos or buttons. The only issue of note is the glass panel on the back of the phone. Something that cracks pretty easily if you drop it on a hard surface. Performance The S8 and Google Pixel are two phones on top of their game when it comes to performance. The Galaxy S8 boasts Samsung's own Exynos 9 chip, which the company claims offers 27% higher performance compared to its previous chip, while the Pixel has a Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor. The Google Pixel (Photo: REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach) Read More Samsung Galaxy S8 owners will be able to use their FACE to pay for things But, in truth, both of these phones are extremely powerful and capable of running a multitude of apps and games. Both devices boast 4GB of RAM, although there's a slight difference when it comes to storage space. The Pixel comes in choices of 32GB or 128GB but there's no option to expand that. The S8 meanwhile gives you 64GB and the option to upgrade via microSD. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextSamsung S8 is unveiled Watch this video again Watch Next Hands on with the new iPhone 7 Plus (RED) special0:29 Exclusive clip: Colin Salmon in the new Alien aud0:50 Weather blow: April showers will lead to hefty sh1:57 Man tries a labour simulator to see what his wife3:13 Police press conference: Five dead in missing hel0:43 This is Girlie Glue1:25 Police at scene in Stourbridge after stabbing whi0:15 This is a solid chocolate egg0:54 Dad fumes as son's hair dye prank turns hair blea1:14 Video will play in  Here are the new features on the Samsung Galaxy S8 Share this video Watch Next Camera We've yet to truly test the camera on the Galaxy S8, but on paper the specs are solid. The Galaxy S8 features a 12-Megapixel "Dual Pixel" camera on the back, for improved low-light, zoom and anti-blur photos, and an 8-Megapixel selfie camera with smart autofocus on the front. The Galaxy S8 (Photo: Daily Mirror / Sophie Curtis) Read More Google Pixel 2 CONFIRMED by smartphone boss - and it's coming later this year The Pixel has a 12.3-megapixel camera, featuring an f/2.0 aperture and big 1.55 micron pixels to capture lots of light. While those specs may not sound all that impressive on paper, the Pixel's camera has been given a score of 89 by DxOMark - the industry standard for camera and lens image quality - making it the highest-rated smartphone camera ever tested. The camera app offers a number of clever features like "Smartburst", which takes a rapid-fire sequence of shots and automatically selects the best ones, and "Lens Blur" to achieve shallow depth of field and bokeh effects. Battery life Samsung offers a 3,000mAh battery with the S8 while Google has a 2,770mAh battery inside the Pixel. But, Samsung has a bigger, brighter display that requires powering. We haven't seen how long the S8 lasts in real life yet, but our estimates are that you'll get a nearly a day and a half from regular usage. The Google Pixel (Photo: Getty Images) Read More Best tech gadgets 2016: Most innovative technology of the year from Amazon Echo to Playstation VR If you want to go for the larger models, then the S8 Plus has a 3,500mAh battery while the Pixel XL offers 3,450mAh. We comfortably managed a day and a half with the Pixel XL, although that obviously nose-dives if you're a power user. Price There's not much to split the two here. Prices for the S8 start at £689 and rises to £779 if you opt for the Galaxy S8+. The Galaxy S8 (Photo: Daily Mirror / Sophie Curtis) Read More Google Home hands-on review: First impressions of Google's new smart speaker Meanwhile, the Pixel will set you back £600 while the Pixel XL costs £719. So, if you want to save a bit of money, we'd recommend going with the Pixel. Which phone should I choose? If you're looking for the Swiss Army Knife of phones and don't mind spending the money, it'll be the S8. On the evidence we've seen so far, it's certainly the Android phone to beat. But the bigger question is how often are you really going to use all the features like Bixby, DeX and the Iris Scanner? The Google Pixel Read More Android O: Google claims next version of Android will make your smartphone's battery last longer The Pixel in turn offers a cheaper, simpler version of Google's excellent Android system. It focuses on the important stuff - like camera and battery life - rather than being stuffed to the gills with features. We can't say for certain until we've subjected the S8 to a full review - but it will certainly have to go a long way to beat Google's impressive smartphone debut. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Samsung Inc. Google Android Pixel Samsung Galaxy S8 Smartphones Technology all Most Read Most Recent Premier LeaguePremier League steps up Kodi crackdown with 'largest ever' campaign to stop illegal streaming The Premier League wants to protect its investment before bidding starts on next season's broadcasting rights Samsung Galaxy S8Samsung Galaxy S8: UK release date, price, specs and features of Samsung's new flagship smartphone Samsung has taken the wrapping off its shiny new Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years iOS 10Hidden feature in Apple iOS 10.3 update will free up extra space on your iPhone Apple has quietly introduced a new feature which could make using a 16GB or 32GB iPhone much more bearable iOSApple iOS 10.3 released: Here are the new features coming to YOUR iPhone You'll now be able to track down lost headphones and find out the cricket score SpaceXWatch as SpaceX launch recycled rocket for the first time in 'historic' private space mission Elon Musk's company successfully launched their rocks in a step towards making space travel more affordable TwitterTwitter makes ANOTHER big change to its 140 character limit The social network is giving users even more space to type SpaceXSpaceX to launch recycled rocket for the first time in 'historic' private space mission TONIGHT Elon Musk's company is hoping to make space travel more affordable by reusing old rockets Premier LeaguePremier League steps up Kodi crackdown with 'largest ever' campaign to stop illegal streaming The Premier League wants to protect its investment before bidding starts on next season's broadcasting rights Samsung Galaxy S8Where to pre-order the Samsung Galaxy S8 - the cheapest deals from networks including EE, O2 and Three Wallet-friendly deals on the big phone of the moment: Samsung's Galaxy S8 Most Read Most Recent Sharks"Don't go into the flood water": Huge man-eating shark found on road as Australia is battered by Cyclone Debbie Emergency workers were left stunned when they found the dead bull shark in a puddle as they carried out inspections following Cyclone Debbie Only Fools and HorsesNo more Only Fools and Horses as stars reveal they'll never work together again The comedy was the nation’s favourite, with millions tuning in every week to see if Del Boy and Rodney Trotter would ever become millionaires Mel BMel B 'livid' with Victoria Beckham over James Corden Carpool Karaoke appearance The singer-turned-fashion designer - who snubbed the reunion tour - will be appearing alongside Corden in an upcoming sketch CrimeMonster 'raped girlfriend's 4-year-old boy to death then got mum to help him hide from cops' Keith Jordan Lambing, 20, is accused of causing the horrific death of Bentley Miller Rita OraRita Ora frolics in a bikini and poses as much as humanly possible on holiday in the Maldives The singer documented her break on the islands on Snapchat and Instagram in a stripy bikini BrexitAngry grandmother tirade at Remain campaigners "the EU has ruined this country" in blistering pro-Brexit row in street Mary Ganning, 70, told the protesters that Britain was "better" before it joined the EU and shouted at a pair of men who challenged her to "go back to school" for a history lesson Premier LeagueTransfer news LIVE: Manchester United, Arsenal, Liverpool and Chelsea latest ahead of the summer window We are only two months away and the rumours are beginning to swirl, stay with us to keep on top of all the gossip Ant & DecHolly Willoughby's rock 'n' roll pic of Ant & Dec on a night out with Phillip Schofield has confused fans Holly and Phil joined Ant & Dec for a fun night out on Thursday The MastersWhen is The Masters 2017? TV schedule, odds and the top contenders for the green jacket at Augusta National Can Danny Willett do it again? Is it Rory McIlroy's time for another major? All you need to know about the big tournament WrestlemaniaWhen is Wrestlemania 33? UK TV times, title matches, full card, predictions and more ahead of WWE showcase Goldberg is raring to defend the WWE Universal Title against Brock Lesnar in the main event Top Stories UK NewsWoman sees her own car parked in disabled spot - two hours after leaving it at Kwik-Fit garage for an MOT A Kwik-Fit worker claimed he was taking the car on a "road test" when he emerged from a nearby bank BrexitAngry grandmother tirade at Remain campaigners "the EU has ruined this country" in blistering pro-Brexit row in street Mary Ganning, 70, told the protesters that Britain was "better" before it joined the EU and shouted at a pair of men who challenged her to "go back to school" for a history lesson RapeRich student cleared of rape 'penetrated underage girl but wasn't seeking sexual satisfaction' A judge ruled that although Diego Cruz, 21, penetrated the girl against her will he had not intended to "copulate" Energy billsWorst and best energy firms for complaints - where does your providers rank? An Ofcom report has named and shamed the small energy firm as top of the list for customer grievances - followed by E.On PregnancyMum in wheelchair's life-changing invention to help other pregnant women Ruth Roberts felt like she was being 'stabbed repeatedly' during her fourth pregnancy - now her invention could be rolled out on the NHS Peaches GeldofThomas Cohen reveals his first thought when he discovered Peaches Geldof's body Peaches' widower reveals that his sons have helped him regain routine as they rebuild family life Court casePervert at the Palace: Carer awarded MBE by Prince Charles faces jail for catalogue of sex crimes Paedophile Trevor Francis was recognised for working as station master in his home town for 20 years while the abuse went undetected TribunalsChristian nurse sacked by NHS 'told bowel cancer patient he had better chance of survival if he prayed to God' Sarah Kuteh claims she was unfairly dismissed after being fired for gross misconduct following complaints of her religious “fervour” FireMotorist films inferno engulfing Atlanta highway as huge blaze causes part of interstate to collapse The intense fire raged beneath the bridge, briefly causing a fireball before the structure fell in on itself on Interstate 85 CrimeBoy borrows family friend's laptop 'and discovers child abuse images of his own 10-year-old sister' The incident allegedly occurred when the girl’s brother was trying to fix his own hard drive but asked to borrow Joe Garza Jr’s computer Missing personsHorrific moment huge wave sweeps man into sea in tragedy which leaves two dead and one missing The victims are believed to be a 72-year-old holidaymaker and a 35-year-old man who may have tried to save her CrimeDog owner racially abused nurse thinking she was 'Asian' - she was wearing fake tan Christopher Galloway, 58, has been found guilty of kicking other dogs and attacking their owners Premier LeaguePremier League steps up Kodi crackdown with 'largest ever' campaign to stop illegal streaming The Premier League wants to protect its investment before bidding starts on next season's broadcasting rights Samsung Galaxy S8Samsung Galaxy S8: UK release date, price, specs and features of Samsung's new flagship smartphone Samsung has taken the wrapping off its shiny new Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones iOS 10Hidden feature in Apple iOS 10.3 update will free up extra space on your iPhone Apple has quietly introduced a new feature which could make using a 16GB or 32GB iPhone much more bearable iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years iOSApple iOS 10.3 released: Here are the new features coming to YOUR iPhone You'll now be able to track down lost headphones and find out the cricket score Samsung Galaxy S8Samsung Galaxy S8 launch RECAP: Follow the 'Unpacked 2017' event as the iPhone rival is officially unveiled After months of hype the Samsung Galaxy S8 is finally set to be revealed at a special event in New York Samsung Galaxy S8Where to pre-order the Samsung Galaxy S8 - the cheapest deals from networks including EE, O2 and Three Wallet-friendly deals on the big phone of the moment: Samsung's Galaxy S8 SmartphonesSamsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel: Which Android smartphone comes out on top? In the battle of high-end, high-spec Android phones, Samsung and Google share top billing - but which one deserves your cash? HuaweiHuawei P10: Release date, price, specs and features of the premium Chinese smartphone With a focus on camera skills and craftsmanship, this could be the surprise smartphone hit of 2017 CopyrightKodi warning issued for people who are using the boxes to stream shows illegally The emergence of Kodi or certainly those who use it illegally is now seemingly the top priority for rightsholders SchoolsBoy's genius invention while at school has already netted him a million pound investment Budding tycoon Yasser Khattak has created a household plug socket and light switch where the on-off button is flicked remotely using a smartphone Samsung Galaxy S8Samsung Galaxy S8: Price, UK release date, screen, specs and all the news on the imminent launch The new Samsung Galaxy S8 is set to be revealed on March 29, but we already know a lot about it PornographyWomen watch porn on their mobile phones more often than men, study claims Nearly 80% of female traffic to porn sites comes from mobile devices SonySony Xperia XZ Premium: Release date, price and specs of Sony's new flagship smartphone Sony's latest device has a 4K HDR display an advanced camera technology capable of recording an incredible 960fps PornographyGamers are using this crafty technique to watch virtual reality PORN on the PlayStation 4 The PlayStation VR headset is one of the most affordable ways to access virtual reality content at home CopyrightIs Kodi legal in the UK? How authorities are cracking down on 'plug and play' piracy Thousands of Brits are buying "fully loaded" Kodi boxes to watch sports, TV and films without a subscription SnapChatThis simple trick will let you screenshot a Snapchat message without notifying the sender If you want to screenshot a Snapchat message without the sender knowing, all you need is this simple trick WhatsAppSimple WhatsApp trick will change the font in your messages - here's how to do it There's an easy way to make your WhatsApp messages look different - thanks to a quiet update from the Facebook-owned app Nintendo SwitchDangerous Nintendo Switch 'emulator' SCAM dupes gamers with promise of Switch titles on a PC Scammers have been targeting gamers with fake emulator software for Nintendo's new console Mobile World CongressNokia 3310 reboot: Release date, price, specs and features of HMD Global's new retro phone HMD Global has launched its revamped Nokia 3310 at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Tablet News / Google Calendar finally has an iPad app Google Calendar finally has an iPad app by Catherine Hood 15 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Why Google has waited this long to release an iPad-ready Google Calendar app is one the greatest mysteries of the 21st-century. But no matter, because the search giant has finally come up trumps. Available to download now from the app store, the newly launched Google Calendar app optimised for the iPad brings with it the familiar line-up of features that Android and iPhone users have been enjoying for aeons. To-do lists with reminders to complete tasks, personal goal setting and quick event creation are counted in the app’s smart time-management perks. For business users, the ability to schedule meetings and book rooms based on an entire team’s availability is particularly handy. iPad users also get to see more Calendar details at a time, and the event creation screen has been slimmed down to a discreet pop-up that won’t cover the screen. You can choose a background illustration to frame the dialogue windows, too, which is a nice touch. If you’re too lazy to open up the app, a simple searching using Spotlight on your iPad home screen should take you to the Calendar event you’re looking for. That’s all topped off nicely with a clean, attractive interface – all the prettier for being blown up on that crisp retina display. Google says it’s still working on a few more features for the iPad app, which will include a Today View widget. Related: iPhone 8 release date, specs, rumours and price What features would you like to see in the the Google Calendar iPad app? Let us know in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Logitech Harmony and the Google Assistant Let You Control Your Living Room With Your Voice LAUSANNE, Switzerland & NEWARK, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Today Logitech (SIX:LOGN) (NASDAQ:LOGI) announced Logitech Harmony hub-based products now work with the Google Assistant on Google Home, expanding the possibilities of in-home voice control. Now, you can control your home entertainment experience using Harmony Elite, Harmony Companion, and Harmony Hub, all with the power of your voice. “Voice has a powerful role in simplifying the connected home experience and people absolutely love it,” said Renee Niemi, vice president and general manager of Logitech Smart Home. “Controlling entertainment is an important activity within the smart home and Logitech Harmony has been focused on optimizing the ways people can enjoy this. By working with Google, we are now able to make home entertainment even more seamless and fun.” Starting today, you can start Actions on Google with any Harmony hub-based product and a Google Home by simply saying “Ok Google, ask Harmony to turn on my TV.” For example, you can turn on your TV to your favorite channel, set the lights, or control up to 270,000 other devices supported by the Logitech Harmony platform. Here are some of the ways you can control your TV experience using Logitech Harmony and the Google Assistant: “Ok Google, ask Harmony to…” “…turn on Hulu or HBO GO.”—Popular apps installed on your Roku player can be launched with your voice “…turn on ESPN, ABC News or the Discovery Channel.”—Any of your favorite channels set up in a Harmony account can be triggered using your voice “…turn on my ‘Good Morning’ activity.”—When you set up an activity such as “Good Morning” in your Harmony account, you can set Philips Hue lights to warm colors, turn on a Nest thermostat and play music from your compatible living room speakers, all by using your voice “…turn up the volume.”—Using your voice, you can turn up or down volume and specify a value between one to 20 “…skip forward or skip back.” —Google Assistant and Logitech Harmony allow you to skip forward or skip back on your content To learn more how you can activate Logitech Harmony and Google Home to control your living room experience with your voice, visit myharmony.com/google-assistant. Availability Logitech Harmony Elite ($349.99), Logitech Harmony Companion ($149.99) and Logitech Harmony Hub ($99.99) are all available now at Logitech.com, Best Buy and Amazon. About Logitech Logitech designs products that have an everyday place in people’s lives, connecting them to the digital experiences they care about. Over 30 years ago, Logitech started connecting people through computers, and now it’s designing products that bring people together through music, gaming, video and computing. Founded in 1981, Logitech International is a Swiss public company listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (LOGN) and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (LOGI). Find Logitech at www.logitech.com, the company blog or @Logitech. 2017 Logitech, Logicool, Logi and other Logitech marks are owned by Logitech and may be registered. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. For more information about Logitech and its products, visit the company’s website at www.logitech.com. (LOGIIR) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious PTC Accelerates Industrie 4.0 Strategy Next PostNext Cidara Therapeutics Awarded $6.9 Million Grant from CARB-X to Advance Development of its First CloudbreakTM Antibiotic Immunotherapy Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Logitech Harmony and the Google Assistant Let You Control Your Living Room With Your Voice LAUSANNE, Switzerland & NEWARK, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Today Logitech (SIX:LOGN) (NASDAQ:LOGI) announced Logitech Harmony hub-based products now work with the Google Assistant on Google Home, expanding the possibilities of in-home voice control. Now, you can control your home entertainment experience using Harmony Elite, Harmony Companion, and Harmony Hub, all with the power of your voice. “Voice has a powerful role in simplifying the connected home experience and people absolutely love it,” said Renee Niemi, vice president and general manager of Logitech Smart Home. “Controlling entertainment is an important activity within the smart home and Logitech Harmony has been focused on optimizing the ways people can enjoy this. By working with Google, we are now able to make home entertainment even more seamless and fun.” Starting today, you can start Actions on Google with any Harmony hub-based product and a Google Home by simply saying “Ok Google, ask Harmony to turn on my TV.” For example, you can turn on your TV to your favorite channel, set the lights, or control up to 270,000 other devices supported by the Logitech Harmony platform. Here are some of the ways you can control your TV experience using Logitech Harmony and the Google Assistant: “Ok Google, ask Harmony to…” “…turn on Hulu or HBO GO.”—Popular apps installed on your Roku player can be launched with your voice “…turn on ESPN, ABC News or the Discovery Channel.”—Any of your favorite channels set up in a Harmony account can be triggered using your voice “…turn on my ‘Good Morning’ activity.”—When you set up an activity such as “Good Morning” in your Harmony account, you can set Philips Hue lights to warm colors, turn on a Nest thermostat and play music from your compatible living room speakers, all by using your voice “…turn up the volume.”—Using your voice, you can turn up or down volume and specify a value between one to 20 “…skip forward or skip back.” —Google Assistant and Logitech Harmony allow you to skip forward or skip back on your content To learn more how you can activate Logitech Harmony and Google Home to control your living room experience with your voice, visit myharmony.com/google-assistant. Availability Logitech Harmony Elite ($349.99), Logitech Harmony Companion ($149.99) and Logitech Harmony Hub ($99.99) are all available now at Logitech.com, Best Buy and Amazon. About Logitech Logitech designs products that have an everyday place in people’s lives, connecting them to the digital experiences they care about. Over 30 years ago, Logitech started connecting people through computers, and now it’s designing products that bring people together through music, gaming, video and computing. Founded in 1981, Logitech International is a Swiss public company listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (LOGN) and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (LOGI). Find Logitech at www.logitech.com, the company blog or @Logitech. 2017 Logitech, Logicool, Logi and other Logitech marks are owned by Logitech and may be registered. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. For more information about Logitech and its products, visit the company’s website at www.logitech.com. (LOGIIR) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious PTC Accelerates Industrie 4.0 Strategy Next PostNext Cidara Therapeutics Awarded $6.9 Million Grant from CARB-X to Advance Development of its First CloudbreakTM Antibiotic Immunotherapy Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish You Can Now Book Fitness Classes Via Google By Adnan Farooqui on 03/30/2017 09:01 PDT Are you looking to get into shape for the summer? Google has your back. The company today announced that users in the United States can now book and pay for fitness classes throughout the United States via Google Maps, Google Search, and the Reserve with Google website. The feature is meant to take the pain out of doing all of this through different websites. Those who are interested in taking advantage of this feature can now head over to the Reserve with Google website on desktop or mobile. There, they can search for fitness studios near them and use filters to find precisely what they’re looking for. The website is also going to provide recommendations about new classes. They can then book a spot in the session. If there are intro offers available they will be shown at checkout, so it will be easier to buy class packages and memberships as well. The same can also be done using Google Maps and Search. Just search for the studio and like on Reserve with Google to find out the class schedule, book, and pay. Google is working with top scheduling providers like MINDBODY, MyTime, Genbook, Full Slate, Front Desk, and Appointy to bring real-time class inventory in the United States. Filed in Web. Read more about Google. Source: blog.google Related Articles 2017-03-30 Google Publishes Official Android O Walkthrough Video 2017-03-30 HTC Reportedly Trying To Land Contract To Build The Pixel 3 2017-03-29 Android Could Beat iOS In App Store Revenue This Year 2017-03-29 Official Google Calendar iPad App Finally Arrives 2017-03-29 Android Wear 2.0 Released For Tag Heuer, Fossil, And Casio Smartwatches PewDiePie, YouTube's Biggest Star, Is In Trouble Stop Microsoft From Taking Away Your 15GB OneDrive Free Storage This Is How Much Google Paid The Guy Who Owned Google.com Study Finds You Can’t Count On Most Of Your Facebook Friends User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks Windows10CreatorsUpdate SamsungDeX GalaxyS8 FCCPrivacyData Menu Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Security/ Parental Control & Monitoring/ Google Family Link (for Android) Google Family Link (for Android) editor rating: good Comments March 30, 2017 REVIEW Comments SPECS COMPARE View Gallery View All 10 Photos in Gallery MSRP $0.00 Pros Parental control works through child's Google Account. Filters mature content, manages screen time and apps. Parents can view child's location. Free. Cons Strictly Android for parent and child. Works only with newly created Google accounts. No call/text control. No geofencing or other advanced features. Bottom Line Google Family Link (for Android) puts parents in control of the Google accounts of their children who are under 13. It's effective and free, but it's very light on features. By Neil J. Rubenking Typically a parental control utility has to wrangle with the operating system to control and monitor your child's activity. Google Family Link (for Android) takes a different approach—it works almost entirely within the child's Google account. That fact empowers this free service, but also considerably limits what it can do. You'll definitely get more with a commercial Android parental control tool. //Compare Similar Products Compare Norton Family Parental Control (for Android)   %displayPrice%%seller% ESET Parental Control (for Android)   %displayPrice%%seller% Kaspersky Safe Kids (for Android)   %displayPrice%%seller% Net Nanny (for Android)   %displayPrice%%seller% Qustodio Parental Control (for Android)   %displayPrice%%seller% Familoop Safeguard (for Android)   %displayPrice%%seller% FamilyTime Premium (for Android)   %displayPrice%%seller% Mobicip (for Android)   %displayPrice%%seller% Xnspy (for Android)   %displayPrice%%seller% If you're not an all-Android family, this service isn't for you. If you tend to give your kids hand-me-down old phones, you may also run into a problem. The parental app just requires a device running Android 4.4 KitKat or higher. However, the child's device must be running Android 7.0 Nougat or higher, or using one of a very few specific devices running Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Less than three percent of Android phones currently run Nougat, and it seems likely that children in the tween-and-under category are underrepresented in that already small group. Google Family Link is free, but at present you must request an invitation. I received my invitation in just a couple of days, which seemed fine. You can add multiple children to your parental account, but it does require that each child use exactly one device. In addition, this service is strictly and only for children under 13 (the age limit differs in a few countries). A child who's turned 13 can unilaterally opt out of Family Link. Device Setup To start, grab your Android phone or tablet and download the Google Family Link app. After that, just follow the pages and pages of prompts. For testing purposes, I installed Family Link on a Nexus 9 running Android 5.0 Lollipop. The first step is to create a family group, with yourself as the manager. Later, you can add your partner as a co-manager, if you wish. Once you've set this up, app and music sharing through Google Play Family Library also become available. Next, you create your child's Google account. You can't connect an existing account, but that's not the limitation it seems. After all, those under 13 can't legitimately create an account, except through a parent-involved process like Google Family Link. As part of the process, Google charges your credit card 30 cents, to prove that you're an adult and give you an audit trail. Since you likely have a card associated with your account for Play store purchases, this is relatively painless. You supply the child's full name, choose a username, and assign a password. Remember, this is likely to be your child's Google account for a long time, so picking a username like cutesy.wootsy@gmail.com is a bad idea. You can also read tons of information about privacy and such. For example, Google can't serve up personalized ads to kids, because tracking their activity is verboten. However, the kids still see ads. It also spells out the fact that when the kid hits 13, you're no longer in charge. Once you've created that child account, the parental app advises placing the child's device next to your own. Now you initialize that device and sign in with the child's credentials, and with your own credentials as well. At this point, the Family Link app installs, and walks you through a couple more startup steps. You review the device's preinstalled apps and block any of them you want to. You also have the chance to fine-tune configuration settings such as whether to use the location service. When you're done, you'll see the all-clear screen on both devices. Configuring Google Family Link Because you control the child's Google account, you have total control over what apps can be installed on the device. You can require that the child get permission for every app installation, or limit the requirement to paid apps, or those that have in-app purchases. When the child tries to install a new app, Family Link points out the need for a parent's permission. The child can tap to send a request via Family Link, or simply hand the device to a nearby parent for permissions. You can also restrict what content your child even sees in the Play store, setting a maximum age rating for apps, movies, and TV. By default, Family Link also restricts sexually explicit books and music. The content filter doesn't promise a lot. When enabled, it says it will "Try to block mature sites." Its description notes that no filter is perfect. Likewise, the SafeSearch setting warns that your child still might turn up some unwanted results. Content filtering only works in Chrome, so if your child tries to install a different browser, deny the request. One big worry for parents is that kids spend too much time on their devices. With Family Link, parents can set a daily maximum for each day of the week, in half-hour increments. When the allotted time is up, the device locks for all purposes except telephone communication. Parents can also set a device-unavailable bedtime period, and can instantly lock the device with a tap if necessary. Parental Monitoring When you launch Family Link, you see a list of the kids in the family; tap one for an overview. If you've enabled location tracking (and you should), you'll see the child's location on a map at the top. There's no option for geofencing notifications like you get with Kaspersky Safe Kids (for Android) and a few others. Just below that is a list of recent app and device activity, but it isn't enabled by default. Once you've turned it on, you see a summary of the current week's activity, with an option to expand that to the last 30 days. Do note that Family Link doesn't log website activity or search activity. Next is a panel for time scheduling. You can see the child's bedtime and screen time limit for the day here. This is also the place to lock the child's phone with a tap, if things get out of hand. Recently added apps appear in the next panel. You can tap to view all installed and blocked apps, and optionally change an app's status. Finally you can configure a few essential settings remotely, among them changing the screen lock password. Family Link's Parental Control in Action To see Family Link in action, I set up a new Google Pixel running Nougat as my imaginary child's device. Going through all the steps I described above took a while, but I was never at a loss for what to do next. I tried installing a few apps and asked for parental permission both by sending a message and by direct intervention. Simple! When the allotted screen time ran out, I observed that the phone displayed the simple message, "Take a break," along with an indication of when screen time would again be available. Tapping the lock icon in the parental app brought up this screen immediately. I couldn't come up with any inappropriate websites that Family Link didn't block, not directly. But with a little experimentation I found a secure anonymizing proxy site that got past the content filter. With access to a secure anonymizing proxy, I could surf the web completely free of content filtering. Think only teenagers know such tricks? Think again. Norton, ESET Parental Control (for Android), and Kaspersky, among others, filter HTTPS sites by category, so this trick wouldn't work on them. I tried to install the YouTube app, but was told that only YouTube Kids was available to me, which makes sense. However, by searching the web for videos and trailers, I managed to find some violent and sexual videos. But then, Google did point out that its filtering isn't perfect. What's Not Here? Norton Family Parental Control (for Android), Kaspersky Safe Kids, and ESET Parental Control all offer an Android app that runs in parental or child mode, depending on how you log in. But they also offer full control through a Web-based console, something you don't get with Family Link. Those same three, along with Net Nanny (for Android) and Qustodio, also let parents apply a child's configuration settings across multiple devices and platforms. With Family Link, you control precisely one device for each child. Qustodio Parental Control (for Android) and Norton give parents full control over the child's phone calls and texts. Parents can view and monitor calls and texts, and block specific phone numbers or contacts. Net Nanny and Mobicip (for Android) can only filter web content using a proprietary browser. Family Link at least filters Chrome. Most competing products work below the browser level, so it doesn't matter which browser the child uses. In an effort to stand out, many Android parental control products offer helpful and unusual features. If your child gets into a jam, a tap on Qustodio's panic button silently sends a help request, with location, to a set of trusted contacts. The unusual Xnspy (for Android) lets worried parents listen in on ambient sounds. Kids can use FamilyTime Premium (for Android) to send a "please pick me up" request to parents. Family Link sticks with the basics. However, here's one really important thing you don't get with Family Link—a price tag! It's the only Android parental control system we've reviewed that's completely free, apart from the 30 cents it charges you for verification. Its feature set is very basic, but you don't have to pay for it. Free but Limited Google Family Link aims at a very specific demographic—all-Android families with kids under 13 who use precisely one mobile device. If that describes you, go ahead and try it. It will let your kids enjoy the convenience of a Google account without letting them go wild. If your family uses a mix of platforms, if your kids are 13 or older, or if your kids have more than one device apiece, this isn't the solution for you. And if you want a full range of parental control features, as noted, you won't get that from Google Family Link. Norton Family Parental Control (for Android) is our Editors' Choice for Android parental control. Norton also supports Windows and, in a limited fashion, iOS. For those whose kids only or mostly use iOS devices, Kaspersky Safe Kids (for iPhone) is our Editors' Choice, and a Safe Kids subscription covers Windows, macOS, Android, and iOS devices. Neither is free, but both offer much more than Family Link. Back to top PCMag may earn affiliate commissions from the shopping links included on this page. These commissions do not affect how we test, rate or review products. To find out more, read our complete terms of use. Other Google Parental Control & Monitoring Google G Suite   %displayPrice%%seller% Google Wallet   %displayPrice%%seller% Google Docs, Sheets, and Slides   %displayPrice%%seller% Google Chrome   %displayPrice%%seller% Previous : Roqos Core By Neil J. Rubenking Lead Analyst for Security Twitter Email Neil Rubenking served as vice president and president of the San Francisco PC User Group for three years when the IBM PC was brand new. He was present at the formation of the Association of Shareware Professionals, and served on its board of directors. In 1986, PC Magazine brought Neil on board to handle the torrent of Turbo Pascal tips submitted by readers. By 1990, he had become PC Magazine's technical editor, and a coast-to-coast telecommuter. His "User to User" column supplied readers with tips... More » More Stories by Neil J. Panda Protection Complete A subscription to Panda Protection Complete lets you install security on all of your Windows and And... More » Avira Software Updater Pro Avira Software Updater Pro automatically keeps your operating system and popular applications up to ... More » Panda Protection Advanced Panda Protection Advanced offers unlimited installations on your Windows and Android devices. It's b... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles The Best Amazon Alexa Skills Everything Leaving Netflix in April New iPad vs. iPad Pro 9.7-Inch: Apple Tablet Showdown Two-Factor Authentication: Who Has It and How to Set It Up The Coolest Cases, Mounts, and Stands for Amazon Echo 23 Cool Tricks and Secret Gems Inside Facebook Messenger »See More //Related Reviews McAfee AntiVirus Plus (2017) Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Bitdefender Antivirus Plus 2017 Symantec Norton AntiVirus Basic The Best Antivirus Protection of 2017 //Discover... Meet the Robots Who Are Scarily Close to Being Human 22 Things You Didn't Know Your Chromecast Could Do 13 Secret Codes That Unlock Hidden Features on Your Phone »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Logitech Harmony and the Google Assistant Let You Control Your Living Room With Your Voice Control Your TV Entertainment Experience in More Ways Logitech Harmony hub-based products now work with Google Assistant on Google Home. Use the power of your voice to control home entertainment. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Logitech Harmony hub-based products now work with Google Assistant on Google Home. Use the power of your voice to control home entertainment. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 30, 2017 12:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time LAUSANNE, Switzerland & NEWARK, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Today Logitech (SIX:LOGN) (NASDAQ:LOGI) announced Logitech Harmony hub-based products now work with the Google Assistant on Google Home, expanding the possibilities of in-home voice control. Now, you can control your home entertainment experience using Harmony Elite, Harmony Companion, and Harmony Hub, all with the power of your voice. “Voice has a powerful role in simplifying the connected home experience and people absolutely love it,” said Renee Niemi, vice president and general manager of Logitech Smart Home. “Controlling entertainment is an important activity within the smart home and Logitech Harmony has been focused on optimizing the ways people can enjoy this. By working with Google, we are now able to make home entertainment even more seamless and fun.” Starting today, you can start Actions on Google with any Harmony hub-based product and a Google Home by simply saying “Ok Google, ask Harmony to turn on my TV.” For example, you can turn on your TV to your favorite channel, set the lights, or control up to 270,000 other devices supported by the Logitech Harmony platform. Here are some of the ways you can control your TV experience using Logitech Harmony and the Google Assistant: “Ok Google, ask Harmony to…” “...turn on Hulu or HBO GO.”—Popular apps installed on your Roku player can be launched with your voice “...turn on ESPN, ABC News or the Discovery Channel.”—Any of your favorite channels set up in a Harmony account can be triggered using your voice “...turn on my ‘Good Morning’ activity.”—When you set up an activity such as “Good Morning” in your Harmony account, you can set Philips Hue lights to warm colors, turn on a Nest thermostat and play music from your compatible living room speakers, all by using your voice “...turn up the volume.”—Using your voice, you can turn up or down volume and specify a value between one to 20 “...skip forward or skip back.” —Google Assistant and Logitech Harmony allow you to skip forward or skip back on your content To learn more how you can activate Logitech Harmony and Google Home to control your living room experience with your voice, visit myharmony.com/google-assistant. Availability Logitech Harmony Elite ($349.99), Logitech Harmony Companion ($149.99) and Logitech Harmony Hub ($99.99) are all available now at Logitech.com, Best Buy and Amazon. About Logitech Logitech designs products that have an everyday place in people's lives, connecting them to the digital experiences they care about. Over 30 years ago, Logitech started connecting people through computers, and now it’s designing products that bring people together through music, gaming, video and computing. Founded in 1981, Logitech International is a Swiss public company listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (LOGN) and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (LOGI). Find Logitech at www.logitech.com, the company blog or @Logitech. 2017 Logitech, Logicool, Logi and other Logitech marks are owned by Logitech and may be registered. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. For more information about Logitech and its products, visit the company’s website at www.logitech.com. (LOGIIR) Contacts Logitech Christina Gregor cgregor@logitech.com #Hashtags #GoogleAssistant #HarmonyElite Contacts Logitech Christina Gregor cgregor@logitech.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Windows IT Pro Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS IT/Dev Connections Forums Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Windows Windows 10 Windows Server 2016 Windows Server 2012 Windows Server 2008 Windows Server 2003 Windows 8 Windows 7 Windows Vista Windows XP Exchange Server Exchange Server 2013 Exchange Server 2010 Exchange Server 2007 Exchange Server 2003 Outlook Unified Communications/Lync SharePoint Virtualization Cloud Systems Management System Center PowerShell & Scripting Active Directory & Group Policy Mobile Networking Storage Training Online Training IT/Dev Connections Webcasts VIP Library Digital Magazine Archives InfoCenters IT Innovators Mobile Computing Business Now Desktop VDI All About Converged Architecture Advertisement Home > Development > Google Opens Up on Open Source Where experts and professionals share insights and inspirations to grow business and build careers Google Opens Up on Open Source Mar 30, 2017 by Christine Hall 46 Articles EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Google's new website might well become "Open Source 101" for DevOps considering moving into open source. Related Media Google Bolstering Enterprise Features for Drive, G Suite and More EMC's Joshua Bernstein on When to Deploy Open Source Open Source Enterprise Trends for 2017 Advertisement Any company considering releasing some of its code under open source licenses might want to take a gander at Google's new website, Google Open Source. Launched on Tuesday, the site presents all of the company's open source projects under one roof. It's not a repository, for source code and the like you'll still have to go to GitHub or the company's own Git service, but more of a catalog of Google's open source projects, with each listing including information such as how the company uses the software, its license and so on. Google is no newcomer to open source. In its early days it built its infrastructure on the back of freely available software, like Linux, and has been a major contributor to the open source canon ever since. Kubernetes would be an example of a project it started and then "donated" to the open source community. "One of the tenets of our philosophy towards releasing open source code is that 'more is better,'" Will Norris, a software engineer at Google's open source programs office, explained in a blog post announcing the new website. "We don't know which projects will find an audience, so we help teams release code whenever possible. As a result, we have released thousands of projects under open source licenses ranging from larger products like TensorFlow, Go, and Kubernetes to smaller projects such as Light My Piano, Neuroglancer and Periph.io. Some are fully supported while others are experimental or just for fun. With so many projects spread across 100 GitHub organizations and our self-hosted Git service, it can be difficult to see the scope and scale of our open source footprint." He wasn't exaggerating. Google's new website lists "2,000 projects and counting." While having a complete list of Google's open source projects readily available will certainly be useful, that's not Google Open Source's icing on the cake. In my opinion, that would be the included documentation of the open source process at Google, which should prove to be invaluable, especially to those trying to figure out how to make open source work for them. "Participating in open source projects and communities as a large corporation comes with its own unique set of challenges," Norris said. "In 2014, we helped form the TODO Group, which provides a forum to collaborate and share best practices among companies that are deeply committed to open source. Inspired by many discussions we've had over the years, today we are publishing our internal documentation for how we do open source at Google." These documents not only explain how Google does things like release new software or manage source code, but also delves into the company's reasoning process for choosing software licenses and the like. "Our policies and procedures are informed by many years of experience and lessons we've learned along the way," he said. "We know that our particular approach to open source might not be right for everyone -- there's more than one way to do open source -- and so these docs should not be read as a 'how-to' guide. Similar to how it can be valuable to read another engineer's source code to see how they solved a problem, we hope that others find value in seeing how we approach and think about open source at Google." The question going forward is whether Google will continue to keep the new website up-to-date. If they do, then this will definitely be a valuable asset for the entire development community. However, Google has a tendency to sometimes introduce projects with great fanfare and then abandon them. Time will tell. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Google Touts Open-Source Web Video, Microsoft Plays Ball 9 Google Touts Open-Source Web Video, Microsoft Plays Ball 9 Microsoft Open Sources PowerShell, Partners with Amazon Web Services, VMware, and Google Source: More Code Theft in Google's Android 11 Source: More Code Theft in Google's Android 11 Hyper-V Master Class Hyper-V Master Class with John Savill Live Online Training: Thursdays, April 27th to May 18th Register by April 20th and Save 20%! John Savill provides 12 hours of detailed instruction covering all the key aspects of a Hyper-V based virtualization environment covering both capabilities in Windows Server 2012 R2 and Windows Server 2016. John will walk attendees through resource allocation and architecture, storage, networking (including Network Virtualization), clustering, migration technologies, replication, private cloud, session virtualization, migration from other technologies, integration with Microsoft Azure, and more. At the end of this class, attendees will be able to architect and manage an enterprise-level Hyper-V environment.   Advertisement Join the Conversation Get answers to questions, share tips, and engage with the IT professional community at myITforum.  Are you a data center professional? Join AFCOM for the best data center insights. Looking to get things done in web development? Hot Scripts offers tens of thousands of scripts you can use. Database administrator? dBforums offers community insight on everything from ASP to Oracle, and get the latest news from Data Center Knowledge. Advertisement Advertisement WindowsITPro.com Windows Exchange Server SharePoint Virtualization Cloud Systems Management Site Features Contact Us Awards Community Sponsors Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search WindowsITPro.com Search: PISCES Related Sites Dev Pro SharePoint Pro SQL Server Pro SuperSite for Windows IT/Dev Connections myITforum Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot March 31, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   Industry  >   Google adds rich results for podcasts to SERPs Google adds rich results for podcasts to SERPs Industry SEO 30 Mar 17 | Clark Boyd Facebook0 Linkedin38 Google+7 Twitter 45 On its Developers blog, Google stealthily launched some new guidelines for structured data to bring rich results for podcasts to search results. To date, this is only available via Google Home or the Google Search app v6.5 or higher on Android devices, but support for Chrome on Android is coming soon.� This was first noted over on Search Engine Roundtable, and Google provided an image to show how this will look in practice: Podcasts can be indexed and embedded in results, which could be a particularly useful functionality for Google Home and smartphones. The example above shows just how much SERP real estate can be occupied when this is implemented correctly. An embedded podcast player within the search results also means users won�t even need to click through to a landing page to listen to an episode. How can I get my podcasts indexed? The first stage to achieving this is to get podcasts indexed, and Google has provided very clear and thorough guidelines on how to do this: Expose a valid RSS feed describing the podcast that conforms to the RSS 2.0 specifications as well as the feed requirements described below. The feed must contain at least one episode that conforms to the requirements given on this page. The podcast must have a dedicated homepage with the elements described below. The homepage must have a <link> pointing to your RSS feed. The homepage, the RSS feed, and any non-blocked audio files must be exposed to Googlebot; that is, they must not require a login, and must not be protected by robots.txt or <noindex> tags. Adding Structured Data for Podcasts Structured data implementation can lead to increased SERP presence and click-through rate, but it also provides search engines with valuable guidance when they crawl your content. The full list of required tags required within a podcast�s RSS feed is provided in Google�s post and it includes the following: Tags must be added at both a podcast- and episode-level within the RSS feed in order to show up via rich results. This is an essential consideration and is one that will need a bit of extra time from developers on an ongoing basis. We can surmise from these elements and the zebra podcast example provided by Google that the typical structure of a podcast listing will therefore look as follows: Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin38 Google+7 Twitter 45 Related articles Study: Why do marketers still struggle with innovative search tactics? Understanding voice search: What are the implications for marketers? A visual history of Google SERPs: 1996 to 2017 Five most interesting search marketing news stories of the week Are brands taking advantage of this yet? These are very early days for this feature, but I have conducted a number of searches via the Google Search app in the US for a range of podcasts and have yet to see this live. However, Google has been quite surreptitious about this recent release, and it will take some time for brands to implement the requisite changes too. Nonetheless, support for Chrome on Android is coming soon and presumably, other Google software and hardware will follow suit. That will provide quite a wide audience and any brand that releases podcasts will want to avail of this new opportunity to attract visits. In summary Combined with its developments in voice search, mobile, and personalization, it makes strategic sense for Google to add podcasts to its rich results-enabled assets. Data from Edison Research show the significant year-on-year growth for this medium in the US, with further increases expected in 2017: As such, it is worth paying attention to this now for any brand that produces podcasts – especially those that exist in a competitive niche. It may take some time to implement the technical changes and see them go live but, as with all such industry updates, the early adopters will reap the greatest rewards.   Article graphics by Chelsea Herbert Clark Boyd is VP Strategy at Croud, a global digital performance agency, and a contributor to Search Engine Watch. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading Biometrics and neuroscience: The future of digital analytics? Advertising has always been about emotions. Emotions lead to actions and, as such, influencing emotions is the most effective route to influencing actions. Industry PPC 23 Mar 17 | Clark Boyd Can Google get users on board with “shortcuts in search”? Google announced yesterday the launch of �shortcuts in search�, which will allow Android users in the US to access quick answers on a range of topics with the touch of a button. Mobile PPC SEO 22 Mar 17 | Clark Boyd How to create SEO-friendly content SEO-friendly content doesn�t have to be difficult or time-consuming, provided that you understand how on-page SEO can work alongside your content. Here�s how to create content that both your audience and search engines will enjoy. Content SEO 22 Mar 17 | Tereza Litsa The SEO benefits of using WordPress to publish your content Creating and�launching a fully-fledged website is not enough to get your brand noticed by itself. In order to�improve your online visibility, you ... read more Content SEO 21 Mar 17 | Lucy Barret Tags podcasts | rich results | structured data Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I�ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors � �You don�t have to use Google. There is another way.� How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL chris.williams@contentive.com sam.lawson@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/03/30/google-adds-rich-results-for-podcasts-to-serps/ Send × Want to stay on top of search trends? Get top insights and news from our search expertsDelivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
About US Contact US Client Login Registration Thursday March 30th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Book fitness classes anywhere in the U.S. on Google By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  March 31, 2017  /  Comments Off on Book fitness classes anywhere in the U.S. on Google       Print       Email MIL OSI Economics – Source: Google Headline: Book fitness classes anywhere in the U.S. on Google Shake off those winter blues and spring into shape. Starting today you can book and pay for fitness classes throughout the U.S. on Google Maps, Google Search and the Reserve with Google website. Here’s how it works: Visit Reserve with Google on desktop or mobile. There you can search for fitness studios near you, use filters to pinpoint exactly what you’re looking for, get recommendations for new classes, or book a spot in the session you already know and love. At checkout, you’ll even be able to take advantage of intro offers when available and buy class packages or memberships.  You can also book classes from Google Maps and Search. On Google Maps (desktop) and Google Search (mobile and desktop), just search for the studio you want and click “Reserve with Google” to see the class schedule, book, and pay.   We work with top scheduling providers, including MINDBODY, MyTime, Genbook, Full Slate, Front Desk, and Appointy to bring you real-time class inventory across the U.S. So whether you keep going back to a specific class at your favorite studio nearby, or want to find a great new spot while you’re traveling, Reserve with Google can help you book a workout in just a few taps.     Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on March 31, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: March 31, 2017 @ 4:14 am Filed Under: Business, Computer Technologies, Economics, English, Global Economy, Google, MIL OSI, MIL OSI Economics, Open Source Intel NEXT ARTICLE → AT&T Selected by FirstNet to Build and Manage America’s First Nationwide Public Safety Broadband Network Dedicated to First Responders About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Book fitness classes anywhere in the U.S. on Google AT&T Selected by FirstNet to Build and Manage America’s First Nationwide Public Safety Broadband Network Dedicated to First Responders Meet Two Young Scientists – Driving Technology and Breaking Down Barriers Verizon launches industry's first LTE Category M1 (Cat M1) nationwide network for IoT Why Companies of the Future Need Purpose © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Twilight Pioneers: The Evil Gate - New Downloadable Content Pack for NetEase's Daydream VR game Available Now News provided by NetEase Games Mar 30, 2017, 11:12 ET Share this article HANGZHOU, China, March 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Evil Gate - the first downloadable content (DLC) pack for Twilight Pioneers, NetEase's first mobile VR game, officially launched today on Google's Daydream. Twilight Pioneers is an Eastern fantasy style ARPG. The Evil Gate DLC includes expanded content and gameplay in English, Cantonese, and Mandarin. The English version also offers subtitles in five languages: Japanese, Korean, German, Spanish, and French. Since the launch of Twilight Pioneers in November of 2016, the game has consistently ranked among the top ten VR games on Google's Daydream download ranking. Check out the new trailer for The Evil Gate: https://gaming.youtube.com/watch?v=0WdMguJCrck&feature=share A scene of the new expansion pack The Ox Tyrant New official website of Twilight Pioneers Download Twilight Pioneers for Google's Daydream, here:  https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.netease.vr&hl=en New Story, New Adventure, New Challenges Twilight Pioneers: The Evil Gate builds upon the story in its previous chapter. In this new chapter, players will join Longshar in their ultimate quest to find the evil Darklord, who aims to spread darkness in every corner of the world.   Explore the Dungeon in Tianxia Inside this mysterious oriental fantasy world, Longshar opens the Gate of Time and players dive into an action-packed Tianxia World dungeon. There, they will find the Evil Gate and face its powerful protector, the Ox Tyrant. If victorious in battle, they will arrive at the Evil Gate and speak with the dungeon's guards to find Yunching from Yunlu Fairyland. Together, they will unlock the Evil Gate, pass Youdu (Ghost City) and continue their chase after the Darklord. Immersive First-Person VR Experience To deliver an epic first person VR game experience, Twilight Pioneers: The Evil Gate delivers an in-depth plot with new unique characters, eastern fantasy scenes, immersive gameplay, detailed graphics, robust movement controls and dungeon exploration.   NetEase Games is also proud to announce a brand new website for Twilight Pioneers with artwork that is reminisce of the scenes in the Tianxia World dungeon. To connect with Twilight Pioneers: - Visit our website: http://tp.163.com/   - Like on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/TwilightPioneers   - Follow on Twitter: https://twitter.com/NetEaseTP   - Subscribe on Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfgysm6cnGFwJcx2jOYBEOg About NetEase NetEase, Inc. (NASDAQ: NTES) is a leading internet technology company in China. Dedicated to providing online services centered around content, community, communication and commerce, NetEase develops and operates some of China's most popular PC-client and mobile games, advertising services, e-mail services and e-commerce platforms. In partnership with Blizzard Entertainment, Mojang AB (a Microsoft subsidiary) and other global game developers, NetEase also operates some of the most popular international online games in China. For more information, please visit: http://ir.netease.com/. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/twilight-pioneers-the-evil-gate---new-downloadable-content-pack-for-neteases-daydream-vr-game-available-now-300431967.html SOURCE NetEase Games Mar 01, 2017, 14:10 ET Preview: NetEase Games Conducts Its First Ever Developers Forum in the West My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 01, 2017, 14:10 ETNetEase Games Conducts Its First Ever Developers Forum in the West Feb 16, 2017, 07:08 ETNetEase Grew Online Games Revenues by 62% in 2016 to RMB28 Billion Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Electronic Gaming Entertainment Mobile Entertainment Networks You just read: Twilight Pioneers: The Evil Gate - New Downloadable Content Pack for NetEase's Daydream VR game Available Now News provided by NetEase Games Mar 30, 2017, 11:12 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine The Agenda Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Food Month Sign in Register Benefits User policies News London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Cheltenham Festival 2017 Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out London Food Month Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating The Agenda Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: Staying In Tech and Gaming From Google to Samsung here’s how to launch a product It's been the week of the big reveal as silicon superbrands go all out to unveil new tech Samuel fishwick Thursday 30 March 2017 16:39 BST Click to follow ES Entertainment Generation next: Franchesca Ramsey and Casey Neistat on the Lincoln Center Stage for Samsung Creators Unpacked Jason Kempin/Getty Images It had all the ingredients of a perfectly memorable Bermondsey house party: Ed Sheeran anthems on the sound system, Aperol spritzes to wash down ox-cheek canapés and episodes of Stranger Things on the TV. Except this house had been built from the ground up, for the launch of Google Home, with on-brand door knockers shaped like the letter G. When it comes to introducing a new product, pulling out all the stops for the launch has become a field of innovation in itself. When the Samsung Galaxy S8 was revealed yesterday, simultaneously at both London’s Olympic Park and New York’s Lincoln Center, there were packed out audiences, live music and immersive videos to drive the message home. At the American event, YouTubers Franchesca Ramsey and Casey Neistat made the audience laugh uproariously with routines riffing on phones (many tuned in to watch online too) and at a recent Apple launch, Sia performed.  There ain’t no party like a tech launch party. “Launches are our opportunity to share with the world our excitement around ground-breaking new products,” says a spokesman for Samsung. “From inviting people to follow launches through our channels such as Facebook and Twitter, to live streaming our events, we are using social and digital platforms to make our launches as inclusive as possible and involve as many as we can.” Here’s how to launch a product. Setting the stage Read more What you need to know about the Samsung Galaxy S8 launch On Tuesday, to showcase its Google Home technology to the UK, Google unveiled a house in Bermondsey it had built from the ground up. Hallways, bedrooms, a kitchen — the works. The idea was to put the voice-activated smart assistant (a rival to Amazon’s Alexa) in its element by unleashing it everywhere from the bathroom (“Hey, Google, play music”) to the bedroom — a fully furnished bedroom, with a king-size bed, wardrobe and even a pair of slippers snugly tucked away. Guests compelled the AI to adjust the thermostat, flick Stranger Things on via Netflix on the room’s smart TV and turn off the lights (“Hey Google, I’m ready for bed”).  That’s entertainment Apple and Samsung know that launches mean putting on a show. “One phone launch by Samsung in New York was a lavish, high-kicking musical in Radio City Music Hall,” says freelance technology editor David Phelan. “It was slick, lively and very cheesy. Apple’s events are extremely focused on the message, but that doesn’t mean there’s no glamour. Often they end with a guest appearance from a band or singer. I’ve seen Sia, Kanye West and — best of all — Tony Bennett singing I Left My Heart in San Francisco at the final MacWorld event.”  The last Google launch event — for the Pixel phone — worked with the theme “OK Google +, help me get home”. Accordingly, it had built a miniature Tube station — complete with a working train. Nintendo Switch meanwhile invited guests to milk a virtual cow when it launched. Samsung Galaxy S8 Launch - In pictures 5 show all Samsung Galaxy S8 Launch - In pictures 1/5 Franchesca Ramsey (L) and Casey Neistat speak onstage during Samsung Creators Unpacked at Lincoln Center in New York City Jason Kempin/Getty Images 2/5 Justin Denison, senior vice president of product strategy at Samsung, speaks about the new features on the Samsung Galaxy S8 Drew Angerer/Getty Images 3/5 A view of the new Samsung Galaxy S8 at its Samsung launch event in New York City Drew Angerer/Getty Images 4/5 Members of the audience take photos as they hold up a new version of the Samsung Gear 360 camera Drew Angerer/Getty Images 5/5 Justin Denison, senior vice president of product strategy at Samsung, speaks about the new features on the Samsung Galaxy S8 Drew Angerer/Getty Images Food for thought Upstairs at Google Home’s Google home, a teeming kitchen was kitted out with long tables and fully stocked Smeg fridges. The party continued with Aperol spritzes, as well as fine meat and celeriac among dishes served by self-proclaimed “MasterChef losers” (they were finalists last year) Billy Wright and Jack Layer.  “You can always tell when the food at a launch is good because journalists huddle round the exit to the kitchen.” says Phelan. “Usually, canapés are pretty average, but the hands-down best launch food has to be at the Club des Chefs extravaganzas from Samsung, where they show off their latest kitchen equipment and where the snacks are cooked in front of your eyes by a select group of Michelin-starred chefs.” People power Often, though, the star attraction is as much the name behind the ticket as the product. Former Apple CEO Steve Jobs, in a turtle-neck sweater and battered trainers, was fabled for his showmanship, stunning thousands at a Macworld conference in San Francisco by unveiling the original iPhone in 2007. “Every once in a while a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything,” he said.  Read more Google Chrome feature knows when you’ve been browsing too much porn Samsung unveils Bixby voice command service to rival Siri and Alexa Samsung Galaxy X expected to be a foldable phone and tablet hybrid These days, current CEO Tim Cook goes even further: last September, the Apple boss filmed a Carpool Karaoke skit with The Late Late Show host James Corden and musician Pharrell Williams. They drive through San Francisco as Cook, Corden and Williams sing Lynyrd Skynyrd’s Sweet Home Alabama, before Cook runs out of the car and onto the stage at a conference to deliver the news that Apple Music will be teaming up with Corden to make its own Carpool Caraoke series.  Presentation and correct Then there’s the small matter of the product that’s being revealed. “Amazon’s UK launch of the Echo was impressive,” says Phelan, “because there was a lengthy demonstration of the voice-recognition capabilities of the Echo. Voice recognition is difficult to achieve in a domestic situation, near-impossible in a large-scale public one, but it went flawlessly.”  But what about when it all goes wrong? “This happens quite a lot and you leave thinking, ‘Well, if they can’t get it right now, will it ever work for me?’ It’s also extremely cringe-worthy when things go horribly wrong. Even if it makes for fun reporting.” More about: Google Samsung Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
A Guide for Busy People Who Want to Build New Income Streams Credit Cards Investing Banking Education Insurance Taxes Credit Cards Investing Banking Education Insurance Taxes × Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Rewards Credit Cards of 2017 Best Cash Back Credit Cards for 2017 Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards for 2017 Best IRA Accounts of 2017 Best Online Stock Trading Brokers for 2017 Roth IRA vs 401k? You May Not Have to Choose Best Money Market Accounts for 2017 The Best High-Interest Savings Accounts Online for 2017 The Best Free Checking Account in 2017 Best Savings Account in 2017 How to Find the Best CD Rates in 2017 Affordable Online Bachelor's Degree Programs in 2017 Affordable Online Master's Degree Programs in 2017 Affordable Online MBA Programs in 2017 Why You Should Consider Trade School Instead of College Best Car Insurance Companies of 2017 Best Life Insurance Companies for 2017 The Best Home Insurance for 2017 Affordable Health Insurance Options in 2017 Best Tax Software for 2017 The 5 Best Free Tax Software for 2017 Understanding Income Tax Brackets Income Tax Calculator Updated on 03.29.17 A Guide for Busy People Who Want to Build New Income Streams by Trent Hamm John writes in: Recently, you mentioned in this article that you’ve set up some additional income streams to the point “where any income stream can go away and it won’t really adversely affect my family.” — I’m curious to know what they are and how you’ve achieved that. I’ve been listening and reading up on multiple income streams for a few years now and from what I understand they are really hard to build for people with full-time jobs and young children to the point they would start providing a decent income. Building new income streams takes a lot of work. Starting any kind of side gig takes a great deal of effort and that new income stream often doesn’t make a whole lot of money at first. It takes a great deal of continuous effort to start seeing results, and even then, it builds slowly. Most people give up before that. It’s even harder when that income stream is a passive one. Most people think that a passive income stream means that you just make something, throw it out there, and profit from it. Sure, you can do that, but you’ll make income in a trickle. So, let’s say you’re a busy person like John or myself. You have a main career with a full-time job. You have a family with children. You have all of the other maintenance of daily life. You have (hopefully) some semblance of social connections as well, and perhaps a hobby or two. Those things added together can eat up almost all of your day. How can you possibly build new income streams? Over the past few years, I’ve been tackling this exact problem in a number of ways, with reasonable success. I’m going to describe some of these initiatives in detail, but for now, I’m not going to mention specifics. Why? I’m trying to build these things without using the audience I have for The Simple Dollar, because that would be an advantage that others do not have, and I intend to write about each of them in full detail once they’ve had some more time to mature. Speaking of The Simple Dollar, let’s start with that one. Blogging The Simple Dollar started as a “side gig” for me back in 2006 when I felt the urge to start writing about my financial turnaround. It struck a chord and eventually grew into my full-time work. The Simple Dollar was a website I started completely on my own. I was able to earn an income from it by placing advertisements on the site, as well as using Amazon affiliate links when I would talk about a book or other product that had positively impacted my life. Why it works well as an income stream: It’s easy to set up, for starters. Anyone can start a blog using Blogger for free, or you can host it separately using something like Squarespace. Adding advertisements is easy, too, using tools like Google Adsense, and you can join Amazon’s associate program to generate a bit of income when you describe a product and people click through to Amazon’s site to learn more about it. It’s low-cost, too, as you can basically start all of this for free. Why it can work well for busy people: You can define your own posting schedule and make it nice and slow if you wish, though a slower posting schedule usually does mean that it’s harder to build up a lot of visitors (which you need to make money) because you simply don’t have a lot of articles for people to search for and find. You can pick your own topics as well. Another advantage is if you decide to take a break, your archived writings will continue to earn income for a while, though that income will slowly decline over time. Why it doesn’t work so well for busy people: It takes a ton of consistent work to build an audience for a blog. Not only do you have to write on a very consistent basis for quite a while, you also have to put in the footwork to find communities in which to talk about and share your site with interested parties without being a spammer (which can result in very negative things for your site). Writing consistently takes a ton of work; building an audience takes a ton of work. You need both to succeed with a blog. Another challenge is that you have to be focused on a particular topic. Websites that wander from topic to topic almost never find an audience. This means that you have to choose a topic that’s going to consistently provide something for you to write about all the time and then stick with that topic (and similar topics). It’s a lot of very consistent work. Now, this can work well for some busy people who have highly consistent schedules, which I did when I was first starting The Simple Dollar. I locked in a very consistent daily routine that gave me a block of time each evening to work on the site. This site was built in the evenings after long days at work, and often in those evenings I was holding a baby on my shoulder while clicking a mouse or bouncing a toddler on my knee while typing. Another challenge is that it’s hard to earn a lot of money unless you have a pretty big audience. You need thousands of consistent readers (or else lots of well-regarded pages in Google for people to find via lots of different searches) in order to be able to make consistent money via advertisements. Until you have that, you won’t earn a ton of money. My first year or two with The Simple Dollar showed monthly income that’s better described in pennies rather than dollars. Should you do it? If you have a good broad topic in mind, enjoy writing short essays, and can do so quite often and with relative ease, blogging might really click with you. This describes my own writing style quite well. However, it takes a long time to start earning an income from blogging and you will need to do some self-promotion. Related: How to Start a Blog: A Side Business Primer Now, we’ll move on to some of the other potential side gigs for busy people, many of which I have direct experience with and others which are drawn from the experiences of close friends. Right up front, let’s be clear: I have experience with each of these, but I’m intentionally not talking about specifics at the moment because I don’t want to “spoil” their results by using The Simple Dollar as a platform to advertise them. I want to, in the future, be able to write about the results a person can achieve without being able to leverage something like The Simple Dollar to help it grow. When that happens, you better believe I’ll talk about the exact things I’ve made, but until then, I’m going to speak in more vague terms. YouTube A YouTube channel is something that anyone can create. It’s a collection of videos uploaded to YouTube made by the same creator (or team of creators) that people can subscribe to and watch. You might, for example, make a series of cooking videos or pocketknife review videos or videos on hunting tactics or videos discussing the latest events in the NBA. It’s generally a good idea to have a consistent theme to your videos. These videos earn income through advertisements placed before and during the videos by Google (and some popular channels can earn income through product placement arrangements). Many YouTubers earn additional income through Patreon. Why it works well as an income stream: It’s very easy to get started. Starting a channel is free. You can make videos and upload them to YouTube on a smartphone or virtually any computer with a good internet connection, and once they’re uploaded, they stay there forever. You can define your own video creation schedule, too. Why it can work well for busy people: Much like blogging, you can pick your own production and posting schedule and you can pick your own topic. You don’t even have to worry at all about hosting issues – your only real worry is making videos and then promoting them. Another advantage is that you can take breaks from creating videos and your older videos will continue to earn revenue for quite a long time. Why it doesn’t work so well for busy people: Video production can take a lot of time. Even though you’re posting at your own pace and schedule, it can still take quite a lot of time to come up with an idea for a video, plan out the content, film it, edit it, and post it. Making something look halfway decent also takes some video editing skills, which you may have to learn before you even start. There’s also the issue of promotion, which is something we’ll come back to time and time again. To make money off of online content you create, you need viewers, and to get viewers, you have to promote what you’ve made. That means spending the time to get involved with a community that would be receptive to your videos. Of course, if you’re making videos on things you already enjoy, this should be relatively easy and fun, but it still takes a long time. And, again, much like blogging, it takes a substantial audience to make more than pennies with this. You either need a lot of videos or a healthy handful of really, really good videos to start building an audience and that means a lot of work before you really earn much money at all. Should you do it? If you have a good topic in mind and the idea of making videos about it seems fun to you, then this can be a good hobby. However, as with many of the ideas here, you should expect that you won’t make much money for quite a while, and you will need to do some self-promotion. Related: Turning Your Passion Into Income With YouTube Podcasting Podcasting centers around recording audio programs and releasing them via the internet for others to listen to as they choose. You simply list your podcast with various services, record episodes, release them, and then people who use those services can discover and listen to your podcast. I like to describe it as “independent talk radio.” Why it works well as an income stream: It’s fairly easy to record a podcast episode; you can even do it on a smartphone, though the audio quality would be relatively poor and that should only be a method for getting started. You just need a website to host your podcast, which is easily done at Squarespace, so it’s not too involved to actually publish your episodes. The actual recording, editing, and publishing doesn’t take too long at all per episode. If you enjoy having conversations about a particular topic, it’s a ton of fun. Why it doesn’t work so well for busy people: Most of the same challenges with other formats for earning money pop up here. You need to be consistent with it (though you can get away with a pretty infrequent schedule when podcasting), and you won’t earn much money for a while, if ever. I’ve found that with podcasting, the need for consistent day-in-day-out work is less than with some of the other models discussed here, but it’s actually harder to get income going with it. You basically have to find your own sponsors; if you’re lucky, they’ll find you, but you’ll probably have to go find businesses that would be interested in advertising on a podcast on your topic and work something out with them. At first, it won’t earn you much money, because your rates are wholly dependent on your listenership. You can also use Patreon as an income stream, where your listeners pay you a small amount per episode. So, while the actual content production of a podcast is relatively easy on a per-episode basis, you do need consistency, and it’s fairly challenging to find people to pay you for doing this, at least compared to other strategies listed here. Should you do it? If you like the idea of recording a talk radio show on a topic you love, podcasting is a great hobby that can earn an income stream along the way. However, it’s fairly hard to get the ball rolling with this in terms of income generation, though the actual content production isn’t incredibly hard. I found podcast content to be the easiest to produce (after blogging) among the options here. Related: The Best Entertainment Bargain Online: 30 Great Podcasts to Try Ebooks Another strategy for building some side income for yourself is to write ebooks and sell them, either through Amazon’s Kindle store or through other venues, including your own. You simply write a book on your computer, edit it so that it’s worth reading, format it correctly, and upload it (assuming you’re using the Kindle store). It’s then listed on the Kindle store and people can buy it, download it, and read it. Why it works well as an income stream: This is very much a “work at your own pace” kind of side gig. You can write and edit at whatever pace you like. Once you do upload a book, it’s there for good and will be found by people searching through the Kindle store thereafter. There’s virtually no up front cost, either. Why it doesn’t work so well for busy people: Your book basically won’t sell at all on its own. You have to promote it, perhaps more than any other option here. If you want it to consistently start selling and to build up a following who will consistently buy your ebooks, you’ve got to get the word out there about your books, and that starts with writing great descriptions for your book, finding lots of online communities to actively participate in, and talking about your stuff there in a non-spammy way. That’s a lot of additional work. I’ve personally found that promoting ebooks takes more promotional work than the other avenues here. So, while the actual writing is probably the least intense option among the ones listed here, the work needed to promote the books is quite large in order to be successful. Should you do it? Do you like to write long-form items like books or novellas? If that sounds appealing to you, this is a great avenue to do just that. Just be aware that in order to make significant money from this, you have to be willing to invest significant time in promoting your books. They’re not going to make a mint all by themselves. Related: 15 Free Kindle Books to Inspire You to Great Things Standalone Websites Standalone websites are websites that serve as an information resource about a specific topic. Typically, these websites are supported by ads and exist solely to serve up detailed information about some relatively narrow topic that people might be interested in that isn’t really covered elsewhere. For example, you might make a website that offers detailed notes on all of the hiking trails at a national park near where you live or offers up detailed notes on how to get started with a particular niche hobby. Once you make such a website, you’d simply promote it a little and mostly look for ways to get it linked to from other sites in order to start welcoming visitors from Google, who will view the ads and earn revenue for your site. Why it works well as an income stream: Once you actually have such a site established, it requires very little irregular work to keep earning income and even slowly grow that income. A website that’s bringing in Google traffic tends to keep bringing it in provided you update the site every once in a while with fresh info, which you can do irregularly. Hosting websites like this is extremely cheap, as almost any web host is up to the task. You can also sell sites once they start earning income if you want to completely get out of the equation, which is harder to do with other opportunities. That’s the big advantage of using this as a money making tactic. Why it doesn’t work so well for busy people: It takes a lot of time to make a website with a bunch of pages that thoroughly covers a niche topic. You need some basic web design skills, too. After that, you’re going to invest a ton of time trying to get some links to that site built up, especially from reputable places. All of this occurs before you earn a dime and while you’re paying for site hosting for your site. For this to really work, you need to have some writing skills and motivation, some limited web design skills, and a strong desire to self-promote, a mix of things that many people don’t have, and you’ll also need to be willing to dump in a lot of up-front time, though it doesn’t need to be regular time. Should you do this? If you’re interested in writing some detailed guides to specific topics, building standalone websites is a great avenue for this. Just be aware that it is a fairly slow process to make it profitable. This is a good route if you find yourself with bursts of time here and there to devote to it rather than consistent time. ‘Chore Synergy’ Businesses What if you don’t want to do any sort of online business? Most real-world businesses usually require a ton of consistent time, which make them a nonstarter when it comes to very busy people. The only approach that seems to work well in a busy lifestyle is what I call “chore synergy” businesses; things you can do that synergize really well with things you’re already doing. For example, if you walk your dog for a mile or two every day, simply picking up some dogs along that route, walking a big loop, and then returning them would just extend your dog walk a little bit and earn you some money. A door-to-door laundry service that’s along your work commute would allow you to pick up laundry and drop it off during your commute, do it at home, and then return it in the mornings before work, again right along with your commute. The idea is to “synergize” things you’re already doing. Why it works well as an income stream: It involves a relatively low time commitment, as it usually just increases the time you spend on something you’re already doing. Once you have some clients, it’s actually a rather effortless way to earn more money. Most of these types of businesses involve very little cost to you outside of the time and energy involved. Why it doesn’t work so well for busy people: You have to have a good idea that people actually want, then you have to promote that idea, then you usually have to actually execute that idea, all before you ever see a dime. You will have to worry about things like billing and so forth. You’ll also be expected to consistently stick with the task you’re promising to fulfill and any time you step away from it, you’ll have to clearly notify your clients or else drop the business. It won’t earn any residual income if you step away, whereas the other options will. Should you do it? If you can identify a task that you can synergize really well, like a laundry delivery service or a dog-walking business or a basic lawn mowing service, and you’ll actually enjoy adding more of that task to your life, then a synergistic chore business might be a really good fit for you. If you loathe your household chores, avoid this one like the plague. Final Thoughts If you look through this list, you’ll see that many of the ideas have some things in common. They tend to involve a lot of work at your own pace that won’t earn a lot of income up front, but can build into something that earns good money over the long haul if you’re patient. They tend to have very little up-front cost, so that if it doesn’t work out, you don’t have a deep financial investment. They tend to be able to produce some level of residual income if you walk away from them for an extended period or for good. All of those are factors that work well for making a side gig for busy people, particularly the “low up-front financial investment” and the “work at your own pace but consistently” aspects of it. I have obviously found success with The Simple Dollar following this pattern and I’m currently exploring projects in almost all of these areas. If any of these sound interesting to you, start by writing up a side gig business plan for that idea. Use that opportunity to figure out the ins and outs of actually pulling off what you have in mind in terms of how to actually do it, what the real time commitment is, and whether you could fit it into your life. Be sure to consider the drawbacks I’ve discussed here and how you will overcome them, as well as other drawbacks you discover. You may just find that a side gig does fit well in your busy life and it can provide another income stream for you. Related Articles:  50 Side Businesses You Can Start on Your Own Multiple Income Streams: My Father’s Lesson How to Turn Your Passion Into an Income Stream See Also: Get 2x Points on All Your Travel and Dining >> Recommended For You A Great Way To Pay Off Debt With A No Interest Credit Card Get rid of high interest debt with a 0% balance transfer credit card Get A Free Trip This Summer by using the Right Card Earn credit card points toward your favorite ways to travel Avoid Foreign Transaction Fees with These Top Picks Save money and expand your travel budget by packing any one of these cards on your trip 6 Credit Cards That Can't Be Beat in 2016 A comprehensive guide to maximizing rewards and getting paid back for everything you buy Loading Disqus Comments ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Google+. Loading Facebook Comments ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Facebook. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Advertiser Disclosure CLOSE Your Personal Financial Toolkit Manage your money IRA Accounts Online Brokers Free Checking Account Savings Accounts Tax Software Free Tax Software Plan for your future Mortgage Rates Auto loans Debt Payoff Calculator Protect your investments Home Insurance Renter’s Insurance Cheap Car Insurance Credit Monitoring Services Optimize your spending Credit Cards Rewards Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Hotel Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Balance Transfer Business Credit Cards Credit Cards for Students Credit Cards for Bad Credit Get the new e-book, 202 Ways to Save Money Now, for free! Just sign up to The Simple Dollar Daily and start saving today. Advertiser Disclosure CLOSE Your Personal Financial Toolkit Manage your money IRA Accounts Online Brokers Free Checking Account Savings Accounts Tax Software Free Tax Software Plan for your future Mortgage Rates Auto loans Debt Payoff Calculator Protect your investments Home Insurance Renter’s Insurance Cheap Car Insurance Credit Monitoring Services Optimize your spending Credit Cards Rewards Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Hotel Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Balance Transfer Business Credit Cards Credit Cards for Students Credit Cards for Bad Credit Get the new e-book, 202 Ways to Save Money Now, for free! Just sign up to The Simple Dollar Daily and start saving today. About The Simple Dollar Contact Careers © 2017 TheSimpleDollar.com Privacy Terms of Service Advertiser Disclosure Advertising Disclosure: TheSimpleDollar.com has an advertising relationship with some of the offers included on this page. However, the rankings and listings of our reviews, tools and all other content are based on objective analysis. For more information and a complete list of our advertising partners, please check out our full Advertising Disclosure. TheSimpleDollar.com strives to keep its information accurate and up to date. The information in our reviews could be different from what you find when visiting a financial institution, service provider or a specific product's website. All products are presented without warranty. Top Buffer Diggit Email More Facebook Flattr Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Print Reddit Stumble tumblr Twitter VK WhatsApp Yummly Xing Friend's Email Message  http://www.thesimpledollar.com/a-guide-for-busy-people-who-want-to-build-new-income-streams/ Send
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals World Finance Sport Motoring Science & Tech Celebrity TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral Google and Mark Zuckerberg's investment fund are backing a $150 million AI institute in Toronto (GOOG) Sam Shead Business Insider UK30 March 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Geoffrey HintonMore Google is one of several multinationals backing a new $150 million (£120 million) artificial intelligence (AI) research facility in Canada as it looks to make further breakthroughs in the field. Launched on Thursday, the Vector Institute is based in the city of Toronto, which already has a reputation as one of the strongest AI hubs in the world, largely as a result of the research efforts at the University of Toronto. The institute wrote in a press release that it intends to produce more "masters, applied masters, PhDs and post-doctoral graduates in deep learning and machine learning AI than any other institution in the world." Working with academic institutions, incubators, accelerators, and startups, the institute hopes that its efforts will result in new breakthroughs, jobs and economic growth. View photos Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla ChanMore APThe Province of Ontario has committed $50 million (£40 million) to support the institute but the majority of the funding —$80 million (£64 million) of the $150 million (£120 million) — is coming from the private sector. Google is one of several "platinum" partners that have pledged to give $5 million (£4 million) to the institute. Others platinum partners include IT consultancy giant Accenture and chip maker Nvidia. The Chan Zuckerberg initiative, the investment fund of Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan, has also pledged to support the institute with $20,000 (£16,000) a year. "The opportunities for new discoveries in the field of deep learning are very exciting, and the applications are endless," said Google engineering fellow Geoffrey Hinton, who will serve as Vector's chief scientific advisor, in a statement. Hinton, a British-born Cambridge University graduate, added: "Now is the time for us to lead the research and shape the future of this field, putting neural network technologies to work in ways that will improve health care, strengthen our economy and unlock new fields of scientific advancement. And with the Vector Institute collaborating with institutes in Montreal and Edmonton we can do that here in Canada." Ed Clark, chair of the Vector Institute board of directors, added: "The Vector Institute will confirm Canada’s world-leading position in the field of deep learning artificial intelligence. "Consequently, it will spur economic growth in Canada by attracting talent and investment, supporting scale-up firms and enabling established firms to be best-in-class adopters of artificial intelligence." NOW WATCH: 6 things the Samsung Galaxy S8 can do that the iPhone can’t See Also: There are a lot of red flags with Samsung's AI assistant in the new Galaxy S8 The guy who started Android just teased the new phone he's building Howard University is opening a campus at Google headquarters to get more black engineers in tech Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next The 10 things in advertising you need to know today Business Insider UK Argentina suspends Canada's Barrick mining over spill AFP Plunging price of renewable energy makes end of fossil fuels inevitable, says report The Independent 10 things in tech you need to know today (FB, GOOG) Business Insider UK You can earn £24,000 flying drones for Google if you have 'a tolerance to coffee and French people' Business Insider UK Petition calling for Madeleine McCann's parents to take lie detector test achieves over 25,000 signatures Yahoo News UK Verhofstadt: I did not use the word "blackmail" ITN How the papers covered Brexit day Brexit: European Parliament group leader says 'I don’t care any more' about UK interests after Article 50 triggered The Independent Sony World Photography Awards - The incredible winners Twitter reacts to the Cristiano Ronaldo bust at Madeira airport Press Association video Correction: Man kills 3 home burglars; woman arrested Associated Press The top 10 worst places in the UK for broadband reception Family of Romanian Westminster terror victim thank emergency services as woman who fell into Thames remains critical Evening Standard Britain's Biggest Family is expecting their 20th child, but how do you know what family size is right for you? Yahoo Style UK In pictures: Sewol ferry raised from the sea three years after disaster that claimed 300 lives By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
VISIT CNBC.COM VISIT CNBC.COM Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials SHOWS Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials All Shows Adventure Capitalists American Greed American Vice Billion Dollar Buyer Blue Collar Millionaires Cleveland Hustles Ground Zero Rising Jay Leno’s Garage Make Me a Millionaire Inventor The Deed The Deed: Chicago The Filthy Rich Guide The Partner The Profit The Profit in Cuba Secret Lives of the Super Rich Shark Tank Undercover Boss West Texas Investors Club Full Episodes Live Store X How to Win in Business How to Win in Business A Google exec shares the No. 1 trait that leads to professional success Marguerite Ward | @forwardist 16 Hours Ago CNBC.com show chapters Google exec says this is the most important characteristic for young professionals to develop    Wednesday, 29 Mar 2017 | 6:47 PM ET | 00:54 SHARES Google exec Peter Roper attributes his professional success to one specific trait: fearlessness. Before Roper became Google's head of mobile brand strategy in 2014, he made a point of constantly taking steps to build his skill set. He would propose complex projects, partner with people in different industries and even switched jobs based on what he thought he could learn in the next role. That skill-seeking strategy, along with one very bold move in particular, helped him land a leadership position at one of the most important companies in the world. "If you're fearless," Roper tells CNBC, "you're able to go after the goals that you want to achieve." Mary Stevens/CNBC In 2013, he sent a cold email to the CEO of Songza, a music app he loved. He asked if the company was looking for anyone to help run sales. While Songza did not have any job openings listed online, the CEO responded saying that he was, in fact, looking for a sales executive. Roper landed the job, and a few years later, Google acquired the app. Soon after, Google asked him to join the team. "If you don't put yourself out there," he says, "nobody's really going to hand you the big project, or hand you the job." When you take a risk such as cold emailing a hiring manager or proposing a new project to your boss, people will notice, according to the executive. In fact, bold moves like these help you regardless of whether someone notices, according to former Google career coach Jenny Blake. Roper isn't the only business leader whose career took off as a result of boldness. Ursula Burns, executive chairman at Xerox, got a promotion that set her on track to the C-suite after she challenged an executive in a meeting. Mark Zuckerburg, Steve Jobs and other tech visionaries dropped out of college to pursue their ideas. While those moves may seem exceptionally bold, successful people often take big risks. "The most important characteristic for young professionals," he says, "is to be fearless, to really put yourself out there and accomplish your goals." Check out Roper's strategy for mapping out your career. show chapters Google exec shares two easy tricks to boost your career    Friday, 24 Mar 2017 | 10:09 AM ET | 00:59 Video by Zack Guzman Marguerite WardReporter, CNBC Make It To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
02031220868 editorial@whatmobile.net Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram WRITE FOR US! News General Devices Accessories Apps Games Humour Artificial Intelligence Virtual Reality Industry Reviews Devices Handsets Tablets and 2-in-1 Wearables Accessories Apps Games Handheld Mobile Features Top 5 Apps News Reviews Games News Reviews Handheld Mobile Tip Us AWARDS Select Page Home » Latest » Samsung Bixby Faces Tough Battle For AI Supremacy Samsung Bixby Faces Tough Battle For AI Supremacy by Thomas Wellburn | Mar 30, 2017 | Features, Latest | 0 comments About Latest Posts Thomas Wellburn Deputy Editor at What Mobile Tech, mobile and gaming enthusiast. Has a passion for Techno and music production. Will watch cat videos for several hours at a time. Latest posts by Thomas Wellburn (see all) Samsung Bixby Faces Tough Battle For AI Supremacy - 15:27, 30 Mar 2017 Samsung DeX is Another Constrained Mobile Experience - 11:52, 30 Mar 2017 Samsung launches new Gear VR and Gear 360 accessories - 17:30, 29 Mar 2017 Samsung Bixby is a good virtual assistant with lots of potential, but faces a tough uphill battle to match the likes of Google. Bixby, the AI assistant that Samsung implemented inside the Galaxy S8, was an expected feature. We knew it was coming from the day they acquired Viv, the company behind Apple’s famous assistant Siri. It’s a response to the rapid convergence of artificial intelligence and mobile connectivity, first started by Apple and pushed further by Google in recent months. Samsung’s service seemed solid enough during the demonstration yesterday, matching the competition feature-for-feature, however it lacked a truly unique USP that is necessary to convince users of other systems. Aside from Cortana and Siri, Bixby’s biggest competitor is Google Assistant. This robust feature will be baked into almost all Android Nougat devices in the future, giving it a huge install base overnight. While it’s unlikely that Samsung wants to offer the software to other handset manufacturers, there’s still the lingering question of why people would opt to use Bixby over Google Assistant in the first place? The latter is entirely native to Android, will arguably have better support thanks to Google’s ownership of the underlying OS and has a much larger audience. The new assistant will need to prove itself over time to convince smaller developers to invest the time adopting Bixby into their applications. Related Post  Curved screen iPhone 8 by 2017 What Makes Bixby So Special? Short answer, not much. It offers pretty similar features to Google Assistant and seems to be playing a safe game. These include voice triggering and the ability to interpret data shown on screen. There’s also a home screen made up of cards which mirrors that of Google Assistant. The home screen acts a calendar with which Bixby can read the data, offering suggestions and reminders for appointments. Samsung expressed at the event the Bixby wants to help with how we interact with our smartphone, rather than change it. Many of the features in Bixby are about convenience, such as being able to change brightness settings with a simple voice command. There’s also a dedicated button to wake Bixby, though for an assistant which is based around voice commands, this seems a little redundant. The inclusion of camera integration is a nifty trick but nobody can comment on its efficiency until the software is out in the wild. In principal, pointing the camera at objects should allow Bixby to pick out bits of information. Algorithms like this are not a new feature and have been used by big companies in the past for facial recognition. Facebook already uses a similar feature to automatically tag people in pictures. Feedback from the controlled demonstrations showed at Samsung Unpacked yesterday seem to be mixed, with a lot of outlets reporting buggy performance. Interestingly, it was the image recognition that seemed to be the most robust, with voice command confusion being a common complaint among testers. The Future of Bixby As it stands, the assistant feels like an acceptable response to the growing Artificial Intelligence scene but nothing more. Bixby still has a lot of holes in the implementation, but the potential is there for a great assistant. Although tech outlets have been quick to criticise the number of bugs at announcement, there could be a very good reason for this. Bixby isn’t yet using Viv, the impressive AI startup purchased by Samsung last year for $215 million. The software focuses primarily on speech input, having the ability to understand complex questions and even human intent. Perhaps when Samsung manages to integrate the two services together, Bixby could become a very potent assistant indeed. Related Post  Samsung Pay arrives in Europe with Spain debut   More From Us... Samsung DeX is Another Constrained Mobile Experience Samsung launches new Gear VR and Gear 360 accessories Samsung Galaxy S8 launched with bezeless screen Unlocked: How to use any SIM On iPhone Everything You Need to Know About SD Cards Sorry Amber Rudd, WhatsApp encryption doesn’t work like that Mirrorless Camera Cleaning Tips iPhone Camera Tips and Tricks: DSLR-less Photography Urbanista Melbourne Bluetooth Speaker Review Join in GearBest 3rd Anniversary to win a OnePlus 3T Home » Latest » Samsung Bixby Faces Tough Battle For AI Supremacy Advertisement Recent posts Samsung Bixby Faces Tough Battle For AI Supremacy Samsung DeX is Another Constrained Mobile Experience Samsung launches new Gear VR and Gear 360 accessories Samsung Galaxy S8 launched with bezeless screen Unlocked: How to use any SIM On iPhone Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 October 2006 Contact Us Meet the Team Advertising T & C’s Copyright Clark White Publications 1994-2017 This website uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookiesAgree Translate » What Mobile Wants Interns! What Mobile is looking for interns to help review the latest products at our Islington office in London. Think you have what it takes? Apply Now! Apply Now ×
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey April Glaser Eric Johnson Tony Romm Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Rani Molla Podcasts Events ✕ Alphabet Transportation Uber Self-driving talent is fleeing Google and Uber to catch the autonomous-driving gold rush With every defection, Uber and Google are feeding the fire of their own competition. by Johana Bhuiyan and Rani Molla Mar 30, 2017, 10:34am EDT tweet share Linkedin Justin Sullivan / Getty As competition in the self-driving industry — nascent as it may be — gets steeper, top talent from existing and established players are increasingly jumping ship to start or join fresh-faced autonomous tech startups hungry for a piece of the pie. Engineers skilled and experienced in the field of autonomous technology are hard to come by so it’s no surprise companies like Ford, General Motors, and Uber are willing to pay top dollar to scoop them up through lofty acquisitions. And these engineers are jumping at the opportunity. Obvious reasons aside, talent retention is crucial for companies staking their reputation on the progress of its self-driving technology — namely Uber, Google, and Tesla — because with every major defection a new competitor has been born. Uber for instance has lost around 20 of its top self-driving engineers in the months since the company acquired self-driving trucking startup Otto in August 2016. Sources attribute part of that to internal tension between the self-driving arm’s cars and trucks teams. Several of those top engineers have started new companies. The entity’s former engineering lead Peter Rander, poached from Carnegie Mellon in 2015, joined a former Google self-driving engineer Brian Salesky and started Argo.ai. Joining him is another well-respected Uber self-driving engineer, Brett Browning. At least nine other former Uber engineers and three other former Googlers have joined Rander and Browning at Argo. Why does that matter? Ford acquired a majority stake in the company. In other words, Uber’s and Google’s loss is Ford’s gain. However, Uber has also benefited from self-driving defections. The company’s now head of autonomous efforts Anthony Levandowski left Google’s self-driving arm in January of 2016 before starting Otto — which Uber later acquired. Levandowski’s three co-founders are all ex-Googlers and are joined by at least five other top Alpbabet engineers. (The number is likely much larger than that at this point. ) That’s apparently a sticking point for Alphabet: Uber filed a motion for arbitration in response to Waymo’s lawsuit yesterday that revealed that Waymo accused Levandowski of using confidential salary information to poach talent away from Alphabet as early as October 2016. From Tesla, Otto hired Andrew Gray — who had a brief stint at Cruise Automation, now owned by General Motors, as the vice president of engineering — as the company’s director of engineering. Johana Bhuiyan is the senior transportation editor at Recode and can be reached at johana@recode.net or on Signal, Confide, WeChat or Telegram at 516-233-8877. Google’s self-driving arm, now called Waymo, also lost its CTO Chris Urmson late last year. Urmson went on to found autonomous tech startup Aurora, as we first reported. Urmson has since poached engineers away from Uber and Tesla. Aurora has hired Drew Bagnell, Uber’s former head of perception and computer vision, as well as a former senior software engineer at the ride-hail company Jean-Sebastien Valois, Uber’s former engineering manager Michael Bode and at least five others. In fact, according to job listings, Aurora will have headquarters in Palo Alto, Calif., and Pittsburgh, Penn., where Uber’s self-driving headquarters and many of the engineers Aurora poached are based. From Tesla, Urmson has lured away the company’s head of Autopilot Sterling Anderson, who allegedly attempted to recruit talent away from his former employer. In short order, the electrical vehicle manufacturer filed a lawsuit against Aurora claiming the company attempted to poach its engineers. Lastly, we know less about this startup but another duo from Alphabet’s self-driving arm — Dave Ferguson and Jiajun Zhu — left to create an artificial intelligence and robotics company called Nuro.ai — which will also work on autonomous technology. Related The complete timeline to self-driving cars Inside Uber’s self-driving car mess Alphabet’s Waymo is suing Otto and Uber for allegedly stealing the design of a key self-driving system Tesla is suing its ex-Autopilot director for allegedly poaching employees and stealing confidential information Subscribe to the Recode newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. recode_divider More From Recode SpaceX just made history by successfully reusing a rocket YouTube creators have complained about declines in ad revenue Full transcript: Mary Lou Jepsen on Too Embarrassed to Ask, live at SXSW Oculus founder Palmer Luckey is leaving Facebook Amazon and Walmart are in an all-out price war that is terrifying America’s biggest brands Vevo makes its pitch to advertisers after they flee YouTube Trending Amazon and Walmart are in an all-out price war that is terrifying America’s biggest brands Grocery suppliers are feeling the squeeze — big-time. YouTube creators have complained about declines in ad revenue Google has started tweaking the system to respond to advertiser concerns about brand safety. Donald Trump has a new iPhone — so it looks like he isn’t boycotting Apple anymore The president’s social media director shares that Trump has been tweeting from his new Apple device. Oculus founder Palmer Luckey is leaving Facebook Luckey was the face of Oculus, but ran into some trouble last fall. Amazon is shutting down Diapers.com — whose founder is now at war with Amazon The site was part of Amazon’s fourth-largest acquisition back in 2011. More Trending Recode Daily Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 18. The sidebar size is long. The Latest SpaceX just made history by successfully reusing a rocket by April Glaser YouTube creators have complained about declines in ad revenue by Tess Townsend Full transcript: Mary Lou Jepsen on Too Embarrassed to Ask, live at SXSW by Recode Staff Oculus founder Palmer Luckey is leaving Facebook by Kurt Wagner Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home > Google News > Google Maps > Google Local 3 Pack Removes City Names For Local Results Google Local 3 Pack Removes City Names For Local Results Mar 30, 2017 • 7:46 am | (0) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Maps Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Sergey Alakov spotted another change to the Google local pack, this one is where Google is removing the city name from the local pack results when the results are nearby your current location. So either it will show you the street address OR if you search for a specific city that is not near you, it will remove the street address and show just the city name. Got it? If the results are nearby, it just shows the street address with no city name BUT if the listings are far from you, it shows just the city name and not the address. Here are screen shots: [plumber]: [plumber atlanta] which is far from me: Makes logical sense to me to do this. Nice job Google. Forum discussion at Twitter. Previous story: Daily Search Forum Recap: March 29, 2017   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 03/24/2017 08:41 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Bing Ads Monthly Budgets to Migrate to Daily Budgets During April, 2017 Amazon Acquires Dubai-Based eCommerce Site, Souq Digital Point Forums I need some guys to make me some cool CSS designs Tribaladnetwork.com - Official Thread Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Google News > Google AdWords > Google Warns YouTube Creators: Ad Revenue May Fluctuate Over Next Few Weeks Google Warns YouTube Creators: Ad Revenue May Fluctuate Over Next Few Weeks Mar 30, 2017 • 8:31 am | (3) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google AdWords Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story As you know, Google promised to make ad controls for advertisers as advertisers continue to leave Google over the controversy around their ads being shown on hateful, offensive and derogatory content sites and YouTube videos. So the next step, Google announced yesterday that changes are happening now with YouTube Creators. Marissa, a YouTube Community Manager, said in the YouTube Help forums that over the next few weeks, YouTube creators may see "fluctuations in your revenue." Why? She said it is because Google is "fine tuning" their "ads systems to address these concerns." "While this can be unsettling, we’re working as fast we can to improve our systems so that advertisers feel more confident in our platform and revenue continues to flow to creators over the long term.," she added. She did give some advice to these YouTube Creators: If you are monetizing your videos and seeing a drop in revenue from videos that are being monetized, review your videos’ thumbnails, titles and descriptions to ensure they accurately represent the content in your video and are aligned with the advertiser friendly content guidelines. If you think your video was demonetized in error, request an appeal by clicking on the yellow $ icon next to the video in Video Manager. You will be notified once a decision is made on the appeal, and if it is successful, your video will immediately be monetized again and have a green $ icon. In light of these changes, we’re pledging to make the reviews process around appeals even faster for creators. You can learn more about how to request an appeal here. So YouTubers, get ready! Forum discussion at YouTube Help. Previous story: Google AdWords Tracked 4 Billion Store Visits & Aims To Improve Accuracy   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 03/24/2017 08:41 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Bing Ads Monthly Budgets to Migrate to Daily Budgets During April, 2017 Amazon Acquires Dubai-Based eCommerce Site, Souq Digital Point Forums I need some guys to make me some cool CSS designs Tribaladnetwork.com - Official Thread Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Close English বাংলা Español bahasa Indonesia русский Malagasy Deutsch Français Português 日本語 македонски polski عربي Ελληνικά Swahili Italiano 繁體中文 Aymara čeština Magyar Română srpski नेपाली Nederlands မြန်မာ Български Türkçe 简体中文 Esperanto Dansk Svenska አማርኛ 한국어 Tetun ଓଡ଼ିଆ فارسی Filipino Shqip Català اردو עברית ភាសាខ្មែរ हिन्दी پښتو كوردی See all those languages up there? We translate Global Voices stories to make the world's citizen media available to everyone. Learn more about Lingua Translation  » Newsletter Sign up to receive the best of Global Voices Email Address Email Frequency Daily Weekly Announcements unsubscribe from list About Us What is Global Voices? Our People Participate Partners Donate Contact Lingua Translation Services All topics AfricaAmericasAsiaEuropeMiddle EastPoliticsCultureHuman RightsDigital Activism Arts & Culture Breaking News Censorship Citizen Media Development Digital Activism Disaster Economics & Business Education Elections Environment Ethnicity & Race Film Food Freedom of Speech Gay Rights (LGBT) Good News Governance Health History Human Rights Humanitarian Response Humor Ideas Indigenous International Relations Labor Language Law Literature Media & Journalism Migration & Immigration Music Photography Politics Protest Refugees Religion Science Sport Technology Travel War & Conflict Women & Gender Youth Global Inequality in Your Pocket: How Cheap Smartphones and Lax Policies Leave Us Vulnerable to Hacking The people who can least afford are often the most vulnerable to fraud and harassment when their digital privacy is violated. Posted 30 March 2017 14:06 GMT Share this:       Mobile phone shop in Lusaka, Zambia. Photo by Curious Lee via Flickr (CC BY-NC-SA 2.0) Written by Nathalie Maréchal. Nathalie is a Senior Fellow with Ranking Digital Rights. When it comes to smartphones, not all users are created equal. Low and middle-income people around the world mostly rely on affordable Android devices to communicate and share information, but cheaper phones often leave users more vulnerable to online threats and hacking. Devices running the Android operating system account for 88% of the global market, with iPhones representing the remaining 12%. But not all Android devices are created equal either: models that are made and controlled directly by Google, like Nexus and Pixel smartphones, have significantly stronger protection against hacking than devices made by manufacturers like Samsung, Huawei, Sony and Xiaomi. They are also much more expensive, about on par with iPhones. As a result, wealthier users who can afford to purchase new high-end devices every few years are protected from many threats that the majority of users — who use cheaper or used models, and don’t replace them as often — are vulnerable to. This means that the people who can least afford it are the most vulnerable to fraud, identity theft, predatory scams, cyberstalking and harassment, and other harms a person can suffer when their digital privacy is violated. This is a serious but poorly understood inequality issue worldwide. New research from Ranking Digital Rights, a nonprofit research initiative that evaluates the world's most powerful internet, mobile and telecommunications companies’ practices affecting user rights, found that companies fail to communicate basic information about how their smartphones (and the software that powers them) affect users’ safety. Everything we do on a mobile device creates digital traces that can then be used to paint a very revealing portrait of who we are, what we do, what we buy and even what we think. This data is valuable to marketers but also to governments, criminals, and anyone else who might want to do us harm. An MTN vehicle in Uganda, November 28, 2005, CC 2.0. Researchers are always finding new technical flaws in mobile software that attackers (including state-sponsored actors) can exploit, allowing them to install spyware or even take over devices remotely, simply by sending their victim a text message. Global Voices has covered a number of these cases, targeting Iranian activists, Tibetan internet users, and others. While some users receive security “patches” or updates from the software manufacturer that fix the problem, others do not. And device manufacturers often don’t explain to users why the updates matter. Many companies run “responsible disclosure” programs to encourage those who discover the bugs or technical problems to tell them about it, so they can then develop solutions and get them out to the devices running the software, usually by way of a software update. This works fairly well from the perspective of Apple and Google — the two companies that produce the software that powers 99.6 percent of the world’s smartphones. Last summer, when a group of security researchers led by Bill Marczak, then a Berkeley graduate student, discovered that the government of the UAE was using an extremely sophisticated, previously unknown method to attack human rights defenders, with the aim of turning their iPhones into bugs that recorded everything around them. Fortunately, Emirati dissident Ahmed Mansoor didn’t fall for the attack, and instead alerted Macczak and his colleagues, who in turned reported it to Apple. Apple engineers worked overtime to get a patch out to users in less than a month. The Android security team is just as diligent. The trouble happens with other Android hardware manufacturers like Samsung, HTC, and Xiaomi. For a variety of reasons, these manufacturers modify the Android open source operating system software in ways that make it more difficult to deliver software updates. The code that Google releases has to be modified to match the changes that were made to the operating system itself. Cell phone companies can also make modifications on top of the ones made by the device maker, adding yet another step to the process and further delaying the delivery of software updates. Apple doesn’t allow such changes to iOS, and Google controls the update process for Nexus and Pixel handsets purchased from the Google Store. As a result, at any given time there are millions of Android users whose devices are vulnerable to known exploits — attacks that are publicly known to the global IT security community. It’s like locking your front door with a key that hundreds of people have copies of. And because these devices are significantly cheaper than Nexus and Pixel models or iPhones, people who are poor, socially marginalized, and less tech-savvy — the same people who are most likely to access the internet exclusively through smartphones — are the ones most likely to bear the greatest risk of attacks. Ranking Digital Rights: 2017 Corporate Accountability Index The 2017 Index ranks 22 companies on 35 indicators across three categories. The indicators measure if and how well companies disclose policies affecting users’ freedom of expression and privacy. The Index evaluates policies of the parent company, operating company and those of selected services (depending on company structure). Read about the methodology, research process and how RDR scores each company on their website. Ranking Digital Rights was founded by Global Voices co-founder Rebecca MacKinnon. According to new data published by Google, only half of all Android devices received a security patch in 2016, and only about 3% of devices worldwide are running the latest version of the operating system, “Nougat.” Recognizing that this as a serious issue, the US Federal Trade Commission and Federal Communications Commission launched a joint investigation into the delivery of mobile security patches specifically, though more than a year later, neither agency has published responses from companies. Ranking Digital Rights’ 2017 Corporate Accountability Index compares publicly available disclosures and commitments affecting users’ human rights, including freedom of expression and privacy, for 22 global internet and telecommunications companies. It includes Samsung, which holds the largest share of Android devices worldwide, as well as 10 global telecommunications providers. None of the 11 companies involved in distributing Android software updates (other than Google) disclosed any information on the changes they make to the stock version of Android , or how those changes affect the delivery of security updates. Moreover, of the three smartphone companies examined, only Google specified the date through which different device models were guaranteed to receive updates. Nexus and Pixel devices are guaranteed to receive software updates for at least two years from when the device became available on the Google Store, and to receive security patches for at least three years from when the device first became available, or at least 18 months from when the Google Store last sold the device, whichever is longer. It would be ideal if Google extended that time period further, but at least they clearly communicate this commitment to users. (Neither Apple nor Samsung provides such a “best by” date). We depend on our smartphones for so much — and low income people without broadband or computers at home depend on them the most.  Rich or poor, we all deserve to know how long they will be safe to use, and what companies are doing to keep us safe. Nathalie Maréchal is a Senior Fellow with Ranking Digital Rights and a PhD Candidate at the Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism at the University of Southern California. Follow her at @marechalUSC. Share this: twitter facebook reddit googleplus Email Print version  Written byGuest Contributor Recent United Arab Emirates Stories 17 hours agoDigital Activism Global Inequality in Your Pocket: How Cheap Smartphones and Lax Policies Leave Us Vulnerable to Hacking 1 week agoMiddle East & North Africa UAE Authorities Arrest One Rights Activist and Extend the Detention of Another 2 weeks agoMiddle East & North Africa UAE Court Sentences Jordanian Journalist Tayseer al-Najjar to Prison More » This post is part of Global Voices Advocacy, a Global Voices project that reports on censorship and free speech online. Visit the Global Voices Advocacy website. · All Posts Written byGuest Contributor Translations Read this post in English Categories Regions United Arab Emirates Topics Digital Activism Economics & Business Technology Share this story: Tweet      Top World Stories Eastern & Central Europe Russia's Youngster Uprising Russia RuPaul on the RuNet: ‘Drag Race’ Catches on in Russia Middle East & North Africa The UK Is Among the World's Largest Suppliers of Weapons—and Is Making Arms Boycotts Illegal Middle East & North Africa Young Iranian Faces Execution Over ‘Anti-Islamic’ Social Media Posts Contributors View all contributors » Menu About Us What is Global Voices? Our People Participate Partners Donate Contact Lingua Translation Services Newsletter Sign up to receive the best of Global Voices Email Address Email Frequency Daily Weekly Announcements unsubscribe from list Sponsors Show all » This site is licensed as Creative Commons Attribution 3.0. Please read our attribution policy to learn about freely redistributing our work  Some Rights Reserved Receive great stories from around the world directly in your inbox. Sign up to receive the best of Global Voices Email Address Email Frequency Daily Weekly Announcements unsubscribe from list No thanks, show me the site
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter sustainable business US world science US politics business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Guardian sustainable business the palm oil debate What does boycotting palm oil achieve? – live chat Join us on this page on Wednesday 5 April, 1-2pm (BST), to discuss how consumers fit into the debate around the sustainability of palm oil Updated Halved oil palm kernels. Photograph: Tengku Bahar/AFP/Getty Images Supported by About this content Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Tess Riley @tess_riley Thursday 30 March 2017 10.21 EDT Last modified on Thursday 30 March 2017 14.03 EDT Key events Show 10.33am EDT 10:33 What we’ll be discussing 10.21am EDT 10:21 Some reading to kick off the debate 10.21am EDT 10:21 The panel 10.21am EDT 10:21 Submit a question for the panel 10.21am EDT 10:21 How to join in the discussion Live feed Show 10.33am EDT 10:33 What we’ll be discussing In response to concerns about the impact of palm oil production on biodiversity, local communities and plantation workers, some individuals and campaign groups have called for a boycott of any products containing the commodity. Others point out that some of the alternatives to palm oil such as soybean or rapeseed oil come with their own list of problems. Others still argue that consumer boycotts in Europe and the US are futile when countries such as India and China – two of the world’s largest palm oil importers – leave palm oil’s sustainability credentials largely unquestioned. Join us on Wednesday 5 April between 1-2pm (BST) as we debate the role of consumer boycotts and where they fit in to the sustainable palm oil debate. Questions we’ll be asking include: What role can boycotting play in creating a more sustainable palm oil industry? Beyond boycotts, how can consumers improve the sustainability of palm oil? How can companies engage with the concerns of their customers? What are companies doing about deforestation, biodiversity loss and treatment of workers in the palm oil supply chain? Updated at 12.48pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.21am EDT 10:21 Some reading to kick off the debate The Italians fighting against an 'invasion' of palm oil Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.21am EDT 10:21 The panel The full panel will be announced shortly. If you would like to be considered please email tess.riley@theguardian.com Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.21am EDT 10:21 Submit a question for the panel You can send questions in advance by emailing tess.riley@theguardian.com or tweeting @GuardianSustBiz using the hashtag #AskGSB Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.21am EDT 10:21 How to join in the discussion Make sure you’re a registered user of the Guardian and join us on Wednesday 5 April between 1-2pm (BST) in the comments section below, which will open on the day of the live chat. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close Topics Guardian sustainable business the palm oil debate Consumer affairs Consumer spending Conservation Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Guardian Sustainable Business › Deforestation back to top sustainable business US world science US politics business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Tremonton, UTAH Reason #16 Why Coordinating Your International Custom Blog-Content Creation and Reputation Management Needs to www.G3-Development.co Is Intelligent Tremonton, UT — (SBWIRE) — 03/30/2017 — Search engine optimization (SEO) is the process of affecting the visibility of a website or a web page in a search engine’s „natural” or un-paid („organic”) search results. In general, the earlier (or higher ranked on the search results page), and more frequently a site appears in the search results list, the more visitors it will receive from the search engine’s users. SEO may target different kinds of search, including image search, local search, video search, academic search, news search and industry-specific vertical search engines. As an Internet marketing strategy, SEO considers how search engines work, what people search for, the actual search terms or keywords typed into search engines and which search engines are preferred by their targeted audience. Optimizing a website may involve editing its content, HTML and associated coding to both increase its relevance to specific keywords and to remove barriers to the indexing activities of search engines. Promoting a site to increase the number of backlinks, or inbound links, is another SEO tactic. Webmasters and content providers began optimizing sites for search engines in the mid-1990s, as the first search engines were cataloging the early Web. Initially, all webmasters needed to do was to submit the address of a page, or URL, to the various engines which would send a „spider” to „crawl” that page, extract links to other pages from it, and return information found on the page to be indexed. The process involves a search engine spider downloading a page and storing it on the search engine’s own server, where a second program, known as an indexer, extracts various information about the page, such as the words it contains and where these are located, as well as any weight for specific words, and all links the page contains, which are then placed into a scheduler for crawling at a later date. Tremonton, UTAH Reason #16 Why Coordinating Your International Custom Blog-Content Creation and Reputation Management Needs to http://www.G3-Development.co/ is Intelligent By 2004, search engines had incorporated a wide range of undisclosed factors in their ranking algorithms to reduce the impact of link manipulation. In June 2007, The New York Times’ Saul Hansell stated Google ranks sites using more than 200 different signals. The leading search engines, Google, Bing, and Yahoo, do not disclose the algorithms they use to rank pages. Some SEO practitioners have studied different approaches to search engine optimization, and have shared their personal opinions.  Patents related to search engines can provide information to better understand search engines. In 2005, Google began personalizing search results for each user. Depending on their history of previous searches, Google crafted results for logged in users. In 2008, Bruce Clay said that „ranking is dead” because of personalized search. He opined that it would become meaningless to discuss how a website ranked, because its rank would potentially be different for each user and each search. In December 2009, Google announced it would be using the web search history of all its users in order to populate search results. Google Instant, real-time-search, was introduced in late 2010 in an attempt to make search results more timely and relevant. Historically site administrators have spent months or even years optimizing a website to increase search rankings. With the growth in popularity of social media sites and blogs the leading engines made changes to their algorithms to allow fresh content to rank quickly within the search results. In February 2011, Google announced the Panda update, which penalizes websites containing content duplicated from other websites and sources. Historically websites have copied content from one another and benefited in search engine rankings by engaging in this practice, however Google implemented a new system which punishes sites whose content is not unique.  In April 2012, Google launched the Google Penguin update the goal of which was to penalize websites that used manipulative techniques to improve their rankings on the search engine. Common Mistake #1:  Hiring the Wrong Coach – There are a lot of people tagging themselves as „Social Media Experts, Gurus or Certified Specialists.”  Most of the people making these claims are individuals/organizations who offer „basic Social Media skill sets and copy methodologies” which, in the end, will get  the wrong kind of connections, a lot of the wrong followers as well as a bad reputation in the marketplace.  Just like in the Indiana Jones movie, one needs to „choose wisely” or they will perish from a Social Media perspective. Communications is a system to leverage an organizations ability to connect with ones market; Social Media is „the new” communications system.  Communications is about reach.  Communicating is about relational dynamics between people.  Social Media provides the means to effectively communicate with ones market.  However, communicating in human rather than institutional terms.  If one is not communicating (listening first, initiating second) then, how in the world does one expect to create relationships with people and businesses that may want the value that one offers? Mission Statement: To proactively serve our business community by providing solutions in entrepreneurialism, business development, social media and venture capitalism. Vision Statement: To provide leadership in establishing strength with our client’s international businesses, being built on a foundation of innovation, advocacy, technology and business integrity. The Real Reasons Why To Use Social Media: 1. If ones business can’t be found — they are not engaging with the „True Market.” 2. Social Media (YouTube) is 64% more effective — than traditional advertising. 3. Ones „True Competition” — is guaranteed to be engaged in Social Media. 4. One will find customers — 15 times faster with Social Media. 5. One can reach the „True Market” — by simply engaging the right people. 6. By ignoring this Social Media Market, they are not creating opportunities – while the competition is. 7. Social Media saves massive amounts of time— if one uses it right. Site owners started to recognize the value of having their sites highly ranked and visible in search engine results, creating an opportunity for both white hat and black hat SEO practitioners. According to industry analyst Danny Sullivan, the phrase „search engine optimization” probably came into use in 1997. The first documented use of the term Search Engine Optimization was John Audette and his company Multimedia Marketing Group as documented by a web page from the MMG site from August, 1997. Early versions of search algorithms relied on webmaster-provided information such as the keyword meta tag, or index files in engines like ALIWEB. Meta tags provide a guide to each page’s content. Using meta data to index pages was found to be less than reliable, however, because the webmaster’s choice of keywords in the meta tag could potentially be an inaccurate representation of the site’s actual content. Inaccurate, incomplete, and inconsistent data in meta tags could and did cause pages to rank for irrelevant searches.  Web content providers also manipulated a number of attributes within the HTML source of a page in an attempt to rank well in search engines. ~If one thinks about „the real reason why”  they need to engage in Social Media, it all boils down to these basics: (a)   Forming the right relations and (b)   Doing so the right way ~Many business leaders are still at the fundamental stage of asking, „Why is Social Media important for my business?” ~This very question begs another question: „Have you been paying attention to the marketplace?” Ok, so, most people will answer these questions quite easily.  And here’s how it usually goes: „Yes, of course I’ve been paying attention to the marketplace and Social Media is obviously important because it seems to be everywhere one turns.  One is hearing about Social Media but still have the need to understand why  the businesses using it and why is it creating so much attention.”  The answer to „Why” is related to „How and What” a business does to engage in market relations with the aim of creating an opportunity for a business transaction.  Why do businesses exist?  Primarily to: (a) Create value and (b) Attract a market who wants the value proposition enough to engage. However, the „How” of doing this has dramatically changed in the last 2 years from „Push Marketing” to „Pull Marketing.”  This transformation has all happened via relevant and relative conversations that attract the market one will seek to the client. When people needed or wanted something in the old days, they’d look up information in the yellow pages.  Today, people turn to search engines to find what they want or need. Each day, on average, Google searches currently total over 400,000,000.  When people are looking to purchase something they want/need, more-and-more they’re going „on line” to find out what other people think or say about a certain product, service or brand.  The relevancy that influences people’s buying behavior is other people’s conversations.  That’s if they can find a conversation and if it provides the value that people are looking for.  If one can learn „how” to use social media correctly then they’ll understand „what” the market is looking for and „where” they are looking. To sum up: For many, the Web isn’t a place to look for information — it’s the only place. Key Points SEO: G3 Development provides search engine optimized articles once each week to literally ‚train’ the search engines to index content more frequently. In addition, our articles are optimized with keywords and customized links that help search engines measure relevance and connectivity with related sites. Localization: Localized searching is becoming more and more important as mobile devices and local networks leverage geo-tagging for prioritizing search results for consumers. Search engines now consider where the client is and provides search results based on the location. Considering this, G3 Development provides geo-centric keyword optimization to help distinguish content and take advantage of localized searching. Customization: Each article contains personalized content including names, contact information, and personal variables. In this way G3 provides customized content that has a unique profile, forcing search engines to consider each blog in the network as unique. Participants enjoy a customized experience and feel ‚ownership’ of the content, encouraging sharing and promotion. Social Media: Each article published by G3 Development contains sharing badges for the leading social networks, making our customized content as easy to share as a single click. Participants who have Facebook, Delicious, Digg, MySpace or Twitter accounts can share their articles with their friends easily and quickly. Readers can also share the articles, making them even more extensive and valuable. Participants with an aggressive social media plan can share their blog content knowing that the links in each article will bring readers back to their respective Home page. Compliance: G3’s articles are written by professionals, participants do not have to worry about compliance issues and enjoy a certain level of comfort in knowing that content that holds up to communication standards. Synergy: Because G3 publishes the same foundational article to each participant, the organization moves together as a whole with a common message and a consistent conversation. Group synergy can be achieved and synchronized for special events, new product releases, and special news stories, etc. Blogging: Participants have the option to blog their own content. This exciting opportunity allows achievers to set themselves apart and to extend their reach with personal stories and experiences. G3 Development provides complete access to the blog and video training content designed to introduce participants to blogging. Grow A Business With Localized Web Traffic From THEIR OWN Google-Friendly Blog Website! G3 Make’s It Easy… Google ranks websites based on the relevance, freshness, and content structure. G3 creates powerful custom content for the client that search engines LOVE based on important keywords about their business type and location. Then, G3 will merge that content with specific details the client’s have given them about The client themselves! The result…? A powerful web presence that helps propel the client to the top of search results! G3 Development Writes „Powerful Custom Content” Specific to THE CLIENT! G3 localize’s their content G3 includes relevant keywords and optimized links G3 Publishes  the Clients Content at the Right Frequency! Appeals to search engines like Google Search engines index the clients information SOONER G3 Creates and Manages the Tools For the Cleint! G3 provides the blog G3 provides the hosting As the cleints new blog site begins to fill with content, and they establish a web presence, search engines begin to notice, index, and list them in their results. This is often referred to as „Organic SEO”. The more custom content they have, the higher the site climbs in search results. If they’re new to blogging and web marketing, G3 understands. For the most part, they’ll take care of things for the client. However if they would like to get involved, G3 created an easy-to-follow instructions and a cool video library to help them become more familiar with their new blog site. G3 Development provides access to these resources once the client has established an account. About G3 Development G3 Development is set out to proactively serve the business community by providing solutions in entrepreneurialism, business development, social media and venture capitalism. To provide leadership in establishing strength with our client’s international businesses, being built on a foundation of innovation, advocacy, technology and business integrity. http://www.g3-development.co/ 877-229-9183 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Exhaust Gas Sensing Type Sensor Market 2017 Capacity, Production, Revenue, Export and Consumption Next PostNext Global New Energy Vehicle Lithium Ion Battery Market 2017 Capacity, Production, Revenue, Export and Consumption Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Tremonton, UTAH Reason #16 Why Coordinating Your International Custom Blog-Content Creation and Reputation Management Needs to www.G3-Development.co Is Intelligent Tremonton, UT — (SBWIRE) — 03/30/2017 — Search engine optimization (SEO) is the process of affecting the visibility of a website or a web page in a search engine’s „natural” or un-paid („organic”) search results. In general, the earlier (or higher ranked on the search results page), and more frequently a site appears in the search results list, the more visitors it will receive from the search engine’s users. SEO may target different kinds of search, including image search, local search, video search, academic search, news search and industry-specific vertical search engines. As an Internet marketing strategy, SEO considers how search engines work, what people search for, the actual search terms or keywords typed into search engines and which search engines are preferred by their targeted audience. Optimizing a website may involve editing its content, HTML and associated coding to both increase its relevance to specific keywords and to remove barriers to the indexing activities of search engines. Promoting a site to increase the number of backlinks, or inbound links, is another SEO tactic. Webmasters and content providers began optimizing sites for search engines in the mid-1990s, as the first search engines were cataloging the early Web. Initially, all webmasters needed to do was to submit the address of a page, or URL, to the various engines which would send a „spider” to „crawl” that page, extract links to other pages from it, and return information found on the page to be indexed. The process involves a search engine spider downloading a page and storing it on the search engine’s own server, where a second program, known as an indexer, extracts various information about the page, such as the words it contains and where these are located, as well as any weight for specific words, and all links the page contains, which are then placed into a scheduler for crawling at a later date. Tremonton, UTAH Reason #16 Why Coordinating Your International Custom Blog-Content Creation and Reputation Management Needs to http://www.G3-Development.co/ is Intelligent By 2004, search engines had incorporated a wide range of undisclosed factors in their ranking algorithms to reduce the impact of link manipulation. In June 2007, The New York Times’ Saul Hansell stated Google ranks sites using more than 200 different signals. The leading search engines, Google, Bing, and Yahoo, do not disclose the algorithms they use to rank pages. Some SEO practitioners have studied different approaches to search engine optimization, and have shared their personal opinions.  Patents related to search engines can provide information to better understand search engines. In 2005, Google began personalizing search results for each user. Depending on their history of previous searches, Google crafted results for logged in users. In 2008, Bruce Clay said that „ranking is dead” because of personalized search. He opined that it would become meaningless to discuss how a website ranked, because its rank would potentially be different for each user and each search. In December 2009, Google announced it would be using the web search history of all its users in order to populate search results. Google Instant, real-time-search, was introduced in late 2010 in an attempt to make search results more timely and relevant. Historically site administrators have spent months or even years optimizing a website to increase search rankings. With the growth in popularity of social media sites and blogs the leading engines made changes to their algorithms to allow fresh content to rank quickly within the search results. In February 2011, Google announced the Panda update, which penalizes websites containing content duplicated from other websites and sources. Historically websites have copied content from one another and benefited in search engine rankings by engaging in this practice, however Google implemented a new system which punishes sites whose content is not unique.  In April 2012, Google launched the Google Penguin update the goal of which was to penalize websites that used manipulative techniques to improve their rankings on the search engine. Common Mistake #1:  Hiring the Wrong Coach – There are a lot of people tagging themselves as „Social Media Experts, Gurus or Certified Specialists.”  Most of the people making these claims are individuals/organizations who offer „basic Social Media skill sets and copy methodologies” which, in the end, will get  the wrong kind of connections, a lot of the wrong followers as well as a bad reputation in the marketplace.  Just like in the Indiana Jones movie, one needs to „choose wisely” or they will perish from a Social Media perspective. Communications is a system to leverage an organizations ability to connect with ones market; Social Media is „the new” communications system.  Communications is about reach.  Communicating is about relational dynamics between people.  Social Media provides the means to effectively communicate with ones market.  However, communicating in human rather than institutional terms.  If one is not communicating (listening first, initiating second) then, how in the world does one expect to create relationships with people and businesses that may want the value that one offers? Mission Statement: To proactively serve our business community by providing solutions in entrepreneurialism, business development, social media and venture capitalism. Vision Statement: To provide leadership in establishing strength with our client’s international businesses, being built on a foundation of innovation, advocacy, technology and business integrity. The Real Reasons Why To Use Social Media: 1. If ones business can’t be found — they are not engaging with the „True Market.” 2. Social Media (YouTube) is 64% more effective — than traditional advertising. 3. Ones „True Competition” — is guaranteed to be engaged in Social Media. 4. One will find customers — 15 times faster with Social Media. 5. One can reach the „True Market” — by simply engaging the right people. 6. By ignoring this Social Media Market, they are not creating opportunities – while the competition is. 7. Social Media saves massive amounts of time— if one uses it right. Site owners started to recognize the value of having their sites highly ranked and visible in search engine results, creating an opportunity for both white hat and black hat SEO practitioners. According to industry analyst Danny Sullivan, the phrase „search engine optimization” probably came into use in 1997. The first documented use of the term Search Engine Optimization was John Audette and his company Multimedia Marketing Group as documented by a web page from the MMG site from August, 1997. Early versions of search algorithms relied on webmaster-provided information such as the keyword meta tag, or index files in engines like ALIWEB. Meta tags provide a guide to each page’s content. Using meta data to index pages was found to be less than reliable, however, because the webmaster’s choice of keywords in the meta tag could potentially be an inaccurate representation of the site’s actual content. Inaccurate, incomplete, and inconsistent data in meta tags could and did cause pages to rank for irrelevant searches.  Web content providers also manipulated a number of attributes within the HTML source of a page in an attempt to rank well in search engines. ~If one thinks about „the real reason why”  they need to engage in Social Media, it all boils down to these basics: (a)   Forming the right relations and (b)   Doing so the right way ~Many business leaders are still at the fundamental stage of asking, „Why is Social Media important for my business?” ~This very question begs another question: „Have you been paying attention to the marketplace?” Ok, so, most people will answer these questions quite easily.  And here’s how it usually goes: „Yes, of course I’ve been paying attention to the marketplace and Social Media is obviously important because it seems to be everywhere one turns.  One is hearing about Social Media but still have the need to understand why  the businesses using it and why is it creating so much attention.”  The answer to „Why” is related to „How and What” a business does to engage in market relations with the aim of creating an opportunity for a business transaction.  Why do businesses exist?  Primarily to: (a) Create value and (b) Attract a market who wants the value proposition enough to engage. However, the „How” of doing this has dramatically changed in the last 2 years from „Push Marketing” to „Pull Marketing.”  This transformation has all happened via relevant and relative conversations that attract the market one will seek to the client. When people needed or wanted something in the old days, they’d look up information in the yellow pages.  Today, people turn to search engines to find what they want or need. Each day, on average, Google searches currently total over 400,000,000.  When people are looking to purchase something they want/need, more-and-more they’re going „on line” to find out what other people think or say about a certain product, service or brand.  The relevancy that influences people’s buying behavior is other people’s conversations.  That’s if they can find a conversation and if it provides the value that people are looking for.  If one can learn „how” to use social media correctly then they’ll understand „what” the market is looking for and „where” they are looking. To sum up: For many, the Web isn’t a place to look for information — it’s the only place. Key Points SEO: G3 Development provides search engine optimized articles once each week to literally ‚train’ the search engines to index content more frequently. In addition, our articles are optimized with keywords and customized links that help search engines measure relevance and connectivity with related sites. Localization: Localized searching is becoming more and more important as mobile devices and local networks leverage geo-tagging for prioritizing search results for consumers. Search engines now consider where the client is and provides search results based on the location. Considering this, G3 Development provides geo-centric keyword optimization to help distinguish content and take advantage of localized searching. Customization: Each article contains personalized content including names, contact information, and personal variables. In this way G3 provides customized content that has a unique profile, forcing search engines to consider each blog in the network as unique. Participants enjoy a customized experience and feel ‚ownership’ of the content, encouraging sharing and promotion. Social Media: Each article published by G3 Development contains sharing badges for the leading social networks, making our customized content as easy to share as a single click. Participants who have Facebook, Delicious, Digg, MySpace or Twitter accounts can share their articles with their friends easily and quickly. Readers can also share the articles, making them even more extensive and valuable. Participants with an aggressive social media plan can share their blog content knowing that the links in each article will bring readers back to their respective Home page. Compliance: G3’s articles are written by professionals, participants do not have to worry about compliance issues and enjoy a certain level of comfort in knowing that content that holds up to communication standards. Synergy: Because G3 publishes the same foundational article to each participant, the organization moves together as a whole with a common message and a consistent conversation. Group synergy can be achieved and synchronized for special events, new product releases, and special news stories, etc. Blogging: Participants have the option to blog their own content. This exciting opportunity allows achievers to set themselves apart and to extend their reach with personal stories and experiences. G3 Development provides complete access to the blog and video training content designed to introduce participants to blogging. Grow A Business With Localized Web Traffic From THEIR OWN Google-Friendly Blog Website! G3 Make’s It Easy… Google ranks websites based on the relevance, freshness, and content structure. G3 creates powerful custom content for the client that search engines LOVE based on important keywords about their business type and location. Then, G3 will merge that content with specific details the client’s have given them about The client themselves! The result…? A powerful web presence that helps propel the client to the top of search results! G3 Development Writes „Powerful Custom Content” Specific to THE CLIENT! G3 localize’s their content G3 includes relevant keywords and optimized links G3 Publishes  the Clients Content at the Right Frequency! Appeals to search engines like Google Search engines index the clients information SOONER G3 Creates and Manages the Tools For the Cleint! G3 provides the blog G3 provides the hosting As the cleints new blog site begins to fill with content, and they establish a web presence, search engines begin to notice, index, and list them in their results. This is often referred to as „Organic SEO”. The more custom content they have, the higher the site climbs in search results. If they’re new to blogging and web marketing, G3 understands. For the most part, they’ll take care of things for the client. However if they would like to get involved, G3 created an easy-to-follow instructions and a cool video library to help them become more familiar with their new blog site. G3 Development provides access to these resources once the client has established an account. About G3 Development G3 Development is set out to proactively serve the business community by providing solutions in entrepreneurialism, business development, social media and venture capitalism. To provide leadership in establishing strength with our client’s international businesses, being built on a foundation of innovation, advocacy, technology and business integrity. http://www.g3-development.co/ 877-229-9183 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Exhaust Gas Sensing Type Sensor Market 2017 Capacity, Production, Revenue, Export and Consumption Next PostNext Global New Energy Vehicle Lithium Ion Battery Market 2017 Capacity, Production, Revenue, Export and Consumption Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Trenton New Jersey Reason #15 Why Outsourcing Your Nationwide Reputation-Management Needs and Custom Blog Content Creation to www.G3-Development.co Is Necessary Trenton, NJ — (SBWIRE) — 03/30/2017 — Search engine optimization (SEO) is the process of affecting the visibility of a website or a web page in a search engine’s „natural” or un-paid („organic”) search results. In general, the earlier (or higher ranked on the search results page), and more frequently a site appears in the search results list, the more visitors it will receive from the search engine’s users. SEO may target different kinds of search, including image search, local search, video search, academic search, news search and industry-specific vertical search engines. As an Internet marketing strategy, SEO considers how search engines work, what people search for, the actual search terms or keywords typed into search engines and which search engines are preferred by their targeted audience. Optimizing a website may involve editing its content, HTML and associated coding to both increase its relevance to specific keywords and to remove barriers to the indexing activities of search engines. Promoting a site to increase the number of backlinks, or inbound links, is another SEO tactic. Webmasters and content providers began optimizing sites for search engines in the mid-1990s, as the first search engines were cataloging the early Web. Initially, all webmasters needed to do was to submit the address of a page, or URL, to the various engines which would send a „spider” to „crawl” that page, extract links to other pages from it, and return information found on the page to be indexed. The process involves a search engine spider downloading a page and storing it on the search engine’s own server, where a second program, known as an indexer, extracts various information about the page, such as the words it contains and where these are located, as well as any weight for specific words, and all links the page contains, which are then placed into a scheduler for crawling at a later date. Trenton New Jersey Reason #15 Why Outsourcing Your Nationwide Reputation-Management Needs and Custom Blog Content Creation to http://www.G3-Development.co/ is Necessary By 2004, search engines had incorporated a wide range of undisclosed factors in their ranking algorithms to reduce the impact of link manipulation. In June 2007, The New York Times’ Saul Hansell stated Google ranks sites using more than 200 different signals. The leading search engines, Google, Bing, and Yahoo, do not disclose the algorithms they use to rank pages. Some SEO practitioners have studied different approaches to search engine optimization, and have shared their personal opinions.  Patents related to search engines can provide information to better understand search engines. In 2005, Google began personalizing search results for each user. Depending on their history of previous searches, Google crafted results for logged in users. In 2008, Bruce Clay said that „ranking is dead” because of personalized search. He opined that it would become meaningless to discuss how a website ranked, because its rank would potentially be different for each user and each search. In December 2009, Google announced it would be using the web search history of all its users in order to populate search results. Google Instant, real-time-search, was introduced in late 2010 in an attempt to make search results more timely and relevant. Historically site administrators have spent months or even years optimizing a website to increase search rankings. With the growth in popularity of social media sites and blogs the leading engines made changes to their algorithms to allow fresh content to rank quickly within the search results. In February 2011, Google announced the Panda update, which penalizes websites containing content duplicated from other websites and sources. Historically websites have copied content from one another and benefited in search engine rankings by engaging in this practice, however Google implemented a new system which punishes sites whose content is not unique.  In April 2012, Google launched the Google Penguin update the goal of which was to penalize websites that used manipulative techniques to improve their rankings on the search engine. Common Mistake #1:  Hiring the Wrong Coach – There are a lot of people tagging themselves as „Social Media Experts, Gurus or Certified Specialists.”  Most of the people making these claims are individuals/organizations who offer „basic Social Media skill sets and copy methodologies” which, in the end, will get  the wrong kind of connections, a lot of the wrong followers as well as a bad reputation in the marketplace.  Just like in the Indiana Jones movie, one needs to „choose wisely” or they will perish from a Social Media perspective. Communications is a system to leverage an organizations ability to connect with ones market; Social Media is „the new” communications system.  Communications is about reach.  Communicating is about relational dynamics between people.  Social Media provides the means to effectively communicate with ones market.  However, communicating in human rather than institutional terms.  If one is not communicating (listening first, initiating second) then, how in the world does one expect to create relationships with people and businesses that may want the value that one offers? Mission Statement: To proactively serve our business community by providing solutions in entrepreneurialism, business development, social media and venture capitalism. Vision Statement: To provide leadership in establishing strength with our client’s international businesses, being built on a foundation of innovation, advocacy, technology and business integrity. The Real Reasons Why To Use Social Media: 1. If ones business can’t be found — they are not engaging with the „True Market.” 2. Social Media (YouTube) is 64% more effective — than traditional advertising. 3. Ones „True Competition” — is guaranteed to be engaged in Social Media. 4. One will find customers — 15 times faster with Social Media. 5. One can reach the „True Market” — by simply engaging the right people. 6. By ignoring this Social Media Market, they are not creating opportunities – while the competition is. 7. Social Media saves massive amounts of time— if one uses it right. Site owners started to recognize the value of having their sites highly ranked and visible in search engine results, creating an opportunity for both white hat and black hat SEO practitioners. According to industry analyst Danny Sullivan, the phrase „search engine optimization” probably came into use in 1997. The first documented use of the term Search Engine Optimization was John Audette and his company Multimedia Marketing Group as documented by a web page from the MMG site from August, 1997. Early versions of search algorithms relied on webmaster-provided information such as the keyword meta tag, or index files in engines like ALIWEB. Meta tags provide a guide to each page’s content. Using meta data to index pages was found to be less than reliable, however, because the webmaster’s choice of keywords in the meta tag could potentially be an inaccurate representation of the site’s actual content. Inaccurate, incomplete, and inconsistent data in meta tags could and did cause pages to rank for irrelevant searches.  Web content providers also manipulated a number of attributes within the HTML source of a page in an attempt to rank well in search engines. ~If one thinks about „the real reason why”  they need to engage in Social Media, it all boils down to these basics: (a)   Forming the right relations and (b)   Doing so the right way ~Many business leaders are still at the fundamental stage of asking, „Why is Social Media important for my business?” ~This very question begs another question: „Have you been paying attention to the marketplace?” Ok, so, most people will answer these questions quite easily.  And here’s how it usually goes: „Yes, of course I’ve been paying attention to the marketplace and Social Media is obviously important because it seems to be everywhere one turns.  One is hearing about Social Media but still have the need to understand why  the businesses using it and why is it creating so much attention.”  The answer to „Why” is related to „How and What” a business does to engage in market relations with the aim of creating an opportunity for a business transaction.  Why do businesses exist?  Primarily to: (a) Create value and (b) Attract a market who wants the value proposition enough to engage. However, the „How” of doing this has dramatically changed in the last 2 years from „Push Marketing” to „Pull Marketing.”  This transformation has all happened via relevant and relative conversations that attract the market one will seek to the client. When people needed or wanted something in the old days, they’d look up information in the yellow pages.  Today, people turn to search engines to find what they want or need. Each day, on average, Google searches currently total over 400,000,000.  When people are looking to purchase something they want/need, more-and-more they’re going „on line” to find out what other people think or say about a certain product, service or brand.  The relevancy that influences people’s buying behavior is other people’s conversations.  That’s if they can find a conversation and if it provides the value that people are looking for.  If one can learn „how” to use social media correctly then they’ll understand „what” the market is looking for and „where” they are looking. Key Points SEO: G3 Development provides search engine optimized articles once each week to literally ‚train’ the search engines to index content more frequently. In addition, our articles are optimized with keywords and customized links that help search engines measure relevance and connectivity with related sites. Localization: Localized searching is becoming more and more important as mobile devices and local networks leverage geo-tagging for prioritizing search results for consumers. Search engines now consider where the client is and provides search results based on the location. Considering this, G3 Development provides geo-centric keyword optimization to help distinguish content and take advantage of localized searching. Customization: Each article contains personalized content including names, contact information, and personal variables. In this way G3 provides customized content that has a unique profile, forcing search engines to consider each blog in the network as unique. Participants enjoy a customized experience and feel ‚ownership’ of the content, encouraging sharing and promotion. Social Media: Each article published by G3 Development contains sharing badges for the leading social networks, making our customized content as easy to share as a single click. Participants who have Facebook, Delicious, Digg, MySpace or Twitter accounts can share their articles with their friends easily and quickly. Readers can also share the articles, making them even more extensive and valuable. Participants with an aggressive social media plan can share their blog content knowing that the links in each article will bring readers back to their respective Home page. Compliance: G3’s articles are written by professionals, participants do not have to worry about compliance issues and enjoy a certain level of comfort in knowing that content that holds up to communication standards. Synergy: Because G3 publishes the same foundational article to each participant, the organization moves together as a whole with a common message and a consistent conversation. Group synergy can be achieved and synchronized for special events, new product releases, and special news stories, etc. Blogging: Participants have the option to blog their own content. This exciting opportunity allows achievers to set themselves apart and to extend their reach with personal stories and experiences. G3 Development provides complete access to the blog and video training content designed to introduce participants to blogging. About G3 Development G3 Development is set out to proactively serve the business community by providing solutions in entrepreneurialism, business development, social media and venture capitalism. To provide leadership in establishing strength with our client’s international businesses, being built on a foundation of innovation, advocacy, technology and business integrity. http://www.g3-development.co/ 877-229-9183 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Window Regulator Market 2017 Capacity, Production, Revenue, Export and Consumption Next PostNext Immune Therapeutics, Inc. (IMUN: OTCQB) | Immune Therapeutics, Inc. Announces Expansion of Patent Portfolio Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Trenton New Jersey Reason #15 Why Outsourcing Your Nationwide Reputation-Management Needs and Custom Blog Content Creation to www.G3-Development.co Is Necessary Trenton, NJ — (SBWIRE) — 03/30/2017 — Search engine optimization (SEO) is the process of affecting the visibility of a website or a web page in a search engine’s „natural” or un-paid („organic”) search results. In general, the earlier (or higher ranked on the search results page), and more frequently a site appears in the search results list, the more visitors it will receive from the search engine’s users. SEO may target different kinds of search, including image search, local search, video search, academic search, news search and industry-specific vertical search engines. As an Internet marketing strategy, SEO considers how search engines work, what people search for, the actual search terms or keywords typed into search engines and which search engines are preferred by their targeted audience. Optimizing a website may involve editing its content, HTML and associated coding to both increase its relevance to specific keywords and to remove barriers to the indexing activities of search engines. Promoting a site to increase the number of backlinks, or inbound links, is another SEO tactic. Webmasters and content providers began optimizing sites for search engines in the mid-1990s, as the first search engines were cataloging the early Web. Initially, all webmasters needed to do was to submit the address of a page, or URL, to the various engines which would send a „spider” to „crawl” that page, extract links to other pages from it, and return information found on the page to be indexed. The process involves a search engine spider downloading a page and storing it on the search engine’s own server, where a second program, known as an indexer, extracts various information about the page, such as the words it contains and where these are located, as well as any weight for specific words, and all links the page contains, which are then placed into a scheduler for crawling at a later date. Trenton New Jersey Reason #15 Why Outsourcing Your Nationwide Reputation-Management Needs and Custom Blog Content Creation to http://www.G3-Development.co/ is Necessary By 2004, search engines had incorporated a wide range of undisclosed factors in their ranking algorithms to reduce the impact of link manipulation. In June 2007, The New York Times’ Saul Hansell stated Google ranks sites using more than 200 different signals. The leading search engines, Google, Bing, and Yahoo, do not disclose the algorithms they use to rank pages. Some SEO practitioners have studied different approaches to search engine optimization, and have shared their personal opinions.  Patents related to search engines can provide information to better understand search engines. In 2005, Google began personalizing search results for each user. Depending on their history of previous searches, Google crafted results for logged in users. In 2008, Bruce Clay said that „ranking is dead” because of personalized search. He opined that it would become meaningless to discuss how a website ranked, because its rank would potentially be different for each user and each search. In December 2009, Google announced it would be using the web search history of all its users in order to populate search results. Google Instant, real-time-search, was introduced in late 2010 in an attempt to make search results more timely and relevant. Historically site administrators have spent months or even years optimizing a website to increase search rankings. With the growth in popularity of social media sites and blogs the leading engines made changes to their algorithms to allow fresh content to rank quickly within the search results. In February 2011, Google announced the Panda update, which penalizes websites containing content duplicated from other websites and sources. Historically websites have copied content from one another and benefited in search engine rankings by engaging in this practice, however Google implemented a new system which punishes sites whose content is not unique.  In April 2012, Google launched the Google Penguin update the goal of which was to penalize websites that used manipulative techniques to improve their rankings on the search engine. Common Mistake #1:  Hiring the Wrong Coach – There are a lot of people tagging themselves as „Social Media Experts, Gurus or Certified Specialists.”  Most of the people making these claims are individuals/organizations who offer „basic Social Media skill sets and copy methodologies” which, in the end, will get  the wrong kind of connections, a lot of the wrong followers as well as a bad reputation in the marketplace.  Just like in the Indiana Jones movie, one needs to „choose wisely” or they will perish from a Social Media perspective. Communications is a system to leverage an organizations ability to connect with ones market; Social Media is „the new” communications system.  Communications is about reach.  Communicating is about relational dynamics between people.  Social Media provides the means to effectively communicate with ones market.  However, communicating in human rather than institutional terms.  If one is not communicating (listening first, initiating second) then, how in the world does one expect to create relationships with people and businesses that may want the value that one offers? Mission Statement: To proactively serve our business community by providing solutions in entrepreneurialism, business development, social media and venture capitalism. Vision Statement: To provide leadership in establishing strength with our client’s international businesses, being built on a foundation of innovation, advocacy, technology and business integrity. The Real Reasons Why To Use Social Media: 1. If ones business can’t be found — they are not engaging with the „True Market.” 2. Social Media (YouTube) is 64% more effective — than traditional advertising. 3. Ones „True Competition” — is guaranteed to be engaged in Social Media. 4. One will find customers — 15 times faster with Social Media. 5. One can reach the „True Market” — by simply engaging the right people. 6. By ignoring this Social Media Market, they are not creating opportunities – while the competition is. 7. Social Media saves massive amounts of time— if one uses it right. Site owners started to recognize the value of having their sites highly ranked and visible in search engine results, creating an opportunity for both white hat and black hat SEO practitioners. According to industry analyst Danny Sullivan, the phrase „search engine optimization” probably came into use in 1997. The first documented use of the term Search Engine Optimization was John Audette and his company Multimedia Marketing Group as documented by a web page from the MMG site from August, 1997. Early versions of search algorithms relied on webmaster-provided information such as the keyword meta tag, or index files in engines like ALIWEB. Meta tags provide a guide to each page’s content. Using meta data to index pages was found to be less than reliable, however, because the webmaster’s choice of keywords in the meta tag could potentially be an inaccurate representation of the site’s actual content. Inaccurate, incomplete, and inconsistent data in meta tags could and did cause pages to rank for irrelevant searches.  Web content providers also manipulated a number of attributes within the HTML source of a page in an attempt to rank well in search engines. ~If one thinks about „the real reason why”  they need to engage in Social Media, it all boils down to these basics: (a)   Forming the right relations and (b)   Doing so the right way ~Many business leaders are still at the fundamental stage of asking, „Why is Social Media important for my business?” ~This very question begs another question: „Have you been paying attention to the marketplace?” Ok, so, most people will answer these questions quite easily.  And here’s how it usually goes: „Yes, of course I’ve been paying attention to the marketplace and Social Media is obviously important because it seems to be everywhere one turns.  One is hearing about Social Media but still have the need to understand why  the businesses using it and why is it creating so much attention.”  The answer to „Why” is related to „How and What” a business does to engage in market relations with the aim of creating an opportunity for a business transaction.  Why do businesses exist?  Primarily to: (a) Create value and (b) Attract a market who wants the value proposition enough to engage. However, the „How” of doing this has dramatically changed in the last 2 years from „Push Marketing” to „Pull Marketing.”  This transformation has all happened via relevant and relative conversations that attract the market one will seek to the client. When people needed or wanted something in the old days, they’d look up information in the yellow pages.  Today, people turn to search engines to find what they want or need. Each day, on average, Google searches currently total over 400,000,000.  When people are looking to purchase something they want/need, more-and-more they’re going „on line” to find out what other people think or say about a certain product, service or brand.  The relevancy that influences people’s buying behavior is other people’s conversations.  That’s if they can find a conversation and if it provides the value that people are looking for.  If one can learn „how” to use social media correctly then they’ll understand „what” the market is looking for and „where” they are looking. Key Points SEO: G3 Development provides search engine optimized articles once each week to literally ‚train’ the search engines to index content more frequently. In addition, our articles are optimized with keywords and customized links that help search engines measure relevance and connectivity with related sites. Localization: Localized searching is becoming more and more important as mobile devices and local networks leverage geo-tagging for prioritizing search results for consumers. Search engines now consider where the client is and provides search results based on the location. Considering this, G3 Development provides geo-centric keyword optimization to help distinguish content and take advantage of localized searching. Customization: Each article contains personalized content including names, contact information, and personal variables. In this way G3 provides customized content that has a unique profile, forcing search engines to consider each blog in the network as unique. Participants enjoy a customized experience and feel ‚ownership’ of the content, encouraging sharing and promotion. Social Media: Each article published by G3 Development contains sharing badges for the leading social networks, making our customized content as easy to share as a single click. Participants who have Facebook, Delicious, Digg, MySpace or Twitter accounts can share their articles with their friends easily and quickly. Readers can also share the articles, making them even more extensive and valuable. Participants with an aggressive social media plan can share their blog content knowing that the links in each article will bring readers back to their respective Home page. Compliance: G3’s articles are written by professionals, participants do not have to worry about compliance issues and enjoy a certain level of comfort in knowing that content that holds up to communication standards. Synergy: Because G3 publishes the same foundational article to each participant, the organization moves together as a whole with a common message and a consistent conversation. Group synergy can be achieved and synchronized for special events, new product releases, and special news stories, etc. Blogging: Participants have the option to blog their own content. This exciting opportunity allows achievers to set themselves apart and to extend their reach with personal stories and experiences. G3 Development provides complete access to the blog and video training content designed to introduce participants to blogging. About G3 Development G3 Development is set out to proactively serve the business community by providing solutions in entrepreneurialism, business development, social media and venture capitalism. To provide leadership in establishing strength with our client’s international businesses, being built on a foundation of innovation, advocacy, technology and business integrity. http://www.g3-development.co/ 877-229-9183 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Window Regulator Market 2017 Capacity, Production, Revenue, Export and Consumption Next PostNext Immune Therapeutics, Inc. (IMUN: OTCQB) | Immune Therapeutics, Inc. Announces Expansion of Patent Portfolio Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation World Elections Photos News Republicans in Congress just voted to allow ISPs to sell your internet data – what’s that mean for you? THURSDAY, MARCH 30, 2017, 6:45 A.M. By Jonathan Glover jonathang@spokesman.com(509) 459-5013 Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS On Tuesday, House Republicans joined the Senate in undoing rules that keep internet service providers from selling your personal online data – a landmark victory for telecommunications agencies. In a mostly party-line vote of 215 to 205, they repealed Federal Communications Commission rules created in the waning moments of Barack Obama’s presidency in October that were set to go into effect later this year. Those rules barred ISPs – such as Comcast, Charter, AT&T and CenturyLink – from selling browsing history, location data, shopping habits and other information without user’s permission, similar to how Facebook and Google collect and build data profiles that they sell to advertisers. The repeal also prohibits the FCC from enacting similar laws in the future. All that’s left before ISPs can theoretically start collecting data is a signature from President Donald Trump – which is expected to come in the near future. For the average resident in the Inland Northwest, what does this mean and how does it affect you? Internet Privacy 101 Odds are, if you use Facebook or Google – companies that are not regulated by the FCC – your online data is already being collected and sold. Ever wonder why a recent search on Amazon results in an advertisement of that product on your Facebook page or Instagram account? That’s because by using these products and agreeing to the terms of service, you’re also agreeing to allow them access to some of your data – shopping habits, what you’re searching on Google, the friends you’re stalking on Facebook, etc. Users who are against this practice can simply opt out by not using the product or visiting the website, explained Elizabeth Blanks Hindman, an associate professor of media law at Washington State University in Pullman. But with ISPs, there’s no way to “opt out” in the traditional sense, since most people connect to the internet through them, which is why some online consumer activists are upset, Blanks Hindman said. And simply opening a web browser in private mode won’t hide your activity, some blogs say. “If Google or Facebook knows what I do on Google or Facebook, they don’t know what I do on my work email,” she said. “Whereas an ISP is going to be able to sell all of my information to somebody.” Tom Wheeler, who was the chairman of the FCC from 2013 to 2017, also took issue with the repeal and lambasted it in a New York Times column that ran Thursday. “Here’s one perverse result of this action,” he wrote. “When you make a voice call on your smartphone, the information is protected: Your phone company can’t sell the fact that you are calling car dealerships to others who want to sell you a car. But if the same device and the same network are used to contact car dealers through the internet, that information – the same information, in fact – can be captured and sold by the network.” In an article on Vox, technology and economics writer Timothy Lee wrote that “ISPs could have a unique advantage in this market” because they monitor all of the websites their customers visit, not just the ones in a company’s ad network. “If you visit a lot of travel sites, for example, your ISP might have software that tells ad networks to show you more ads for airline flights or hotel rooms,” Lee wrote. Lee noted the FCC already featured an “opt-in” rule that allowed ISPs to collect data if consumers explicitly signed up, but if Trump signs the bill, “ISPs could potentially start sharing customer information by default, with the only notification being some boilerplate buried in the terms of service that few customers ever read,” he wrote. How does this affect me? In a statement released after the vote by USTelecom – the nation’s leading telecommunications trade association – CEO Jonathan Spalter praised the decision Congress made, saying it was “another step to remove unnecessary rules and regulations that handicap economic growth and innovation.” “Consumers can rest easy today knowing their privacy is protected under existing FCC authority, which requires companies to keep consumers’ data safe,” he said. But that doesn’t have some Washington state lawmakers convinced. A day after news of the House’s vote came down, U.S. Sen. Maria Cantwell, who voted against the repeal, tweeted “Republicans want to allow ISPs to sell off your private data & personal info to the highest bidder, and it’s wrong.” She also linked to an editorial in the Walla Walla Union-Bulletin newspaper that called for more privacy laws rather than eliminating them. Meanwhile, U.S. Reps. Cathy McMorris Rodgers and Raul Labrador voted in favor of the repeal. McMorris Rodgers said privacy protections remain in place. “Those concerned about their privacy can rest assured knowing that consumer privacy protections are still in place. The vote we took yesterday, and one that I support, is to repeal the Federal Communications Commission rules that overturned the Federal Trade Commission’s longstanding, successful framework for protecting consumer privacy,” she said in a statement released by her office. “The vote by Congress reaffirms the FTC’s role as the primary regulator, and maintains the long-established framework for regulating Internet Service Providers and protecting customers’ personal network information.” In Spokane County, the two largest ISPs are CenturyLink and Comcast, according to www.highspeedinternet.com. Comcast provides service to about 100,000 homes in Spokane County, according to numbers provided by Walter Neary, Comcast’s Washington market senior communication director. Comcast also contributed about $7 million in campaign contributions and spent another $14 million in lobbying last year, according to www.opensecrets.org. In Idaho, the largest ISPs are Frontier and Time Warner Spectrum. CenturyLink declined to comment, and instead linked to a privacy policy overview on the company’s website. Under the banner “What information does CenturyLink have?” the company admitted to looking at specific websites being visited and types of applications being used in order to “check for viruses, to control spam, to prevent attacks that might disable our services.” Under “How does CenturyLink use customer information?” the company also noted it “may use customer information to provide our services and keep you informed of changes to them, to market our services and sometimes those of others.” Comcast had a similar privacy statement. Time Warner Spectrum and Frontier also had similar terms of service, and all three denied requests for comment. What can I do to avoid data collection? Avoiding a company or website is easy. But avoiding connecting to the internet altogether is tricky. On Reddit and other forums, message boards and blogs, one of the top recommendations for people wishing to avoid having their data collected is to set up a Virtual Private Network – or VPN. A VPN, as Blanks Hindman puts it, is a way for users to mask their online identity by essentially connecting to a virtualized extension of a private network. “The best example I can give is my daughter who studied abroad in China,” she said. “In China there’s pretty clear restrictions on internet use – they block a lot of sites. What my daughter would do is, she would be on a computer in China and she would ‘VPN’ into her college website. It looked like she was in the United States and she could access a lot of sites even though she was in China.” While it sounds complicated, there are multiple how-tos and guides that have popped up in wake of the vote with step-by-step directions. However, most premium VPNs cost money and the whole process does have a learning curve. But, “there’s no other way around it,” Blanks Hindman said. “If you’re upset about Google … knowing everything you do, you use one of the others. You can go somewhere else. But it’s really hard to get another internet service provider. It’s complicated.” Published: March 30, 2017, 6:45 a.m.  Tags: business, Congress, data, internet, Technology Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us 25+ Best Android Apps [April 2017] +5,292 Joe Fedewa Mar 30th, 2017 A lot of apps are released in the span of one month. It can be near impossible to keep track of them all. In order to help you find only the best apps that have been released in the last month, we have assembled this list. Below you will find the best apps (and biggest updates) from the last month. Check it out and see what apps you missed! New Android Apps Calculator Quick Tile Calculator Quick Tile does exactly what you would expect. It adds a tile in the Quick Settings for direct access to a pop-up calculator. The calculator can be launched anywhere you can pull down the notification shade. It floats over the top of whatever you’re doing. Citizen Citizen helps you stay safe by sending you alerts of nearby emergencies and incidents. Think of it like your own personal Batman, letting you know when bad things are happening. The app only works in New York City right now, but you can download it and request access in your city. Focus Timer Reborn This is a timer app for your work life. It allows you to break your working sessions into breaks and work. Work for a configured time and then take a quick break to stay fresh and motivated. Stay focused and use the Focus Timer Reborn for learning, work, and training sessions. Google Family Link The Family Link app from Google helps you stay in the loop as your kid (13 and under) explores on their Android device. Family Link lets you create a Google Account for your kid that’s like your account, while also helping you set certain digital ground rules for your family. GrammarPal GrammarPal checks your texts for grammatical errors. Unlike the spell checker that’s built into your phone, this app aims to also find all other kinds of grammatical errors. Be it spelling, style or any other form of error, GrammarPal helps you find and fix them. Hangouts Meet Hangouts Meet is Google’s new Slack competitor. This new app has been live for a few weeks, but is now making its way to more G Suite users, and allows for up to 30 members in the video call at one time, regardless of whether you’re on a computer or your mobile device. IQBoxy IQBoxy is an expense management app for your business. It has fast OCR (optical character recognition) technology to digitize your documents in real-time and machine learning with automation to save you time and money bookkeeping. No man behind the curtain like other apps. Libby Did you know your local library has thousands of ebooks and audiobooks? You can borrow them, instantly, for free, using the device in your pocket. All you need is a valid library card (which is also free). Libby has a built-in ebook reader and a beautiful audiobook player. Meteor Meteor is the first speed test app for regular people, not just network engineers. Meteor will not only test your app speed, but also tell you what experience you can expect while using popular apps given their connection requirements. Meteor gives an easy to use score in addition to numerical results. My Cloud Radio for SoundCloud My Cloud Radio is a SongCloud app for Android Tv and Android Auto. It has top tracks, stations, charts, and genres. Play SoundCloud on devices without the official SoundCloud app. noHeadsUp noHeadsUp will disable all heads-up notification popups on your phone with one tap. Heads-up notifications are the ones that pop up at the top of the screen on top of whatever you’re doing. This app is an updated version for Android 7.0 and above. Oversec Oversec transparently encrypts and decrypts any text in any app. You can use it to exchange private encrypted and covert chat- or email messages or store your own encrypted notes on your phone. Oversec is completely agnostic of the subjacent app. Personal Shopping Assistant This shopping app from Microsoft automatically remembers all the products you shop for on the web, on your PC or Mac and now on the phone. This is a companion app to the assistant on the browser on your PC or Mac. Sign in to the app and see all the products you shopped for on your computer. Supersonic Supersonic is a messenger that allows you to send live voice messages. Messages are converted to text so your friends can read them if they can’t listen. Messages disappear after they’ve been heard. You can voice in one-on-one or group chats. Switch Parental Controls Nintendo Switch Parental Controls is a free app to keep you engaged with your family’s gaming activities on the Switch. Set a play-time limit and the console will notify users that the time limit has been reached. The summary function allows you to easily see what games have been played on the console recently and how much time was spent playing each day. Tucano for Twitter Tucano is a brand new 3rd-party Twiter app. Using material design, the app brings a very comfortable and customizable interface. It also provides unique features currently not available on other apps like profile stats, profile notes, real time view for interactions, and favorite users fixed on the top for quick access. Wallet Hub WalletHub is an app that offers 100% free credit scores and full credit reports updated daily. Sign up now and reach top WalletFitness with this award-winning app. Customized credit improvement tips, free TransUnion credit reports, updated daily, and free 24/7 credit monitoring to warn you of identity theft and fraud. Winnie Parenting Winnie is a place for parents to find and share information. Whether you want to ask for advice, find new things to do with your kids, or just get to the nearest changing table in a hurry. Immediately join a helpful community of moms & dads. No more waiting for invites to exclusive groups. Weekly App Round-up Android App Updates Google Duo gets audio calling One of the big complaints about Google Duo at launch was the lack of audio-only calls. Video calling is great, but there are many situations when video isn’t needed.Last week, Google rolled out audio calls in Brazil, but now the feature is rolling out worldwide. FB Messenger can share location & stories Facebook Messenger got a couple of big features this month. You can share “Stories” just like in Snapchat and Instagram (which FB also owns). Every app has stories now. A more useful feature is the ability to share your live location. You can show your friends exactly where you are on a map. Forums for Android We completely revamped our Forums app to go with the redesigned AndroidForums.com. When you install the app, it automatically detects your phone, carrier, and all the installed apps and games. Everything that you might care about is right there for you. Best of the Best The Google Play Store has hundreds of thousands of apps to choose from. This list only scratches the surface. We’ve published numerous “Best Apps” lists for everything from dating to education. Check out the lists below to explore even more! 100 Best Android Apps Best Android Apps for learning languages Best Android apps for college students Best Android dating apps Reader-voted best apps local_offer    Best Apps of the Month   Best of Phandroid   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (0) stars Further Reading Best Wallpaper Apps #1 Phone in Every State Best Android Apps for March Best Android Games of March Best Camera Apps stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertGalaxy S8 leaks show multiple angles closeHere’s the Galaxy S8 from almost every angle imaginable In case you haven’t gotten enough of the Galaxy S8, here’s another set of photos to get you excited for next week’s unveiling. 2 more_vertHere are some high-quality shots of the Galax closeHere are some high-quality shots of the Galaxy S8 Plus A new series of images show off various interface aspects of the Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus. The images also show a brief size comparison to the LG V20. 3 more_vertNew Galaxy S8 leak sheds light on warranty program closeSamsung has been keeping some secrets on the Galaxy S8, until now Roland Quandt of WinFuture was able to get his hands on an array of new press images of the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus, while also sharing details we have yet to see leaked. 4 more_vertAndroid Auto vs Apple CarPlay ends in embarrassment [VIDEO] closeWatch a smug Apple CarPlay fanboy get owned by Android Auto [VIDEO] What happens when you pit Android Auto and Apple CarPlay against each other in an impromptu head-to-head battle? Well, one fanboy walks away with a severely bruised ego. 5 more_vertSamsung Galaxy S8 user guide leaked, here are the key features closeSamsung Galaxy S8’s entire user guide leaked, here are the key features Tomorrow the Samsung Galaxy S8 will be officially unveiled at their big event in New York. Before Samsung could even do the honors, it appears an employee may have jumped the gun, posting the entire user guide online for all to see. 6 more_vert10 new actions have been added to the Google Home's arsenal closeYou can now ask Google Home to help you build your own PC A series of new actions have been added to Google Assistant, making it easy to do things such as control your Roomba or keep track of expiration dates for your food. 7 more_vertQualcomm blocked Samsung closeQualcomm blocked Samsung from selling their Exynos chip to other OEMs The Exynos chips have been made exclusively for Samsung phones, but apparently, Samsung tried to sell them to other manufacturers. A new report claims Qualcomm prevented that from happening. 8 more_vertMichael Kors announces 2 new Android Wear watches closeMichael Kors announces 2 new Android Wear 2.0 watches without the ugly flat tire Fossil-owned fashion brand Michael Kors has announced 2 new Access smartwatches for launch this year. They’ll be donning Android Wear 2.0 and have some significant improvements. 9 more_vertFree App of the Week debuts on the Play Store closeGoogle introduces a “Free App of the Week” section on the Play Store Google has introduced a new “Free App of the Week” section on the Play Store, which takes a paid app or game and offers it for free for a whole week. 10 more_vertOfficial Samsung Galaxy S8 accessories leaked closeOfficial Samsung Galaxy S8 accessories leaked along with pricing info A number of high quality images have leaked showing official Galaxy S8 accessories. Check out the post for a look at Samsung’s DeX Station and a handful of different cases Samsung will be offering, but they wont come cheap. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Your browser is blocking javascript. This might limit your experience on this website SUBSCRIBE FREE NEWSLETTER Breaking News on Industrial Baking & Snacks News Retail & Shopper Insights Industry Voices Manufacturers Markets Ingredients Processing & Packaging R&D Regulation & Safety Commodities Views Editor's Choice Promotional Features Site Archive March 2017 February 2017 Previous months Multimedia Videos Audios Galleries Internet Live Events Sectors Bread Milling & Grains Cakes & Pastries Snacks Cereal & Cereal Bars Trends Gluten-free & Allergens Health Convenience Ancient Grains Diversification Emerging Markets Sustainability Smart Packaging Big Brands General Mills Snyder's-Lance Intersnack Yamazaki Baking Calbee Grupo Bimbo Kellogg KP Snacks Kraft Foods Nestlé PepsiCo Premier Foods Processing & Packaging Library Filling & Packaging Equipment & Systems Ingredients Packaging & Packing Materials, Containers Processing Equipment & Systems, Automation, Control Resources All Products Supplier Webinars Videos & Audio Technical Papers Product Brochures Suppliers Jobs Food Jobs - Europe Food Jobs - USA Food Jobs - UK News > Regulation & Safety Read more breaking news     Text size Print Forward Subscribe to our FREE newsletter SUBSCRIBE Advances in wearable Smart Glasses will outpace handheld technology Post a comment By Jenny Eagle+Jenny EAGLE 29-Mar-20172017-03-29T00:00:00Z Last updated on 30-Mar-2017 at 13:47 GMT2017-03-30T13:47:58Z Eye Succeed wearable technology. Pic: NSF. Related tags: NSF, Google Glass, AR, Intelligent, Food, Health & safety By the end of the year, manufacturers will see ‘transformational’ wearable technology in the consumer market, which will overtake sales of handheld devices, says NSF International. The company based in Michigan, US, independently tests, audits and certifies food and beverage firms for workplace safety and quality control, and owns the trademark for Eye Succeed remote auditor. Two-way audio communication It recently partnered with Google to pilot its program on Smart Glasses where, instead of sending 33 auditors to the company, it sent four Eye Succeed headsets and a kit to conduct the audit themselves, which meant the remote auditor ‘took the client out of the passenger seat and into the driver’s seat’. Speaking at its annual conference, ‘Evolution meets Revolution’ held in London this month (March 2017), Tom Chestnut, senior VP, Global Food Division, NSF, said even though there have been some obvious earlier failures in wearable technology, Smart Glasses have the potential to transform food safety risk management through automation and interconnectivity. “We have been working on the technology for the last two-and-a-half years due to a pilot project we have been doing with Google, and now some of the leaders of the food industry are trying to embrace this technology and use it for various applications across their organizations,” he said. Its Eye Succeed wearable technology has an integrated display in the right hand corner, a full field of view of everything around them, while guided by the viewfinder. It is a wireless device connected to the internet with a camera and two-way audio communication and video communication so the user can see and speak to the person at the other end. “The project started in 2014 when we approached Google Foodservice, which is one of our customers. We audit all their food operations, over 165 across the globe. They have 55 facilities alone on their campus in Mountain View, California,” added Chestnut.  “We approached them and said we have an idea for the use of your Google Glass wearable technology in the food industry.” Augmented World Expo According to Chestnut, ‘We are networking in a new young industry’. He said he attended the Augmented World Expo in California last June that attracted 4,000 attendees compared to three years’ ago with 600 attendees, ‘which tells you how fast the industry is growing’. “Look at how the iPhone has evolved today. If you compare that to wearable devices, and the timeframe it took from the first iPhone to iPhone 7, that software development is going to be three to five times faster than the handheld devices we have today,” he added. “In the last half of this year and Q1 next year, there will be devices that make you question if you still want to hold on to your cell phone.  “Times are changing and if Smart Glasses advance at the rate we anticipate, the uptick will outpace what we have seen compared to people embracing handheld technology.” Chestnut said there are three elements that come into play for enterprise applications; hardware, connectivity and intelligence/computing power to make it happen. He said examples of advanced wearable technology today are; Vuzix M300; ODG R-7; with the R-9 coming out in the summer and Magic Leap in South Florida, which has a $1.5bn investment to create intelligence in a the lens of a pair of glasses.   At the same time, Google’s project, ‘Loon’, is looking to use solar powered high altitude balloons, to create high speed connectivity in the world, to further enable the use of Smart Glasses. AR ‘ripple effect’ “We are going to be empowered through the use of wearable technology and that is going to be fascinating and somewhat scary. Right now, we are in the infancy of it but it will make us so much better in the future in terms of what we do and how we conduct business in the future,” he said.  “It’s called the augmented reality ‘ripple effect’; people will be able to do their jobs faster, with fewer errors, better safety, higher customer satisfaction and wearable technology will have a significant influence on everything we do. “We started to look at disruptive technology because we feel we can do more to improve public health. “Despite efforts to improve food safety, there’s still a major foodborne illness problem; globally there are 600 million cases of foodborne illnesses a year causing 420,000 deaths (125,000 deaths are children under the age of five). “We believe somewhere along the line we have to look at some form of disruptive tech that has an impact on food safety that’s better than what we have been able to do today.” This content is copyright protected However, if you would like to share the information in this article, you may use the headline, summary and link below: Advances in wearable Smart Glasses will outpace handheld technology By Jenny Eagle+Jenny EAGLE, 29-Mar-2017 By the end of the year, manufacturers will see ‘transformational’ wearable technology in the consumer market, which will overtake sales of handheld devices, says NSF International. http://www.bakeryandsnacks.com/Regulation-Safety/Advances-in-wearable-Smart-Glasses-will-outpace-handheld-technology Copyright - Unless otherwise stated all contents of this web site are © 2017 - William Reed Business Media SAS - All Rights Reserved - Full details for the use of materials on this site can be found in the Terms & Conditions Related news: Dole develops ‘wearable banana’ snack gadget for Tokyo Marathon The future of packaging knows no bounds, says CDP Ardagh enters digital age with smart interactive print on its metal packaging Smart packaging: Is industry being clever enough? RELATED TOPICS: Emerging Markets, Regulation & Safety, Processing Equipment & Systems, Automation, Control Subscribe to our FREE newsletter Get FREE access to authoritative breaking news, videos, podcasts, webinars and white papers. SUBSCRIBE Post a comment Comment title * Your comment * Your name * Your email * We will not publish your email on the site I agree to Terms and Conditions These comments have not been moderated. You are encouraged to participate with comments that are relevant to our news stories. You should not post comments that are abusive, threatening, defamatory, misleading or invasive of privacy. For the full terms and conditions for commenting see clause 7 of our Terms and Conditions ‘Participating in Online Communities’. These terms may be updated from time to time, so please read them before posting a comment. Any comment that violates these terms may be removed in its entirety as we do not edit comments. If you wish to complain about a comment please use the "REPORT ABUSE" button or contact the editors. Related products Navigating noodles for textural perfection Stable Micro Systems | 06-Mar-2017 | Technical / white paper From chewy, thick and sticky egg noodles to dried, flat rice versions – noodles come in a range of sizes and textures, so stringent testi... Food Packaging Benefits from Collaborative Robots Universal Robots | 14-Feb-2017 | Case study Download the case study to see how Atria Scandinavia beefed up productivity and reduced downtime with 3 collaborative robots. Working saf... The Next Evolution in Metal Detection Fortress Technology | 09-Feb-2017 | Product brochure Interceptor, Fortress Technology’s latest innovation, evolved to solve unique challenges for bakery producers with remarkable results. At... Related suppliers Baker Perkins Most Popular News 1Clearview Foods introduces Veggie Sticks and Fruit Sticks to its better-for-you snack line-up 2Superior acquisition drives Hostess’s revenue increases in 2016 3Future of US bakery and snacks driven by healthy indulgence, say analysts 4Health watchdog takes legal action against Kellogg, Weetabix, Walgreens and others for acrylamide in ‘Disney’ animal crackers 5Our Little Rebellion targets better-for-you market with protein crisps and popped bean snack Key Industry Events   Access all events listing Our events, Shows & Conferences... Products All about inulin Sensus Staying Fresh: Converting to Clean Label ESL Technology Delavau Food Partners Navigating noodles for textural perfection Stable Micro Systems Food Packaging Benefits from Collaborative Robots Universal Robots The Next Evolution in Metal Detection Fortress Technology View All Products On demand Supplier Webinars SAVVY SNACKING! How to master Mini Meals? Roquette Snacking Innovation Online Summit 2017: Trendwatching debate William Reed Business Media The Importance of Ingredient Selection for Healthier Snacking Cambridge Commodities Ltd Snacking Innovation Online Summit 2017: KEYNOTE - How to build a healthy snacks platform: The Peeled Snacks story William Reed Business Media All supplier webinars Today's Headlines Health watchdog takes legal action against Kellogg, Weetabix, Walgreens and others for acrylamide in ‘Disney’ animal crackers Pastinos takes on the premium snack market with better-for-you pasta snack Tiny but Mighty Popcorn targets Target, Costco and Publix shelf space with new packaging 'Fibre is the only option to turn our comfort foods from toxic to therapeutic,' says FiberFlour founder MEPs oppose GM approvals but Commission will have the final say Weekly / Daily Free Newsletter FoodNavigator.com Food & Beverage Development - Europe FoodNavigator-USA.com Food & Beverage Development - North America FoodNavigator-Asia.com Food, Beverage & Supplement Development - Asia Pacific NutraIngredients.com Supplements & Nutrition - Europe NutraIngredients-USA.com Supplements & Nutrition - North America NutraIngredients-Asia.com Supplements & Nutrition - Asia Pacific FoodQualityNews.com Food Safety & Quality Control DairyReporter.com Dairy Processing & Markets BeverageDaily.com Beverage Technology & Markets ConfectioneryNews.com Confectionery & Biscuit Processing BakeryAndSnacks.com Industrial Baking & Snacks GlobalMeatNews.com Global Meat Trading and Processing FoodManufacture.co.uk The Information Resource for Food and Drink Processing FeedNavigator.com Global Animal Feed Industry Other Newsletters Science & Nutrition Research Food legislation Food Finance Innovations in Food Ingredients Innovations in Food Processing and Packaging Innovations in Food Safety & Instrumentation Free Supplements BeverageDaily Beer Supplement Beer Technology & Marketing Ingredients Ingredients FoodNavigator Middle East Supplement Food & Beverage Development and Processing - Middle East   Free e-mail alerts Packaging equipment and materials Ingredients and additives Processing equipment & plant design   Subscribe to our FREE newsletterSUBSCRIBE Related Sites from our Team Beverage Technology & Markets  |  Confectionery & Biscuit Processing  |  Dairy Processing & Markets  |  Food & Beverage Development - Europe  |  Food & Beverage Development - North America  |  Food Safety & Quality Control  |  Supplements, Health & Nutrition - Europe  |  Supplements, Health & Nutrition - North America  |  Inside food & drink manufacturing  |  Food & Beverage Development and Technology - Asia Pacific  |  Global Meat Trading and Processing  |  Supplements, Health & Nutrition - Asia Pacific About us | Editorial Calendar | Site map | All sites | Recommend this Site | Advertise | Contact the Editor | Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookie Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Swirl Integrates Mobile Presence Platform with Google To Accelerate Beacon Industry Standardization and Scale BOSTON, March 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Swirl Networks, Inc., the leading Mobile Presence Marketing platform provider, announced today that its platform is now fully integrated with Google’s beacon registry and proximity APIs. The integration provides marketers with an automated solution for deploying, managing and optimizing large-scale proximity marketing programs that take advantage of Google’s beacon services and communication protocols. Google recently named Swirl a certified Location Services Provider, signifying full compatibility with the Google Beacon platform. One of the most significant challenges faced by retailers and mobile publishers in their early efforts to take advantage of beacon technology was a lack of industry standards and platform interoperability. The proliferation of proprietary protocols and closed networks meant that location and audience owners had to choose among competing ecosystems and vendor-specific SDKs, driving increased complexity and limiting scale. Google’s introduction of standardized APIs for enabling proximity-based services has resulted in the widespread availability of developer tools and services that are now being adopted by retailers, publishers, software developers and hardware manufacturers. Google’s global beacon registry and Nearby API provide the foundational infrastructure that allows location and audience owners to connect in a transparent, friction-free environment. With the Nearby API, retailers and third party audience owners can enable their mobile apps to interact with beacon signals without the need for proprietary, vendor-specific SDKs. Google is also enabling its own mobile properties to interact with beacons. Nearby Notifications, Google’s first major service to take advantage of the Nearby API, is now available on nearly 90 percent of Android devices. This service allows any retailer to connect their in-store location signals to what is now the world’s largest beacon-enabled mobile audience. The integration between Swirl and Google brings together the automated marketing tools and self-service capabilities of the Swirl Mobile Presence Marketing platform with the full set of beacon services offered by Google. By adding a marketing services layer to Google’s developer platform, Swirl enables non-technical users to take advantage of the technical infrastructure that has been developed by Google. Swirl’s automated platform enables retailers to manage and secure their location signals, while also enabling access for select audience partners. Swirl’s specialized mobile presence software allows retailers, publishers and brands to deliver new in-store mobile experiences and services that take advantage of the growing beacon ecosystem. The integration addresses a number of specific needs for large retailers including: As a certified Location Services Provider, Swirl is one of the few proximity marketing platform providers to have passed the rigorous suite of checks designed to ensure compatibility with the Google beacon platform. During the certification process, Google engineers verified that the Swirl platform met its requirements for sourcing Eddystone-enabled beacons as well as fully integrating its tools with the Google beacon platform. Swirl will continue to collaborate with Google as Eddystone’s features and capabilities evolve. „By offering its technical beacon services to the entire industry, Google has laid the foundation for a more open and scalable operating environment for everyone,” said Hilmi Ozguc, Swirl Founder and CEO. „With this integration, retail marketers can take advantage of Swirl’s mobile presence platform capabilities to maximize the value of this powerful capability. We look forward to continuing to work with Google to grow the beacon ecosystem and harness the power of mobile to enhance the physical world experience for consumers.”   About Swirl Networks Swirl offers leading retailers the industry’s first complete mobile presence management and marketing platform. By leveraging geofences, WiFi, VLC and Bluetooth Low Energy beacon signals in their brick and mortar stores, large-scale retailers rely on Swirl to generate greater value from every shopper visit. Swirl works with industry leaders including Lord & Taylor, Urban Outfitters, Timberland, Samsung, Oracle, Google, Facebook, Cisco and many more. Swirl is backed by top-tier investors including Twitter, Simon, Hearst, SoftBank and Longworth Venture Partners. Contact: Rob Murphy, press@swirl.com   SOURCE Swirl Networks, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsLicensing Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Maximize Battery Run-Times with Maxim’s High Accuracy, Low Quiescent Current Fuel Gauge Next PostNext League for Innovation Honors George R. Boggs With International Leadership Award Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 45 Plus 1 on G+ 60 Share on Facebook 62 Share on Twitter Total Shares167 Applications Google Google Home News Article Contents 1 Control by voice 2 Services 3 Control by app 4 Upcoming Google first talked about Google Home back at I/O, but the device became official at the recent October hardware event. The speakers didn't go into detail on all the apps and services that Home would work with, preferring instead to focus on a few specific demos. Now, Google has published a list of everything that works with Home, and we expect this will grow over time. Here's what Google has published so far on its support site for Home. Control by voice Audio Google Play Music YouTube Music Spotify Pandora TuneIn Smart home Nest Thermostats Phillips Hue Samsung SmartThings Honeywell Belkin Wemo IF by IFTTT Wink Insignia Wi-Fi Smart Plug LIFX Vivint TP-Link (smart bulbs and plugs) Frigidaire Geeni Anova First Alert Logitech (Harmony, Smart Lock, Smart Sprinklers) August Home Rachio Streaming Devices Google Chromecast Vizio Toshiba Philips Sony Bang & Olufson B&O PLAY Grundig Polk Audio TV and Audio (Chromecast or Google Cast TV required) YouTube Netflix Google Photos Tasks Google Calendar Google Keep Games and Fun Mad Libs Services 21 Blackjack Aeden at Westworld Akinator Anchor And Chill Argus Ask Jelly Ask Wonder Best Dad Jokes Brick Finder Brick info Busuu Buzzfeed CareGeneral Cat Lady City of Auburn CNBC Cool Events Domino's Eliza Elle Horoscopes FaithLife FitStar Food Network Friendly Librarian Genius Good code tips Headspace Huffpost Headline Quiz Inspirational Quotes Itcher KAYAK Lonely Planet Mental Math Miss Molecule's Favorite Molecule Mostly Harmless Quotes My Buddy NBC News NPR One Number Genie Plane Strike Pray Together Product Hunt Quora Quotery Random conversations Reverse Math Game Seattle Pools SG NextBus SongPop Spelling Master Star Wars Facts Sub War Tender The Animal Quiz The Bartender WSJ Todoist Trivia Blast Uber Upcoming Bollywood Movies Venturebeat News WebMD Control by app Any Cast-enabled audio app Upcoming Mercedes-Benz Hyundai iHeartRadio We'll update this post whenever Google adds more services, so stay tuned. Source: Google Support Tags apps assistant Google google home subscribe ... Previous Story The Galaxy S8 is the first phone with Bluetooth 5, can stream audio to two Bluetooth devices at once ... Next Story Samsung's new Gear 360 camera works on most Android and iOS phones Trending 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Mark01 Won't buy if you can't change that ridiculous Ok Google hotword nxtiak You'd rather say some weird name like Alexa or Siri? eazyean1 Echo is cool actually Abhishek Saral If it works just by saying "Google" it would be nice. Like in Amazon Echo we just have to say "Alexa". David Hyman Microsoft just recently changed the Xbox commands from Xbox to Cortona. Not only is it worse than before but I constantly say the old keyword. The thing with ok google is that it never really comes up during a normal conversation where as Siri and Alexa sound more like other names and leaves to false keyword activation XerBlade Having "Xbox" as the hotword was pretty much the dumbest idea they could've possibly had. Unless you are a lonely warrior who only plays video games by himself all the time (as game developers seem to think all gamers are these days since hardly anyone who isn't Nintendo builds local multiplayer anymore...), it is extremely likely that the word "Xbox" is going to come up in normal conversation extremely often while you are using the Xbox with your friends or family. In fact, I know from experience that it happens constantly. David Hyman True but my point was about the issues with changing hotwords, and the fact that Cortona is worse than what they had before Jarrett Lennon Kaufman In what way is it worse? "Hey Cortana" works pretty well for me on my computer and Xbox with NO false positives like before. trickinit It doesn't work very well for me. It's a lot slower to respond and it tends to get the command wrong a lot more than it used to with "Xbox". Anytime Cortana doesn't understand me, it switches to the browser to do a Bing search. That get pretty frustrating when I'm trying to record a game clip. David Hyman Yea! Try having Cortona try to find a TV show, that used to be solid with the old way and completely fails now Jarrett Lennon Kaufman That doesn't sound like a problem with the command, necessarily, but the software change overall. David Hyman It seems like it always has to phone home for even the simplest commands like turn off. It seems to fail to understand that command very often lzdking I keep switching back to Cortona after system updates because I really want to use it, but the lag time is too much. Very annoying to tell Cortona to pause a show and then have it take anywhere from 3 - 8 seconds to pause. I switched back to the Xbox commands because they are nearly instant. David Hyman Dude that's definitely a major issue. I keep using it so they get more data to hopefully improve it. I like the media capabilities of my Xbox more than Chromecast because I get hdmi pass through for my Comcast box and it has Amazon video. Two things that I can't get with a Chromecast XerBlade I wasn't going to correct you if you only said it once, but it's "Cortana." David Hyman Oh sorry auto correct Jarrett Lennon Kaufman That would be terrible. The word "Google" comes up a lot in conversation in 2016. No way I'd want that alone to be the keyword in my living room. Damodara Kovie [dkovie] It's 'Ok Google'. Do you really say those two words together outside of voice recognition interactions? Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Did you bother to read the comment I was replying to? Damodara Kovie [dkovie] I feel a fool. My apologies, good sir. enoch861 At least those sound much much better than Ok, Google. catalysto Yes, "Alexa" is very easy to say and makes it feel like I'm talking to an actual person. "OK, Google" is awkward and alienating, at best. Matt Cortana is probably the best name actually. It's easy to say and is different enough that you shouldn't get a lot of false positives. I imagine Alexa could get annoying in households where someone is named Alexa, Alexis, possibly even Alex. wjrandon I'm tired of saying "ok google" as well. Marko Šaric Yeah. I wish that could be changed. At least "Hey Google!", as was shown at Google io. Lateef Alabi-Oki You can use "Hey Google" also. XerBlade At which point tech podcasters everywhere will have to find a new substitute phrase to use when they want to talk about it without activating the devices of everyone listening en masse. Lateef Alabi-Oki Hopefully, the voice training technology improves in these devices so that only registered voices can trigger the hotword. blassster And they need to tie the person's registered voice and query to the proper Google account. Custom hotwords per user would help. Lateef Alabi-Oki I believe Dieter Bohn said they were working on that in today's Verge podcast. If true, that'd be really neat. blassster I've never had this problem after they rolled out the training model part of the setup so long ago. XerBlade I never had that problem until they did that. Actually, they rolled out the training part of the setup alongside the "OK Google everywhere" feature. Neither existed before the other. So I highly doubt very many people had the issue BEFORE they rolled out the training model part of the setup, because they would literally have to be sitting either on the Google Now screen or (in the case of Nexus devices only at the time) on the home screen at the time when the hotword was heard, the chances of which are kinda low. blassster Oh, I thought the training model came later. I remember after training it (or, probably re-training it if you are correct) that it was solved. Early on for me it was the worst! youareme7 really? that's a Home thing I missed? I mean I want custom but at least hey google rolls off a little easier than ok google. Lateef Alabi-Oki I doubt they'd make it customizable since "Ok, Google" is free marketing and brand awareness for them. youareme7 Yeah, don't disagree but still a bummer, that syllable salad is a minor annoyance Lateef Alabi-Oki Yeah, I can see how it may be difficult to pronounce for non-English speakers. Maison Pulaski I doubt they would change the name of their flagship phone because _Nexus_ is free.... Oh wait.... Nevermind. Lateef Alabi-Oki You're right. This is Google we're talking about. We might wake up tomorrow and the hotword would be "Hey, Giri". By the way they're going to change the name of the Google Cast app to Google Home. Not confusing at all. Arthur J. hey google doesn't work Tuck Choate You don't have a Google home to test it on, yet, do you? Arthur J. I was speaking about Nexus Tuck Choate This discussion is about Google home. Arthur J. yeah, but why the command would be this on a device and that on another Tuck Choate It's primarily a voice device. AP even did an article on an APK breakdown on how they might give more control to users for voice actions. http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/08/19/google-app-v6-3-suggests-google-assistant-may-launch-limited-language-support-expands-user-defined-actions-apk-teardown/ Arthur J. Forgot that one, that would so nice if they expand it to all devices. As Youareme7 said, 'OK' an extra syllable and "hey" would be more discreet. Especially when you say in English US in a non english country Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Yes, but more syllables was purposeful. More syllables makes it easier for the software to understand and gives you fewer false positives. Ryan Hey google works, I have one. Its not as reliable as OK google though. Lateef Alabi-Oki I believe "Hey, Google" worked in the demos. I may be wrong though, but I thought it did. Arthur J. I didn't payed attention to that Matt It just worked on my phone. 6p YaKillaCJ Just worked on my watch too. Hey Google is a lot more natural than ok Google. Still should be able to name your device. It's only natural since U can nickname/hotkey people. That way my Phone, Remote (older phone), Tablet, Watch, and now Home doesn't go off at once. drksilenc It does work i use it at home all the time. It doesnt work from cell phone which is done on purpose so you dont get multiple google devices activating at the same time. Justin W Hey Google works for me with my phone. Not sure if it's me just not saying it clearly enough or if it's actually a supported hotword though. Marko Šaric Works for me too (just tried it out). On my g watch and Nexus 5x. Cool. Markus Ressel Still kind of awkward imo dhamp2g Pretty silly reason to me, but to each his own. Marko Šaric Will Google Home work in Europe? (By Europe I mean Croatia). Lateef Alabi-Oki No, because the EU will find an excuse to sanction them for another monopoly abuse claim. Marko Šaric Seriously though. I was thinking about getting one. But I would like to know if I could actually use the thing and not just admire it. Lateef Alabi-Oki I think it's US only for now. It might come to Europe next year. They probably want to get multilingual issues sorted out first before they introduce it in Europe. Marko Šaric That's a bit disappointing if true. I would use it in English anyway. Lars Jeppesen Of course it will work if you import it. I'm planning to.. Marko Šaric I'm planning to also. However, I would like to not pay 3 times the price after shipping and taxes. Any tips for import sites where you may have purchased items previously. I've never imported from the states, as I merely use Amazon.de or UK. Lars Jeppesen Why would you think that? You think it checks your location and refuses to work if outside the US? Lateef Alabi-Oki Nope. I'm just speculating. I could competely wrong. Gregory It might not be sold in Europe, but will it work in Europe? I also don't mind using it in English. Matt I want to know this too. I might get my US friend to bring one with him in December to the UK, if it's going to work that is. Lateef Alabi-Oki If Google Assistant works in Europe, and I believe it does, I see no reason why Google Home wouldn't. I doubt Google would deliberately region lock Home. Jens Törnblad It doesn't work with Android TV? RedPandaAlex I'm pretty sure they confirmed that it will worth with Android TV using the Google Cast feature. Lateef Alabi-Oki It works with any Google Cast enabled device, including Android TV. Christofftofferson I assumed it would as android tv is a Chromecast receiver. komal You have a nice post and i liked very much http://www.printablecalendar2017.us/2016/07/march-2017-calendar.html XerBlade It will cast to an Android TV device, yes, but you can't use it (yet) to control the Android TV interface with voice commands like you can with one of the Android TV voice remotes. So it's kinda halfway supported. 2×4 Missing: - 8tracks? - TP-Link Kasa? - Ecobee? Lazy Tango All my standing lights are connected through TP-Link Kasa... Partially because Alexa connects to it, but mostly because I can't afford Hue lights. 2×4 in my case, I use Kasa because solutions that require a hub haven't worked reliably enough for me. CUEBALL Same here. Hope Kasa integrates with Home in the near future. Kevin Sauer No Ecobee? No Caseta Wireless Lutron? The smarthome space is so annoying right now. "Buy this thing! It may work with some other stuff. I dunno. Good luck." wjrandon "Ok Google, start the Rooma"? Kevin Sauer Sure that sounds good Philip Worthington Maybe, although I suspect what you got would be closer to this... https://youtu.be/g8v6cZ21vlc thomasguide2 Shouldn't the roomba be starting by itself? Phoenix I see what you did there Fatty Bunter You can do this with a Harmony Hub and IFTTT right now by issuing the appropriate IR command for a given voice keyword. Obviously that requires more $, but hey it's possible. enoch861 This is why you just buy the Echo. It works with mostly everything. catalysto Yeah, except the Amazon ecosystem is nowhere near as robust as Google's (e.g., Calendar, Maps, et cetera). Amazon has the upper hand on hardware integration at the moment, but I have no doubt that Google will quickly catch up -- especially with this fairly impressive launch list (remember Echo launched with none). Matt Maps "Ok Google, Navigate to the store." "You're in your house dumbfuck, but here's a map to the store on your TV." catalysto So... What exactly is your point? You know Alexa doesn't have this information, right? Cory S it actually can do all those things. Albeit badly, but it does. cabbieBot best comment on AP possibly ever. Brandon V. Fletcher Echo's support grew over time. So will Google Home's. Hector Diaz I have 3 echo so with Smartthings. Really like it but echo is not that smart. shadowdude777 It really bugs me that Play Music doesn't work with the Echo. And this is ALL GOOGLE'S FAULT. If they would just expose an API like Spotify does, we could have support for Play Music everywhere that we have Spotify. I'd ditch Play Music today, because Spotify has a better desktop client, better social features, an app that isn't a lagfest, and better family pricing now, but I'd lose out on Play Music's ability to upload my own tracks, which is sadly quite important to me. :( Cory S Amazon blocks Chromecast products from even being sold on their store, and you think they would work well with Google on this? BRB I need to get back to watch Prime video on my TV....oh wait its Android TV and I cant because actively AMAZON BLOCKS IT. shadowdude777 Amazon doesn't have to do ANYTHING if Google didn't provide such a bad service with a locked-down API; that's the point. If there were a Play Music API, a third-party dev could write the Echo Skill that integrates with it, with no work on Amazon's part. All of these walled gardens are infuriating; Google needs to learn to play nice with other ecosystems. It would solve a lot of their problems if they just made it possible to integrate their services with other systems. Andy J Did you really just suggest that Google doesn't open up everything they can for developers? You have seen https://developers.google.com/apis-explorer/#p/ right? shadowdude777 You're joking, right? Are you really defending them and saying that "they're doing the best they can"? If they were opening up everything they can for developers, why is there no music API? Spotify has one. Why is there no Hangouts API? Why is there no Allo API? These are all services that NEED APIs to be taken seriously. Give me one good reason why they can't expose an API for these services. Andy J OK - well..... Hangouts & Allo = proprietary, just like WhatsApp doesn't have an API, Facebook messenger doesn't have an API. The music service doesn't have an API for any number of reasons ranging from - they don't want to expose the service via an API to - the contracts they have agreed with the studios and labels may well disallow it, don't make the mistake that all the music services have identical agreements with the labels because that is far from the case. Finally - don't fall in to the trap that every service under the sun should/does have an API - Netflix doesn't provide an API allowing you to consume their paid for content outside of the Netflix ecosystem. Amazon TV doesn't have an API allowing you to consume their video content outside of their service. shadowdude777 Google Talk used standards (XMPP) while Hangouts doesn't, and Allo doesn't. Yes, other walled gardens also don't provide APIs, but you shouldn't pretend that Google is some bastion of developer/consumer-friendliness when they're just as bad as every other company that thinks they're above playing nice with others. Slack has an API, Discord has an API, Telegram has an API etc. There's no way that Google was able to negotiate an agreement allowing for a feature like users uploading their own songs to Play Music, but not negotiate an agreement allowing for API access for premium members like Spotify has. This is a decision they made, considering they obviously have the pull to make an API happen if they actually cared. Yes, video streaming services don't provide APIs, and I'm not asking for Google to open up a Play Movies streaming API. But Play Music has no reason not to have one, nor do Google's multiple failing messenger apps. Andy J "Yes, video streaming services don't provide APIs, and I'm not asking for Google to open up a Play Movies streaming API." This is my point - why? Why aren't you asking for that? Your entire argument is that Google don't have enough APIs - why stop at demanding Play Music? I'm not saying Google should not open up an Play Music API - there is obviously something because there are unofficial apps that use an undocumented API - but why do you think it would be OK to not open up a video streaming API too - after all - YouTube has one, why shouldn't Play Movies - especially considering it uses YouTube on the backend anyway. Josh Hoffman How is the Spotify family pricing better than Google All Access? Play music 6 users for 14.99 plus Youtube Red. Spotify is 14.99 for 6 users but spotify only. shadowdude777 Didn't realize it was you + 5 people for Play Music, I thought it was 5 people total (so you + 4 people). Yeah, I guess GPM's pricing is better. Pranav Check IFTTT, they have a lot of connections that solve this issue Savage Alien Ecobee commands are HomeKit based. atlharry Not just HomeKit. Smartthings works as well so you could get to the Ecobee through Smartthings. Savage Alien Oh, okay. Thanks for clarifying that. youareme7 These are just the launch (pre-launch?) partners, it'll expand exponentially when they open it up in December. I use Wink for instance and I know they're working on it but weren't a "launch partner". dhamp2g They have some big ones on the list. It works with chrome cast, text , and Play music.....I'm in Lars Jeppesen Never heard of those products.... Ryan IFTTT gives you control over all of that. The setup kind of sucks, Ill admit, but the plus side you can customize the phrases that trigger things to something that is more "human" or fun. Kevin Sauer Thanks for your reply. I have already done all of that through IFTTT, but as you point out, it's a pain in the ass. I would prefer the manufacturers bake it into their product directly. YaKillaCJ @Ryan I did the same here. I just setup a lot using IFTTT, Pushbullet & Tasker. Sure U have to manually make the word commands but it works. Nothing like saying "Hey Google" and control nearly everything. Ryan Yeah, its definitely tedious. But odds are I will keep doing it after makers like Wemo and Lutron plug in because, what I have seen so far with 3rd party services, their actions are really limited. While I had to set it up its nice to be able to say "Hey Google, start a fire" to have it turn on my fireplace instead of something more literal. BAlGaInTl I paired mine with a Samsung SmartThings hub that was on sale for $50. I can control my Ecobee seamlessly through that. I don't think there is Lutron support yet though. MicroNix This is why Echo > Google Home right now and probably for some time. Android sites are hyping Google Home like its some great thing. It barely works with anything in a smart home right now. Let's revisit in a year or so. Until then, umm, no thanks. Gregg Long I hope Caseta comes through soon. A much better solution for lights that aren't table lamps. Gregg Long Yes much better - and they still offer a wall wart plug in for table lamps. And unlike solutions like Hue, you can use a caseta wall switch which works with regular decora plates to turn on and off the lights while still having retaining control through your app. With Wifi lights, when you turn them off at the switch your remote control turns off with them. eazyean1 Sonos? Lateef Alabi-Oki If you can connect the Audio Chromecast to Sonos, it might be able to work. I don't have a Sonos, but I heard someone talk about it on an IOT podcast yesterday. Christofftofferson Most of the sonos speakers don't have audio in jacks (only the play 5 does). Sonos does accept google cast from Google play if you have sonos on the android phone you're casting from. Also they annouced they're working with Alexa to get voice control in 2017... so hopefully they remain fairly agnostic between Google, Amazon and others. Lateef Alabi-Oki Honestly, I see no reason why Sonos can't write some actions for Google Assistant and Google Home. They'd be foolish not to, since it looks like Google wants Assistant and Home to be an open platform for developers. op12 They're definitely thinking about it, but who knows how long it'll be considering the Amazon Alexa integration took months... https://twitter.com/JohnLMacFarlane/status/733013734625415168 Benoit Bourdua Plex seems like something people would want to see there. Corbin Davenport If it had Plex support, at least for audio, I would buy one. Benoit Bourdua I play my music using Plex on Synology + Chromecast Audio. Not sure I'll buy one, but if there is no support for that combo it's a sure thing I won't. MicroNix Synology, what a great NAS. Worth every penny. Blake Mitchell I'm starting to regret getting a QNAP. komal You have a nice thought and very creative and awesome http://www.printablecalendar2017.us/2016/07/february-2017-calendar.html Soundjudgment Plex just finished its app update-release for iOS and iPhone/iPad. Google Home should be next. Morten Ulv Not before December when Actions on Google comes. Mike Marshall Senior director of Yahoo!, is telling visitors to start off "Work at home" practice, that People have been doing for more than a year now. This season only, I generated about $36k already with nothing but my laptop or computer as well as some leisure time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to five job. Even most people new at all to this, can make $50/per h undoubtedly and the income might be even very high in the long run... This is how i started >> http://adultadda.net/2Y3 Fatty Bunter WHAT ELSE DO YOU KNOW? TELL ME IMMEDIATELY. But seriously, this would be by far the biggest jump in capability for me and many others I know. Would love this so much, cant wait. Aaron Geier You can cast to the Google Home from the Plex app in Android. Chris McGrath they just released alexa support, i imagine google home isn't far behind it Mark555055 i would be shocked if Plex did not interface with Google home in the near future. Alinekgaray Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !ac474f: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !ac474f: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash664MarketStudyGetPay$97Hour... ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!ac474f:....,...... Matt I'd say they left it out so they could push their own stuff, but Play Movies isn't even on there. theProffer It sort of is because you can watch your purchases via YouTube iantrich There is a Plex service now named Flex TV Gabriel Dalposso "The speakers didn't go into detail" Ha! Was that a pun? SmashleyFC How does this differentiate accounts? Can anyone just add shit to my calendar? youareme7 as of today the best we know is it only supports one account. I'm guessing that'll change but who knows when Abhishek Saral Wait so if I am watching something on YouTube or listening to something on Spotify on an iPhone. And I say "Play this on my TV". Will it work? Even with an iPhone? Boolean Corporation Netflix or bust Angst They (At the event on October 4th) said that Netflix was already on-board with making integration in the 'very near' future JSo So anything that works with the Chromecast should work with the Nexus Player, right? João Dias So does this mean that Google keep is getting an api? :D Andrew Gallagher Any idea how it will work in a multiple Google account household? Andy J Yup....... until they implement something - you know - sensible.... currently you have to find out who is logged in, find them, ask them to log out (using their phone), log in and perform whatever it was you wanted to do (which you could of done 10 times over with just your phone by the time you get logged in to it). I wish they had resolved this issue BEFORE selling it.... scasmflop Video list seems a bit light... I would guess that Google Play Movies should be in there as well. I thought I remembered them calling up "Stranger Things" during the on stage demo to insinuate netflix also working in some capacity. Thomas Paulsen After the I/O event I was expecting that we would see some cunning home automation examples. Google is full of engineers that like to cook-up some awesome things. But we didn't see that. The only native home automation partner appears to be Nest. No word on the level of integration. Say an object moves into the Nest camera view. Let me see a live stream on my Android TV. Instead we are getting SmartThings support. SM had horrible latency at one point. So not only does my command have to go through Google but also through SM and back. Not to mention SM security concerns. No word on Brillo and Weave standards. Very concerning. I'd by a Google Home supported door lock right away. Smart door locks have been a disappointment so far actually. Defenestratus Smart things no longer has horrible latency. surethom Hopefully by the time Google Home comes to the UK next Summer or later, I hope Wemo & lifx are supported, & also able to select Hot word, even Hey Google is better than Ok Google. trent Why no voice calls over hangouts. Seems like a perfect use case. Oh right ... Hangouts is now a class B deprecated product! sasidhar79 any chance of Google Assistant becoming available for devices other than Pixel? Lars Jeppesen Allo MrCalifornia I wonder if there will be two user support. Would be awesome if it could recognize the difference between my wife and I and let us use different calendars, etc. steelew Whose user account does it use? In a house with 4 people, separation is a must. They haven't made any mention of it, so I'm guessing it's just one account. Andy J yup (at a time). Andy J I hope to see Logitech Media Center on here - it already supports Chromecasts so I expect they will do something..... Defenestratus I use a harmony hub through smartThings which is integrated with Home so I can control my heat pumps. Greg DePasse I (and 100's of others - https://goo.gl/KVWzkI) would like to know if Google Home (and Assistant for that matter) will work with GSuite accounts (the new Google Apps for Domain/Work etc). Assistant currently access personal details in Allo for instance, so it's not promising for those of us that pay for GSuite accounts for our families. mcdonsco Hopefully Google doesn't pull an Amazon and exclude ecobee because of nest; so far it looks that way :-/ Dn Bro I think you could try using ifttt Đức Thành Would love to see some good podcast apps on that list. TuneIn is "Meh". Beast TuneIn is great for internet radio, I use it all the time :) Đức Thành I used to use TuneIn frequently, but then Pocket Casts happened. It's not perfect but it offers a significantly better experience. You should give it a try. Defenestratus Google Play Music does podcasts. Đức Thành I'm aware, but it does not in my country. xanok No Ecobee? doom Alexa can turn the temperature up or down on a Nest but can't turn the heat or cool on if it is set to off. If Google Home can do that, I'll switch right away. Beast I expect since Google bought Nest they will have full app integration as part of Google Home :) Emanuele Ricci I would really love to see an integration with Netatmo. Do you know if Google home has open APIs so I will be able to develop by my self an integration? Wikiwix I really hope Inbox comes for reminders... royrov Hoping for PocketCasts Alinekgaray Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !ac474f: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !ac474f: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash664MarketStudyGetPay$97Hour... ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!ac474f:....,....... sam1331 Hey Android Police, how about an article about which outlet plugs work? I have a TP-Link, which works fine with their app, but I've been holding off on buying anything more until I know it's compatible with Google Home. Having to unlock my phone, open the app, and then change the lights is too many steps for me to do with a smart device like lights. dhamp2g People are All these services with with very small followings when compared to google Eco system many of which who have never heard of in the general from non tech community this is aimed at the general population bill875 Support for Insteon would be nice. I have SmartThings as well for my Schlage locks, but Insteon controls some of the lighting in my house. DongoDongo Not trying to be negative but, can someone remind me why you need to "aumotate" your home, especially by voice? I can probably toggle the switch more than 10 times before you're done with a voice command. Adam Margeson Are you asking about reality, or what they're trying to sell me? They're selling me the ability to turn on/off the lights from the couch without having to get up. Not having to get up is not worth my health or however much they want for this and a couple of "smart lights". Beast Or in fact the total home automation, i.e. when you leave the house the lights turn off, when you come back they turn on, music can start to play when you come home, etc, etc. It isn't about convenience, it is about a new technological era.... :) Marko Šaric Is this an intentional oversimplification? Adam Margeson A little bit. I use Tasker to do all sorts of little automations of settings or interactions on my phone. But I'm not the average person - I like taking time to tweak and program things to make future interaction easier for myself. Most people aren't that enthusiastic about programming automation or will get frustrated with setting up rules that fit most situations properly. Example: "Arm my alarm system when I leave the house" -> the wife is still home when you walk out, the system still arms itself. "Do what I mean, not what I say," is something that comes to mind for how users want automation to work. When computer AI and sensing technology get to a much better state, we might be able to do that, but right now, proper automation takes a *lot* of patience to set up. Marko Šaric Fair enough. Defenestratus Because I can turn lights on and off without leaving my chair. For example, I Just told my Google Home "Hey Google turn on the christmas tree" and voila, its on. Its equally as useful when you want to turn on a whole room full of lights at the same time. in my Kitchen I have four different light switches that I'd need to tap in order to turn on all the lights. Instead I just say "Ok Google turn on all the kitchen lights" and bam. On. Likewise its great for dimming them. "Hey google dim the kitchen lights to 25%" Letting the dog out the back door, I go "OK google, turn on all the outside lights" turns on all of the fixtures outside. Now that I've lived with it for a few months, I don't know how I lived without it. (I have all of my switches linked through SmartThings) Leonardo Baez You don't "need" Its an option. Think of that disabled people who can switch lights, set temperature o turn on a tv just with their voice Tucker Sferro how convenient for Google that my Nexus 6 Google now voice activation from any screen is no longer available!! it visibly toggles itself off in settings, and other Nexus 6 owners have had the same issue for quite some time now. Beast Would be nice to get Hive integration, proper Cast to Sonos would be the selling point for me. Angus Marshall Your list is out of date already... Gerardo Sarabia Now if only they unified Assistant on Home and the Pixel... not gonna happen. Gotta keep things as inconsistent as possible, because Google. ChilZeg what kind of unification are you thinking??? Gerardo Sarabia Having the option of controlling other devices (chromecast, chromecast audio or chromecast built-in devices, for example) with Assistant on Pixel. Stenso Has anyone figured out how to use Reminders? "Okay Google, remind me to take the dog out?" "Okay, when would you like to be reminded? Say a place or time." "When I arrive home." "Your reminder has been set." Jon Fridman You can't use reminders via Google Home yet. I'm sure it's being worked on for a future release, or at least I hope so. Stenso This really disappointed me. I just kind of assumed this would work since it has Keep and Calendar hooks. It was a big reason I jumped ship from Echo. Fingers crossed it makes it in soon. Jon Fridman Due to an NDA I can't really comment on what Google is planning for the home in that regard. I have high hopes for my Google home and it's future abilities. BierKerl Doesn't your dog remind you to take it out quite aggressively when you get home? ;-) Leonardo Baez Lol 😂 Alec M Mine has serious issues streaming Netflix on my Asus Nexus Player. Has anyone else had the same experience with maybe a Roku or something similar? madmaglio Works fine with my gen 1 chromecast. The Home just start the stream. It's the device that would be having the issue. Alec M Yeah, I have some friends that have the small chromecasts and they work fine. I have a feeling that the issue is having a device that has Netflix as a standalone app installed. Bill Anderson Shouldn't Android TV be on this list? I know it's kind of covered by Chromecast, but then it wasn't supported until a day ago. Garrett Penfield Mine STILL doesn't work with Spotify... mrlex You spelt Philips wrong (only one l) YaKillaCJ Enabling IFTTT was a big 1. Thru this I am able to use Google Home to control Hook Automation which controls any RF device. It's making me spoiled. Vladimir Only Murica. Right? Any rumors when should it come overseas? Adam Carl Aren't you forgetting Uber? I can link my Uber account to my home Abhinav You can ask question on Quora too. JG Is there a way to get it to prefer one service over another? I haven't linked Netflix to the account the Home in the living room is connected to. Yet when I asked it to play "How the Grinch Stole Christmas" it only looks on Netflix for it. It use to have no problem pulling the album from Google Play Music (which is linked to the account). [The album BTW is basically an audio book if you don't have any video casting devices online] I got it to work after specifying GPM, but that's a bit of a mouth full. And since there is me Netflix account linked to it... Shouldn't it attempt to use an it has access to first? madmaglio I think if you say "listen to..." i think it will assume its music and not the film and use Play Music. Gregg Long There is a serious bug going on with Nest Thermostats. The Google Home can't find it - keeps saying it's unavailable. Even though Google Now can control it fine when you are out of the house. shayden Google home + Smartthings + Harmony Hub + IFTT for custom commands is all the home control I could ever want. I have an HDMI matrix and 4 TVs. I can just say "ok google set the secondary TV to Xbox" or "ok google set the sound to chromecast". And of course I can control all the lighting with my voice. And the one thing for me that puts google home far above the echo is my ability to play whole home audio with google home and chromecast audios. "ok google play my favorite music on first floor". Boom, done. PerhapsNever Ooooohhhh!!! How are you doing the input commands? I've been DYING to figure out how to expose actual Harmony controls to my GH. My setup is 3 Harmony Hubs, ST, Hue lights, and IFTTT. shayden You use IFTTT to bridge the home and the hub. The catch is whatever command you are trying to accomplish with the harmony hub has to be an activity. so I have made a ton of different activities just to do simple things like switch inputs or adjust volume. You setup IFTTT using google assistant as the "if". You can choose whatever activation command you want and can also put in different ways of saying it as well as a custom response back from the google home. you make the "then" the harmony activity that you want to run once the custom command is heard. PerhapsNever Ahhhh, gotcha. I only have about 5 activities on each of my hubs, but I never thought about making activities for a single action. GENIUS! Thanks for the reply! shayden I recommend using the desktop app vs the phone app when setting up all the activities. much easier and quicker to work with a mouse and keyboard. NoConcussion The Google Home app has been updated to include more than 50 "service" apps. Too many to list and probably memorize. Apps like games, psychotherapist, search capability, local events, social media, language training, news trends, pizza ordering, personal trainer and more. abc I'll check out Home in a few years. Let the fanboys do the full-retail price beta testing. dhamp2g Love to. Vandale Gentry You can order Domino's pizza from the Google Home! PorchSong BTW, it's "Continually" updated, not "continuously." But thank you for maintaining this list. Emanuele Ricci Still waiting for Netatmo :'( Abdulgader Badkook You forgot to mention akinator. It is available by saying "let me speak to akinator" Shahul Hameed Akbar Why isn't Shield not listed in streaming devices? I am able to cast music and YT videos from Google Home to it since December. Kevin Brosseau So the New Shield is not supported yet with casting Netflix to the box? Ruperto17 Netflix does not work with Google TV, only Chromecast at the moment. Google Home will tell me if I try to send anything to my Nexus Player. pookietookie Google Home can set calendar reminders now? dcdttu Do the Honeywell thermostats require SmartThings? (As in, are they Z-Wave?) If so, should they be a subset of SmartThings? If not, nvrmnd. Artem Russakovskii No, they're just Wi-Fi, like Nest. dcdttu Well that makes sense then. :-) Now I'm just waiting patiently for Wink to get the green light. Roy So am I missing something or is Android TV seriously not supported? Kostas 💪🎩 It's Bang & Olufsen James Ogle You've added Belkin Wemo, but it doesn't support their lightbulbs. Only their switches and power outlets. I've tried it, it doesn't recognise the Wemo Link hub or anything connected to it. bigwill_420 I see they didn't bother putting nvidia shield tv on the list. 😢 Leonardo Baez How do I use the services? mustbepbs Still can't add time to an existing timer. keithzg Remains only available in the US and UK. Dammit, Google, Canada is right here, on the same continent, and if you were worried about the spelling of "colour" on the packaging or something then you've already handled that with the UK, so what's the delay? iantrich You're missing quite a few services and iHeartRadio is already integrated Anthony Chandler Any word on Sonos integration? I get that they're competitors w/ Chromecast Audio, but I've heard that Sonos is looking for tighter integration with popular services... AlRegals I really need Hulu to start working with Google Home. Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 3 [Deal Alert] Get the Ecobee3 smart thermostat for $199 on Amazon ($50 off) 2017/03/30 12:49pm PDTMar 30, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 31 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 214 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 159 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 89 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 YouTube app is testing another revamp that makes comments both more and less prominent 2017/03/30 10:04pm PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 13 The CrossOver Preview for Android now supports Office 2013, multi-window, and more 2017/03/30 11:54am PDTMar 30, 2017 5 From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/03/30 11:49am PDTMar 30, 2017 27 Usernames no longer count against the 140-character limit on Twitter 2017/03/30 11:37am PDTMar 30, 2017 Blast from the Past 90 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Strikethrough Text] WhatsApp Adds Quick Reply From The Notification, Multiple Contact Selection, Solid Wallpaper Colors, And Finally Dumps A Gingerbread Remnant 2016/03/30 1:00am PDTMar 30, 2016 71 2 Years Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Latest Gmail Update Brings Unified Inbox, Conversation View For Non-Gmail Accounts, Better Search, And More 2015/03/30 1:30pm PDTMar 30, 2015 15 3 Years Ago Today Music Boss For Pebble Can Now Control Playback And Volume On Chromecast Content From Your Smartwatch 2014/03/30 12:47pm PDTMar 30, 2014 42 4 Years Ago Today The Ultimate List Of Easter App And Game Sales On The Play Store [Continuously Updated] 2013/03/30 12:31pm PDTMar 30, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Google Launches Translator Toolkit, Makes It Easier To Bridge The Language Gap In Your Apps 2012/03/30 11:37pm PDTMar 30, 2012 18 6 Years Ago Today N64oid, Nintendo 64 Emulator For Android, Was Not Taken Down - It's On Hiatus Pending Performance Improvements 2011/03/30 11:39pm PDTMar 30, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Updated: Verizon Finally Starts Upgrading All Motorola Droid Users to Android 2.1 Today, Pinky Swears This Time 2010/03/30 8:10pm PDTMar 30, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 48 Google explains why the Android Wear 2.0 rollout was delayed for some watches 2017/03/30 9:44am PDTMar 30, 2017 22 Google App v6.16 beta prepares to add authentication to purchases with Assistant, video previews in search results, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/03/30 1:36pm PDTMar 30, 2017 65 Android O feature spotlight: There's a cool new animation when opening or closing notifications 2017/03/30 2:10pm PDTMar 30, 2017 19 [Deal Alert] Here are some free and discounted apps from the last few days 2017/03/30 7:26am PDTMar 30, 2017 69 [Finally] Simple now supports Android Pay 2017/03/30 11:57am PDTMar 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 140 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 71 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 57 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 243 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 600 [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 115 queries | 0.444s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
clock menu more-arrow The Future Agency Inside the big business of imagining the future by Kyle Chayka Mar 30, 2017, 9:00am EDT Illustrations by William Joel / The Verge share tweet Linkedin In the Dubai of 2050, the world looks both instantly familiar and utterly strange. Here, urban planning is driven by an omniscient AI installed at the top of a skyscraper; your smart bathroom mirror tracks your physical health; and you interface with the government through a personalized “genie,” a hologram in the form of a virtual Emirati gentleman in traditional garb. All of these future products are skinned in a particular visual aesthetic of friendly white-on-black animated icons like a minimalist, sentient version of Apple’s iOS. This uncanny scene was on display at the United Arab Emirates’ second annual Government Summit, hosted in Dubai in February 2014. A three-day event comprised of dozens of speakers — including Sir Richard Branson — and over 4,000 participants, it bills itself as the “largest annual government gathering in the world.” The gathering was meant to “build hope, build life and future, and make people happy,” said Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, prime minister of the UAE and royal ruler of Dubai, during the event. The urban AI, hologram genie, and smart bathroom were part of the Museum of Future Government Services, a series of seamless interactive installations that demonstrated to attendees — Emirati politicians and civil servants, as well as foreign dignitaries and business leaders — how the UAE would serve its citizens several decades hence. The Museum of Future Government Services was created by Tellart, a technology-focused design agency, headquartered thousands of miles away in Rhode Island. Launched in 2000, Tellart now employs 38 individuals spread across offices in Providence, New York, San Francisco, Amsterdam, and Dubai. The UAE government is one of the company’s largest clients; the two entities collaborate on the Government Summit events and are developing a permanent Museum of the Future in Dubai. Of course, none of the products demonstrated at the 2014 summit actually existed. Rather, Tellart’s job is to create believable, immersive visions of the future based on the needs of its clients, which range from the UAE to Google, Purina, and the California Academy of Sciences — anyone who needs a little bit of tomorrow today. As the company’s co-founder Nick Scappaticci says, “We are the industrial designers of the 21st century.” Museum of the Future Photo: Tellart Tellart is at the forefront of an industry that doesn’t really have a name. What it does is sometimes labeled “design fiction,” a genre that might be defined as “prototypes that allow you to suspend your disbelief about the ways the world is changing around you,” says Alexander Porter, the co-founder of Scatter, a virtual reality storytelling studio in Brooklyn. Design fiction is created by a loose confederation of agencies, artists, engineers, and designers who are shaping our expectations of technology and society in decades to come by showing us what that incipient world might look like, down to its cliche brand logos. It’s science fiction made real in the form of interactive exhibitions, product demonstrations, and behind-the-scenes consulting work. And it tends to pop up at any event Davos-ish enough to include the word “influencers.” Alongside Tellart, the industry is made up of organizations like Barbarian Group, the now-defunct BERG London, Fake Love (acquired by The New York Times Company in August 2016), and Google’s Creative Lab. Even if you’re unfamiliar with these names, it’s likely you’ve seen their handiwork in high-tech viral videos, like this rendering of a mundane living room turning into an immersive intergalactic VR video game, created by the studio Marshmallow Laser Feast for Sony; Superflux’s 2011 “Song of the Machine,” a prophetic rendering of VR technology as seen through a walk in London; or the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology’s miniature quadcopters caught assembling a rope bridge in midair. Lesser future design fiction projects resemble mediocre advertising, the detritus of CES or the fever dreams of a self-styled futurist like AOL’s Shingy. It can be as basic as a drone that takes selfies or a 3D burrito printer. “There’s a lot of stuff that almost exists to chase the Fast Company headline,” says Colin James Nagy, Barbarian Group’s former chief of media and strategy. Yet however reductive, these design miniatures still help form our idea of what the future can be. “It's really easy to freak people out with science fiction. It's a heavy responsibility,” says Tellart co-founder Matt Cottam when I first meet him and Scappaticci at the company’s New York outpost, located in the corner of a Chelsea loft. He cites a maxim from the author and New School sociology instructor Barbara Adams: “Every act of future making is an act of future taking." Cottam continues, “While creating a high fidelity image of the future may broaden people's imagination for what's possible, it can also really narrow their perception of what's possible or what their options are.” He cites a potent example: one Museum of Future Government Services installation involved handing guests warm towels in the way an upscale hotel might. After the guests gave the towels back to attendants, they were scanned for biometric data to determine visitors’ identities and backgrounds. A screen displayed a visualization of their bodies and whether or not any dangerous communicable diseases were found. “Every act of future making is an act of future taking." After passing through, one pregnant Emirati woman came to Cottam worried that the scan might have impacted her baby. “I was like, ‘That scanner was a Microsoft Kinect and a projector,’” Cottam says, no more harmful than playing a video game. Although no actual biometric data scan happened, the experience left the attendee feeling that the technology was invasive and dystopian. While predicting the future is an eternal pursuit, rendering it experiential is a more modern innovation. The 1939 World’s Fair, with its theme of “The World of Tomorrow,” included Futurama, an exhibit sponsored by the General Motors Corporation and designed by the industrial designer Norman Bel Geddes. Its major forecast was a highway system connecting the entire country, and its rendering of a city block, with clean glass-and-steel buildings rising above a street crowded with cars, has been borne out by history, though not always in a positive sense; the installation’s “super highway of tomorrow” looks like the worst parts of the New Jersey Turnpike today. Data-driven future prediction emerged around 1948 with the launch of RAND Corporation. The nonprofit think tank’s “scenario analysis” practice connected military planning with private technology development. RAND’s tactics were adopted by Shell in the 1970s, creating a precedent for the corporate future-consulting we see today. Museum of the Future Photo: Tellart In the 1960s, media, art, technology, and advertising seemed to resonate at the same countercultural pitch: television, Mad Men firms, Andy Warhol, LSD. “At the edges of those things they started to blend together,” says Samantha Culp, the co-founder of Paloma Powers, a small agency that works with visual artists, often incorporating technology. The blending was furthered with initiatives like Experiments in Art and Technology and the Los Angeles County Museum of Art’s Art and Technology Program, which launched in 1966 and ‘67, bringing visual artists like Robert Rauschenberg into contact with engineers from Bell Labs. While the nexus of art and technology was already established, future design agencies didn’t emerge in earnest until the 1990s, when once again the aesthetics of one avant-garde field could be conveniently applied to another. With the advent of multimedia-capable computers, it became easier for artists and designers to work with digital technology and demand for their services grew from companies who wanted to look progressive in the internet era. 1991 saw the launch of IDEO, known for helping companies develop new products; the Dutch conceptual design group Droog was founded in 1993; digital-savvy ad makers Blast Radius and Mother in 1996; Tellart in 2000; and Barbarian Group in 2001. Younger competitors like Superflux, Red Paper Heart, Midnight Commercial, and Marshmallow Laser Feast arose in the 2010s. The agencies are paid to adapt unstable emerging technologies to marketing and branding efforts, and in the process normalize and commodify them for a mainstream audience. If you see facial recognition technology at the Museum of Future Government Services, for example, then you might not be so shocked when it actually shows up in airport security. The experiential fiction acclimatizes you to the future in advance. Today, artists and designers do residencies at Google or Microsoft as easily as a museum. This year, Nokia Bell Labs is partnering with the New Museum to fund a new art-technology residency program. “There’s an ongoing relationship between creative and industrial complexes,” says Kyle McDonald, a Los Angeles-based artist whose work both critiques and participates in the tech world (McDonald has collaborated with Microsoft Research and Google Creative Lab). The conjunction of art, technological innovation, and marketing presents a quandary for tech-fluent creatives: do you soldier on with your own independent work or do you manufacture varying degrees of future propaganda for corporations and governments? The latter often subsidizes the former as artists and corporations work, together and apart, to establish a mainstream futuristic aesthetic. Museum of the Future Photo: Tellart I arrive at Tellart’s Providence office, an airy exposed-brick loft in an old warehouse on the outskirts of downtown, on the morning of November 9th. Much of the staff appears to be in a deep post-election hangover. Even a group of committed futurists struggle when the supposedly inevitable immediate future seems to have collapsed. Once a week, the company holds an all-hands meeting over Google Hangouts with the offices videoconferencing in from their various time zones: morning in the US, happy hour in Amsterdam, night in Dubai. “We’re all going to be fine here at Tellart,” co-founder Nick Scappaticci reassures after a brief discussion, sitting with the Providence team on sleek armchairs and a couch arranged around a TV. The nationalism embodied by a Trump win seems anathema to such a post-national crowd. Matt Cottam, who is based in Amsterdam with his Italian wife, was absent from the virtual meeting. The 43-year-old Cottam’s predilection for well-cut shirts and the tendency to extend an “s” into a “z” in an unplaceable internationalist accent marks him as an American Europhile. Scappaticci, 38, who lives in Providence and runs the office there, is softer-spoken, a fatherly figure dressed in plaid and a pair of circular glasses: a sort of techno-lumberjack. Even a group of committed futurists struggle when the supposedly inevitable immediate future seems to have collapsed Cottam and Scappaticci met as industrial design students at the Rhode Island School of Design where they formed a group studio with friends working in furniture, graphic design, and filmmaking. “We were at the start of how computers could really be a part of the design process as a tool,” Cottam recalls. Their industry was changing. This was the original dot-com era, and designers were taking highly respected jobs in Silicon Valley for big paychecks. Then the bubble popped. “In some ways that was a real blessing because any temptation to go off and just take a really high-paying job was gone,” Cottam says. “We decided to create a studio that would natively combine the physical and the digital.” At the meeting, employees discuss their projects, ranging from an interactive installation for Purina to building out a digital app for an architecture institution, to testing projection-mapping software on plants. A project called Deep Future, composed of star charts projected out at 10,000-year intervals printed in beeswax by a robot on dyed cotton, has to be installed at the Museum of Tomorrow in Rio de Janeiro. Tellart works on fewer than a dozen projects at any one time, though that number has been steadily rising. Most of the company’s billing is experiential exhibitions, then product development and advertising campaigns, in which they often lend technical expertise to larger agencies. Budgets range from $100,000 for smaller installations to $3 million for the likes of the UAE projects; the vast majority are completed in less than a year. The company says their annual revenue is around $6 to $8 million. What sets Tellart apart from bigger, more traditional creative agencies is that it functions more like a Renaissance artist studio or starchitecture firm — a collective of individual artists and engineers cooperating to create a body of work under a single label. The company takes on commissions, but each project is of a piece with the rest, united by a particular style and approach driven by its founders. Museum of the Future Photo: Tellart Cottam and Scappaticci refer to human-centered design, a conceptual framework popular with IDEO and other studios. But unlike designing a better toilet plunger by focusing on its user, Tellart first envisions a future to design for. “Is this is a world where collapse happened, or a world where transformation happened, or growth?” Cottam asks. Clients might pose a product or a problem, but Tellart brings in teams of outside consultants, from architects to futurists and sci-fi novelists, for world-building and selecting a relevant situation to simulate. You’re dealing with a robo-nurse at the emergency room of an automated hospital, say, or your self-driving car is running late to work and has to dodge traffic. Finally there’s the physical stuff, the kitsch and junk of the future that make the theoretical world realistic and give visitors cues on how to behave in it. Every detail must be considered. Each Tellart project comes with a holistic narrative — the company’s name is shortened from “the art of storytelling” — and the story is a vital part of getting participants to believe in the vision. Design fiction often “takes this somewhat easy path of creating these ironic, dystopian situations where technology is buggy and glitchy. The worst is this kind of hipster mundane future,” Cottam says. “I get into my car and it's supposed to use face recognition on me to know who I am. But I didn't put on my makeup so it doesn't know who I am.” The everyday malfunction makes the future seem realistic — just as haphazard as the present — but the proposition isn’t particularly meaningful. Tellart’s early work falls into the “hipster mundane future” category. “The Real Good Experiment” for Blu Dot in 2009 imagined a high-end chair tracking you with mobile GPS (netting over 200 million media impressions). In 2011, the Love Song Machine let users whack brightly colored bells installed in the Tellart office live over the internet (more than 5,000 tunes were played, including one troll who hit a single note incessantly). The Google Web Lab in 2012 proved a turning point. Tellart created a series of interactive technological follies set in geometric white boxes, a kind of friendly robot zoo that was installed at the London Science Museum. The project showcased the internet’s new capability for real-time multimedia interaction through the lens of Google Chrome. Via the website, users could play a live mechanical orchestra installed in the museum. Visitors to the space had their portraits drawn in sand by robot arms, gazed into 360-degree cameras live-streaming from exotic locales like an undersea kelp forest, and watched data server routes visualized on a projection-mapped sculpture of the continents. Produced with Google’s in-house Creative Lab as well as partners including Universal Design Studio, B-Reel, and MAP Project Office, the Web Lab was more like a pop-up techno-carnival than an actual product ecosystem. But it burnished the reputations of everyone involved, winning design awards and bringing half a million visitors to the museum. More clients came knocking, including the UAE. Noah Raford, an MIT PhD who is now the chief operating officer of the government’s Dubai Future Foundation — the Shingy of the Emirates — was tipped off to Tellart by a mutual friend of his and Matt Cottam’s who was stationed at Fabrica, Benetton Group’s internal research center and another node in the future design industry. Raford brought Tellart to the 2014 Government Summit, and the firm has taken on a larger role each successive year, he says. They translate policy proposals into digestible future-theater. They translate policy proposals into digestible future-theater Working in the UAE means that certain cultural specificities must be designed around. VR goggles have to avoid mussing headscarves and hallways need to be wide enough for men and women to pass each other by easily. The future looks different in different parts of the world. In Western countries, “we currently have super minimalistic aesthetics,” says Zaza Zuilhof, Tellart’s lead designer. In the Middle East, “they are generally a bit more decorative. They care about things feeling and looking luxurious.” Having no nostalgia for Industrial Revolution chic, the usual hipster-mundane-future palette of concrete, wood, and rusty metal “just feels like a building site,” Zuilhof adds. The 2015 Museum of the Future theme was Smart Cities. It included Fitzania, a fitness game that equipped the player with a heavy metal sphere and plunged them into a psychedelic dot-matrix environment controlled by face recognition; the PharmaCafe, with (fake) custom medical therapies turned into misted cocktails; and the Learning Lab, an interactive immersive projection of a Mars colony staffed by employees from UAE’s actual space program. “Machinic Life” in 2016 featured cartoon AI home caretakers, a “UAE HyperMind” superintelligence that manages society, and an exhibition of body augmentation devices. The visual language that Tellart has invented for future-Dubai has stayed consistent across the years: a certain plush, high-gloss transparency that forbids hard edges and harsh colors. The result is a soothing environment in which technology is almost always your friend. The future-facing partnership with Tellart is a strategic one for UAE, a country that since the 1970s has based its economy on oil proceeds. It needs a new national industry, and technology is one marketable option. The Dubai Future Foundation also includes the Dubai Future Accelerator, an international startup lab with a tagline that might provide a manifesto: “Pulling the future forward faster.” In this context, the services of a company like Tellart are vital in helping the country brand itself as, well, futuristic. So vital, in fact, that plans have been in the works to start a joint agency company between the UAE and Tellart that will be based in Dubai, serving the national government as well as clients in the rest of the region as they, too, fashion their own futures. Museum of the Future Photo: Tellart UAE’s self-conscious utopianism has been labeled “Gulf Futurism.” It can be seen as the deployment of technology in “the proto-fascism of a society that privileges success and speed over human life,” as the Dubai and Brooklyn-based writer Rahel Aima put it in a 2013 interview. Working with a client that pays its royal families annual allowances while abusing the migrant workers who build its infrastructure, as Human Rights Watch reports allege, is a fraught decision. Making work under the specifications of such governments, Cottam says, is inherently political, “whether we like it or not.” Working in the future industry thus “becomes self-selecting. Who is willing to be ideologically neutral?” says Samantha Culp. It’s a reminder that the international artists and technologists creating our popular ideas of the future do so in contexts shaped by the pursuit of profit or power. If you can render the future in advance, after all, maybe you can also control it. The 2017 World Government Summit ran from February 12th–14th. Speakers included the research director of Y Combinator, the president of the World Bank, the prime minister of Slovenia, and LinkedIn’s Reid Hoffman. In his WGS presentation, Elon Musk argued that in order to survive the mounting tide of artificial intelligence, humanity must merge with technology: “There will be fewer and fewer jobs that a robot can’t do better.” This year, Tellart’s Museum of the Future took on the pressing issue of the environment, casting it in the techno-utopian light that future fiction is known for. “The goal was to reimagine climate change and look at it as one of the biggest and most exciting opportunities of our generation,” Scappaticci told me after the event had ended. The installations followed three concerns: food, water, and the urban environment. How will cities of the future react to agricultural scarcity, access to clean water, and rampant flooding? Museum of the Future Photo: Tellart In Tellart’s imagined future, the UAE of 2050 has it covered. In the projection, Emirati scientists combine the genes of jellyfish with mangrove roots, one of nature’s best desalinators, to create an “organic filtration plant that allows you to produce drinkable water out of the ocean,” Scappaticci explains. Visitors experienced the plant, a biomorphic alien structure fit for the new Star Wars, on a 360-degree video screen with immersive sound and temperature changes. Presented in a room flush with greenery, future food comes from AI-driven farms that occupy the garages and parking lots left empty by self-driving cars. Seeds are bioengineered and “printed” to optimize for nutritional value. Dubai visitors taste-tested the results with edible cubes made of sustainable foodstuffs like beetroot and crickets, delivered by conveyor belt. Elsewhere in the 2017 Museum of the Future, “self-sufficient” dynamic cities could be “deployed” and “grown” using City Kits, simulated on-screen by interactive virtual robots in digital landscapes. The idealized narrative that Tellart created is meant to comfort one of the wealthiest and yet most ecologically imperiled regions The idealized narrative that Tellart created is meant to comfort one of the wealthiest and yet most ecologically imperiled regions in the world. In this future, the money from oil has solved all the problems that oil dependency creates — thanks to technology, the desert becomes a permanent oasis. Tellart’s work reassures its viewers that the environment is an issue that will simply be fixed one day, through no effort on their part, save perhaps cultivating a taste for bugs. Yet there is no guarantee this future will come to pass, and no vision for it spreading to less prosperous parts of the world. Having set expectations, this future fiction is meant to eventually blur into reality. UAE is “using applied futures as a way to drive their government’s vision,” Scappaticci says, not just through the Dubai Future Foundation but across levels and departments. At the end of the exhibition, Tellart included a survey that asked the attendants which environmental challenge was most pressing and what technology should be used to confront it, in an attempt to gauge the anxieties of a nation. The 2017 exhibition was a “reframing of climate change so it’s not seen as something that we can’t get control of, that’s beyond our capabilities,” Scappaticci says. “Here’s a version of our future in which we’ve come together, we’ve solved these problems, and we’re more in harmony with the world,” presenting the possibility of a solution so we don’t have to, say, give up and move to Mars. Tellart’s boutique futurism is ultimately an optimistic one, motivated by a belief that, with funding from its clients, we can tweak the incipient future simply by envisioning it. Circuit Breaker This is the Samsung Galaxy S8, coming April 21st Tech Samsung Galaxy S8 event: start time, live blog, and where to stream Policy & Law The 265 members of Congress who sold you out to ISPs, and how much it cost to buy them Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel: The two most important Android devices right now News VSby Joshua Vergara16 hours ago 70 2632 43 The Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus are here and they look stunning. But design is not the be-all and end-all of smartphone experience. Software, careful optimization and attention to detail can tip the scale in favor of competitors. See also: Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus: which one is right for you? 2 days ago In this post, the latest Samsung Galaxy device goes up against the beloved official Google phone. It’s a battle between the purest form of Android and the most popular form of Android. This is the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus vs the Google Pixel. Both phones come in a couple sizes, but it’s important to note that the Galaxy S8 has the same screen size as the Google Pixel XL, though we’ll concede that the Pixel XL has the larger screen area overall. Despite the bigger screen, you don’t really feel that the S8 is that much bigger than the Pixel. The smaller Pixel is one of the easiest to handle devices in Android today, but the balance between display area and handling on the smaller Galaxy S8 is already exceeding the Pixel in ergonomics. It’s pretty easy to see the differences at first glance – the Pixel XL has so much going on around the display that its body feels almost unnecessarily big. With a 5.8-inch display curved on the sides to make it narrower and easier to hold, the S8 and both Pixels are further dwarfed by the S8 Plus, which packs a whopping 6.2-inch display on a body that is actually pretty decent to hold and handle. The resolutions of the Galaxy phones are also bumped up to an 18.5:9 aspect ratio, totaling 2960 x 1440 pixels (or QuadHD+), compared to the conventional Quad HD display of the Pixel XL (2560 x 1440) or Full HD on the Pixel (1920 x 1080). Of course, some changes had to be made to the Galaxy S formula to make this feat a reality – gone are the Samsung logo and the tactile home buttons, which shift the fingerprint reader to the back right next to the camera lens. This is somewhat similar to the Pixel Imprint location, but its location still feels a little odd, especially on the large Galaxy S8 Plus. The side buttons are similar, but an extra button for Samsung’s Bixby software now appears under the volume rocker. Bixby is seemingly Samsung’s answer to Google Assistant, which was originally a Pixel-only feature but now comes on a lot of devices, including the new Galaxy S8. That said, Bixby is a software suite similar to Google Now that has its own device-side voice search capabilities. Plenty of functions are available including changing the screen brightness or the ringtone, with much more to come as Samsung and third-party developers bake support for Bixby in their apps and services. Bixby also layers into the Galaxy S8 camera to give it machine vision capabilities – translate among dozens of languages or check product information, for example. Google Assistant, on the other hand, has its own uses in leveraging various apps in the Google ecosystem and has its own particular uses that many of you have probably enjoyed by now. We will see how Bixby either replaces or simply adds to Assistant, though having both is either a benefit to users or a redundancy. That said, much of the battle here will go to the newer device. The Google Pixel falls behind the 2017 pack with the Snapdragon 821 and a lack of expandable storage. The Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus include updated versions of these specs and add in Samsung Pay, water resistance and wireless charging. The S8 Plus slightly edges out the Pixel XL in battery, offering 3,500 mAh over the 3,450 in the Google-branded equivalent. The Pixel cameras, despite their great reception by Android Authority staff and viewers, are edged out a bit by the Galaxy S8 cameras. Megapixel counts are all similar – 12 for the rear and 8 for the front – but the S8 floods a bit more light in with a f/1.7 aperture in both ends. We’ve lauded Galaxy cameras in the past, especially for their feature sets and manual controls, but the Google Pixel has been awarded a slew of accolades for its great processing under Google’s auto-shooting software. Our future comparison will explore this further and see which shooter comes out on top. To end, software is a matter of subjectivity, as straight Nougat on the Pixel is beloved by Android purists. On the other hand, Samsung has tried hard to dial back on their UI in recent years, and on the Galaxy S8 we see small, but welcome, changes in its design – elements are pleasing to the eye and plenty of features are in view but are nonintrusive. It is no surprise that Samsung packs a ton of features in its flagship, like the Edge UX and customizable navigation bar, but Android lovers would posit that pure Nougat on the Pixel is lean on features but remains incredibly reliable. For this quick look at the Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel, we know that the Pixel speaks to a specific subset of Android lovers – that said, it is hard to deny how effective is Samsung in continuing to evolve the Galaxy line, even if it means slightly shifting its familiar look. We will see how the Pixel and the new Galaxy S8 fare in future in-depth comparisons, once we have our hands on the new Samsung phones. Read next: Galaxy S8 vs LG G6 Galaxy S8 color comparison Galaxy S8: all the details in one place Stay tuned to Android Authority for all of our Samsung Galaxy S8 coverage. News VS Samsung, Google, Google Pixel, Samsung Galaxy S8 Google, Google Pixel, Samsung, Samsung Galaxy S8 Joshua Vergara Writer, blogger, and videographer - Josh is a former support technician that learned much about technology by fixing everyone else's. On the side, he wrote and performed spoken word, maintained his own personal blogs, and began his own video podcast. Now, he's here at Android Authority looking to put it all together! Show 70 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 5 days ago60 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News Google Maps and Search can be used to reserve and pay for fitness classes 31 minutes ago Robot Unicorn Attack 3 begins pre-registration in the Play Store 5 hours ago Simple adds support for Android Pay 6 hours ago Telegram app update adds voice calling features for Western Europe 7 hours ago Google Allo could get a ‘quick selfie’ button among other new features 8 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
WWD logo x WWD logo search Close SUBSCRIBE TO WWD logo Fashion They Are Wearing: Festival de Viña del Mar, Chile Bridget Foley's Diary: Much Ado About Leggings Erika Albies Named VP, Calvin Klein By Appointment Tokyo Fashion Week Fall 2017 Trend: Military Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business The Ratings are in for Cosmo's Reality Show Retail’s Fat Cats: Billionaires Who Made Their Money as Merchants M&A Remains VF Corp.'s Highest Priority Amazon's Private Label March Dissected Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Shiseido Deploys Humanoid Robots on Cosmetics Assembly Lines Dove Teams With Shonda Rhimes on User-Generated Campaign Marc on Fragrance, 10 Years of Daisy Cosmetic Procedures: Kardashian-Driven, Millennial-Led Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Cristiano Ronaldo to Launch CR7 Denim Line Looking Like a Million Bucks to Sell $1 Million Listings L Catterton Makes 'Significant' Investment in Rhone Activewear Sid Mashburn Launching Online 'Made-to-Measurement' Program Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway Chika Kisada RTW Fall 2017 Acuod by Chanu RTW Fall 2017 J Brand Fall RTW 2017 St. John RTW Fall 2017 2017 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2017 Men’s Fall Collections 2017 Pre-Fall 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear Accessories Jacquemus Expands Accessories With Independent Spirit Anya Hindmarch Launches Build a Bag Collection Swarovski, Chris Bangle Develop New Crystals Ultra-Rare 'Pink Star' Diamond Returns to Auction Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Anne Hathaway Talks Getting Weird at 'Colossal' Premiere Oliver Peoples Celebrates Berluti Collaboration at Sant Ambroeus Nicki Minaj Has Officially Signed to Wilhelmina Ross Butler on Working With Selena Gomez and Shattering Asian Stereotypes Parties People Lifestyle … Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD logo Terms & Conditions © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in Welcome Account Log out search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2017 Men’s Fall Collections 2017 Pre-Fall 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Beauty Cosmetic Procedures: Kardashian-Driven, Millennial-Led clock 3h • Rachel Strugatz Fashion Bridget Foley's Diary: Much Ado About Leggings clock 3h • Bridget Foley Fashion Antwerp Museum's Exhibit Highlights Margiela's Continued Appeal clock 11h • Joelle Diderich Business Media The Federal Trade Commission to Scrutinize Media Companies “If they are creating the sponsored content, then yes, we will begin looking at them." By Alexandra Steigrad on March 30, 2017 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Kim Kardashian promoting a product on her Instagram. Sponsored content: It has become the lifeblood of media companies looking to bolster anemic print and digital revenue streams. But just as bloggers came under federal government regulations to ensure that consumers knew when these e-correspondents were being paid to write about a brand or product, now WWD has learned that the concept of sponsored content has caught the attention of the Federal Trade Commission. And there are two words that might sum up media companies’ reaction to that: Uh-oh. After all, sponsored content — otherwise called native advertising — is expected to be a $59 billion global industry by 2018, according to Adyoulike. While there is no indication that media companies or brands are doing anything wrong per se in their attempts to develop online and print content, the FTC will soon begin holding media companies accountable for deceptive practices. Part of the change is linked to how media companies have adapted to the difficult times. There are few of them around today that do not have some kind of in-house sponsored content unit that produces advertising for its partners. That transformation to hybrid publisher/creative agency has grabbed the attention of the FTC as part of its ongoing effort to ensure that consumers can differentiate between advertising and editorial content. Although the FTC works with publishers, it has never penalized a media company with a fine. “If they are creating the sponsored content, then yes, we will begin looking at them,” said Mary Engle, head of the FTC’s Advertising Practices Division. Engle cited a key case last year that changed the agency’s stance, namely the complaint against Lord & Taylor, in which the retailer tapped Nylon Media for a native campaign. Nylon produced the content for L&T about a collection from L&T’S apparel line, Design Lab. The Instagram campaign focused on a paisley asymmetric dress, which was featured in an article on must-have items. Nylon did not disclose that the dress was part of the campaign. Lord & Taylor’s Design Lab Instagram campaign.  Additionally, L&T contracted Nylon to post a photo of the dress on its Instagram page, but that wasn’t disclosed as an ad, either. Central to the social campaign was the inclusion of a team of 50 fashion influencers, who were gifted and paid between $1,000 and $4,000 to post photos wearing the dress. Those posts weren’t labeled as ads, either. “The Lord & Taylor case gave notice to the fashion industry, which maybe wasn’t paying too much attention before,”Engle said. “It’s important to everyone to understand their legal obligations.” An L&T spokeswoman said: “Lord & Taylor is deeply committed to our customers and we never sought to deceive them in any way, nor would we ever. When it came to our attention that there were potential issues with the April 2015 campaign, we took immediate action with the social media agencies that were supporting us on it to ensure that clear disclosures were made. We cooperated fully with the FTC’s inquiry and have, of course, agreed to uphold the current version of the guidelines. “It is worth noting that the FTC issued new guidelines after the campaign launched. We applaud the new guidelines that clarify the rules. We have educated our teams about them and require that any outside agencies or partners we work with understand and adhere to them as well. Further, we encourage the FTC to continue to update and communicate their guidelines clearly and swiftly as the digital and social media landscape rapidly evolves. We remain dedicated to our core values of transparency and honesty in everything that we do for our customers.”  Engle declined to comment on why the FTC did not pursue Nylon and just L&T, but noted broadly that the agency has begun looking at influencers, their relationships with publishers and the role of social media. “Generally, it comes back to if they [influencers and publishers] are promoting a particular brand or product and if they have a financial or material connection to the brand, that should be disclosed,” she said, pointing to the fallout from the lack of transparency from the Kardashians. It came to light last year that the Kardashians were not disclosing what products they were endorsing via social media on behalf of brands. A letter was sent by the nonprofit group Truth in Advertising outlining the issue, and since then, the family members who are paid to endorse products designate a sponsored post with “#ad” or “#sp.” Now most media companies spend more time working with lawyers to vet influencers or the agencies that represent them. And influencer agencies spend time laying out the rules to their clients. But according to Karen Robinovitz, cofounder and chief operating officer of Digital Brand Architects, part of the problem is a lack of clarity of the rules themselves since the landscape is changing so quickly. Robinovitz’s firm represents influencers, and some of her clients even worked on the Nylon/L&T partnership. She claimed that they abided by what they understood the guidelines to be, and once they learned of a violation, they corrected it. Nylon’s Design Lab article.  “There almost needs to be a gathering of thought leaders across media, digital, influencers,” she said. “Does there become a symbol like there is with copyright [for sponsored content] that starts standardizing the labeling?” Chris Hercik, senior vice president of creative and content at Time Inc.’s native studio The Foundry, explained why the space is so important today: “If you start looking where content marketing is going, two-thirds of digital dollars will move to social distribution,” he said. As a result, Time Inc., like its competitors, has been focusing on video and social media influencers. In order to tap into a broader social reach beyond that of its ad partners and titles, Time Inc. is creating its own influencer network. Social media stars benefit from the publisher’s access and in exchange, the firm gets greater social reach. Hercik would not comment on whether influencers are being paid. But influencers can be tricky to monitor, as they have multiple relationships with brands and publishers that they may not always disclose. This may spell trouble for media firms now that the FTC will hold them accountable for influencers. At the same time, Robinovitz claimed that the influencer isn’t always at fault; sometimes brands — especially luxury brands — ask her clients not to label their social media posts as ads. In those cases, she advises her clients to not accept the job in that case. She also noted that while influencers are on the FTC’s radar, editors and celebrities — Kardashians notwithstanding — are not to the same extent. Robinovitz cited a few double standards, namely instances in which editors accept press trips and do not mention in their social media posts that those trips have been paid for by brands. She also pointed to clothing and accessories given by brands to celebrities and editors alike — and the lack of transparency about those relationships. Influencers typically are made to tag those posts, but editors have more leeway, she said. “Our point of view is this is what it is, let’s just make sure everyone is abiding by the same publishing rules,” she said. A silver lining here is that a financial penalty from the FTC comes only when a company violates a prior order, and the agency generally doesn’t go out of its way to pursue a case unless the parties make no attempt at correcting the problem. This is due to the fact that the agency has limited resources, Engle offered, but she also explained that with the rise of third-party platforms, the importance of full disclosure is heightened. For advertising, it can sometimes be tricky for sponsored posts to be labeled as such when they hit third-party platforms. “We don’t have complete control over the way our content is projected across different platforms,” said senior vice president and chief revenue officer of Hearst’s Digital Media division, Todd Haskell. “It needs to be transparent to the reader at the point of promotion, not just the point of consumption. That’s a moving target. The platforms are evolving.” What Haskell was referring to is the way sponsored content is labeled on platforms like Facebook and Google once it migrates from Hearst’s sites to third-party platforms. Sometimes the label of “ad” isn’t extended on platforms, and thus is not labeled. Automated technology, which allows brands to disseminate their content on multiple web sites, is central to the issue. Although it was not a sponsored content issue, Google recently felt the impact of automation gone wrong when The Guardian realized its advertisements were appearing on YouTube videos from extremists. The news organization pulled its marketing from Google, which owns YouTube, and other brands, such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc., AT&T, Verizon and Johnson & Johnson, followed suit, after they learned their ads were displayed next to YouTubes videos promoting hate speech, terrorism and racism. About 250 advertisers pulled their spend from YouTube, which could cost Google $750 million, according to an analyst at Nomura Instinet. The issue has brought to light the need for more control of ad placements by brands and ad buyers on Google and other dominant third-party platforms. In order to be less ensnared by the domination of such platforms, Vox Media has developed “Concert,” a video player that has an ad server, which allows publishers to control the advertising and labeling around their content. “This is an alternative,” said Lindsay Nelson, Vox Media’s chief marketing officer. “We put so much emphasis on Concert because you lose control when you distribute content on Facebook and Google. You lose the premium environment.” Labeling aside, a central reason for the FTC’s caution is to make sure that consumers are not confused when they see a native ad, which can be slightly at odds with the mission of advertisers and publishers. After all, the whole point of native advertising is to produce sponsored content that fits seamlessly into editorial workflow in print and digital. Even though the FTC requires that such content is labeled — although they don’t agree on a universal word used for the label, which could contribute to the confusion — publishers often push the envelope for their marketing partners. According to a study by content and marketing firm Contently, with the Tow-Knight Center at CUNY and Radius Global Market Research Firm, 44 percent of the 1,212 people surveyed who were shown a native ad could not decipher the company that had paid for it. Fifty-four percent surveyed said they felt deceived by native advertising before, and 77 percent surveyed did not even identify native ads as “advertising,” with 34 percent describing it as “editorial content” or a hybrid (43 percent). Chief experience officer Josh Stinchcomb, who oversees Condé Nast’s sponsored content shop 23 Stories, said misleading the consumer not only carries a legal risk, but also a “reputational” one. “We take to heart the FTC guidelines. We look at everything through that lens in terms of how we tag things,” he said. But 23 Stories is in the business of producing sponsored content that is camouflaged to blend in with editorial. An example of blurring the lines is Condé’s Teen Vogue magazine, which put Grimes on its cover last April as part of an editorial spread. The cover story included a spread and interview by Stella McCartney, who tapped the singer for her fragrance, “Pop.” (Grimes and other Teen Vogue cover faces would appear in a TV music video for Pop over the summer). The editorial spread in Teen Vogue managed to find its way into the October issue of sister publication Glamour as a sponsored content package on hair color for L’Oréal. WWD reached out to Grimes’ agent, who indicated the singer was made aware of such usage of her image for a competitor’s brand. Nonetheless, the package has the same layout and design concept as the rest of the magazine — the only difference is the pages to the ad unit are not numbered. The use of celebrities makes the section all the more confusing and the utter dearth of designation that L’Oréal paid for the creation of the ad unit is an indication of the complexity of the problem — and the difficulty of policing it. Grimes’ Teen Vogue shoot used in Glamour.  “The line we’re trying to walk is that we want it to look native to the environment…to have a certain design aesthetic,” said Stinchcomb, who admitted that “we’re seeing that these things are looking more like the regular magazine than they used to.” He argued that the unit was tagged in some way — which, in the case of the Grimes photos in Glamour, if you consider L’Oréal’s Twitter handle next to Snapchat and Instagram logos as labeled, then, sure — and offered that the reason the advertising is so “endemic” in the pages of the glossy is because editors at the magazines work with 23 Stories. Although the executive wasn’t boasting, he agreed, and stressed that it should be labeled. Another blurry trend in native advertising is to feature multiple brands in a sponsored package. In Town & Country’s issue in May, the Hearst-owned glossy ran a front-of-book section titled: “Jewels of Mystery: An A to Z User’s Companion.” The package featured historical figures and stars through the ages wearing gems that spanned the alphabet. For instance, for “C,” Paloma Picasso is pictured adorning a citrine pendant to the 1990 Frankfurt Opera. Here’s the catch: the unit was ad-backed by Tiffany & Co. but wasn’t labeled as “sponsored,” even though only Tiffany’s gems were used as present-day examples. The only way a consumer would be able to tell that the unit wasn’t editorial was by noticing a thin gray trim on the spine of the package and the lack of page numeration. Town & Country’s “Jewels of Mystery” feature is denoted as sponsored by a gray border (left).  “Magazines have always been really brilliant at contextualization,” said president, marketing and publishing director of Hearst Magazines Michael Clinton, who brushed off the question of whether it was a violation of FTC rules. “Magazine readers know they are going to get a full endemic experience. For our kind of business, this works.” In fact, Hearst has been a trailblazer in the print native advertising space, trotting out similar campaigns with Bulgari in T&C, a Wal-Mart package for Good Housekeeping and cover wraps and peelback covers galore in its various titles, including Marie Claire, O, The Oprah Magazine and others. It also worked with Cotton Inc. for a companywide digital advertising play that featured Joanna Coles, who was at the time editor in chief of Cosmopolitan, cheekily testifying that she wears cotton pajamas when working late in the office. In defense of the new landscape, media sources said the fashion media world has always had a kind of murky relationship with brands, calling in for editorial shoots products of key advertisers to ensure they got their credits in the magazine. It isn’t directly “pay-pay-for-play,” but often veers very close to that. One insider called it a “thin Chinese wall.” However, those shoots — editorial credits or not — were clearly editorial and often included products from nonadvertisers. Plus the magazine paid for the stylist, model, photographer and all the other hangers-on. The FTC said it is concerned with violations of mislabeling content, not on whether something may be ethically off. Perhaps a bigger question is: why are media companies trading in what remains of their editorial integrity with such alacrity? “When you start compromising, it’s often because you haven’t figured out a business model to be a successful business and a successful entity,” said Vox Media’s Nelson. “As print magazines’ revenue declines, these are the companies that are trying to figure out ways to reinvent their advertising businesses and sometime they swing too far.” But digital companies are also guilty of blurring the lines — especially the larger firms like Vice Media and Buzzfeed, which have really defined the digital sponsored content space. Both Vice and Buzzfeed declined to take part in this story. Vice has reportedly pulled stories because sponsors were not pleased, and a few years ago it was criticized for not clearly stating that The Creators Project, one of its channels, was funded by Intel. And Buzzfeed has almost too cleverly disguised its sponsored content as editorial. Last year, Buzzfeed’s U.K. team was taken to task by the British Advertising Standards Authority when it ran a listicle, “14 laundry fails,” without labeling it as paid content by Dylon. Buzzfeed’s “14 Laundry Fails” listicle sponsored by Dylon.  Last summer, Buzzfeed separated its entertainment and news units, a move that to some indicated that the company realized it needed to draw a line, and to others it signaled the ability to focus on growing the entertainment business. At Refinery 29, where about 80 percent of revenue is tied to sponsorship or custom advertising it creates for brands, there’s little debate regarding any kind of separation between news and entertainment. “First and foremost, we’re a media and entertainment company,” said Refinery cofounder and co-chief executive officer Philippe von Borries. “We’ve built one of the most valued — and from a revenue perspective — largest businesses in the space, digitally, by being focused on one audience, and by being able to work with brands in a way to leverage our expertise about knowing everything we do about that audience and creating great entertainment. That’s the business.” The ceo said anecdotally that in recent years, the company has seen an uptick in luxury, fashion and beauty advertising as brands in the space have begun shifting their budgets to digital. Insiders told WWD that many of those larger brands prefer to see their ads in print at legacy magazine titles, but spend less on their web sites. “They go to the magazine companies for magazines,” said Refinery 29 cofounder and co-ceo Justin Stefano. “If they want digital, they are going to go to people who really know how to do it because that’s all they do all day long. We wouldn’t go to a luxury brand and try to sell a print ad. It’s just not what we’re the best at.” The company declined to break out financials, but Von Borries offered that its business “really took off” in 2008 with native advertising and that it essentially launched with a newsletter that it monetized. “You can’t really split [the business]. Our business is about branded entertainment,” he said. “We’re not in the business of running pre-roll advertising.” When asked how a branded content business can be objective while being sponsored by brands with messaging goals, the ceo’s seemed somewhat confused and annoyed by the question. “We’re not an agency, if that’s the question,” Stefano said, giving his definition of a media company today, which is indeed central to the FTC’s change of thinking. “There are things that we do, there are ad products that we have where we’re making stuff for the brands, but we don’t think of ourselves as an agency,” he continued. “We’re a media company. That’s what makes us different, and why brands want to work with us because we’re using tens of thousands of pieces of content across our channels every month for ourselves. Because we’re doing it for ourselves, it gives us a lot of data and insights that we can use when we’re doing it for other brands.” You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. advertising Condé Nast Digital Media Hearst Print Media Time Inc. Vice Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Business Retail’s Fat Cats: Billionaires Who Made Their Money as Merchants clock 10h • Evan Clark Latest Galleries Chefs Club Counter Opens in SoHo Fleur du Mal RTW Fall 2017 They Are Wearing: Tokyo Fashion Week Fall 2017 FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd The Klosses Are Coming: Kimby Kloss is taking you behind the scenes at her sister Karlie Kloss' Express Runway Show today, in their hometown of St. Louis. Tune into our Insta Stories starting at 4pm EST for an exclusive look. #karlie4express 🔁 @kimbykloss @wwd At first blush: Backstage at @ninaricci. (📷: @delphineachard) @wwd Staying warm in style. #theyarewearing (📷: @shootingthestyle) @wwd Fernando Garcia and Laura Kim of Monse and Oscar de la Renta, were nominated for the Swarovski Award for Emerging Talent at the CFDA Nominees and Honorees event. See all the nominee news in our Insta Stories. @wwd Little black bags are always in style. #theyarewearing (📷: @shootingthestyle) More From Our Brands Footwear News A Guide to the Best Knitted Sneakers Out Now 3h Ago Fairchild Summits & Events 2017 WWD Retail 20/20: London – The New Store Experience 3 months Ago Variety Losses At Digital Domain Holdings Hit $64 Million 2h Ago BGR Will the Tesla Model 3’s unique dashboard design alienate buyers? 17m Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Digital Daily FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD Subscriptions twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest ad
