Central & East Europe Dutch Edition Channels Broadband TV News The Industry's No.1 Information Provider Home Newsline Platforms Cable Connected TV IPTV Satellite Terrestrial Technology HDTV Channels On Demand/VOD Distribution Central & East Europe Event Coverage Calendar of Events Regulation/Legal Marketing Columns Briel On Chris Dziadul Reports Clover’s Week People Research Finance Resources White Papers Download Presentations Events Events Diary BTN Events Events Coverage Submit the details of your event About Contacts Editorial Calendar RSS & Social Networking Mobile Logos and Pictures Terms and Conditions Advertise Mechanical Data Terms & Conditions Shop + Research Subscribe You are here: Home / Newsline / Google reportedly to launch Chromecast 4k Google reportedly to launch Chromecast 4k September 26, 2016 12.27 Europe/London By Robert Briel Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Google will announce its Google Home and the 4K Chromecast Ultra devices at its October 4 event, according to Android Police. Google Home was first announced at Google I/O in May, and will have a $128 retail price. The device is a router that will allegedly be able to create a single, large wireless network using multiple access points. With the router, Google will compete with devices which are rented or sold by platform operators such as cablers, telco’s and others. Chromecast Ultra will, which Android Police is all but certain is the name of Google’s upcoming 4K version of Chromecast, will retail at $69. One of the sources claimed that HDR is on the list of bullet points for the 4k Chromecast. Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related Filed Under: Newsline, Technology Tagged With: 4K, Google Chromecast, UltraHD Edited: September 26, 2016 12:44 About Robert Briel Arnhem-based Robert covers the Benelux, France, Germany, Austria and Switzerland as well as IPTV, web TV, connected TV and OTT. Email Robert at rbriel@broadbandtvnews.com. View Robert's full LinkedIn profile here Latest News Motorsport Network aquires Motors TV April re-launch for Vivendi’s Dailymotion Lithuania suspends Russian channel Mike Fries: Probably no more Vodafone deals Euronews English secures tivùsat carriage Feature Q&A with Rodrigo Fernandes, Irdeto Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Broadband TV News speaks with Rodrigo Fernandes, Product Director, Irdeto, on important new developments in content protection. [Read More…] Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related About Us Broadband TV News covers is the Industry’s No.1 Information Provider bringing news, analysis and comment on the delivery of digital television, around Europe and the World. Broadband TV news PO Box 499 Cambridge CB1 2QF +44 1223 464359 Office Hours: Monday to Friday 08.30 to 17.30 Editions Central & East Europe Broadband TV Nieuws (Dutch) Subscribe Join over 40,000 readers to our Daily and Weekly emails. Complete the simple form to get the latest issue delivered direct to your inbox. Click Here Advertise with Broadband TV News Broadband TV News offers a range of commercial possibilities from banner advertising to white paper hosting. Keep your brand at the front of buyer's minds. Contact: Chris Griffin Commercial Director Tel: +44 7590 522475 Connect with Broadband TV News      Copyright © 2016 Broadband TV News LLP · Log inGoogle+ Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path BlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic TwitterAltRight GooglePhotoScan Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Consumer Electronics/ Smart Home/ Home Automation Hubs/ Report: Apple Developing Siri-Based Echo Rival Report: Apple Developing Siri-Based Echo Rival By Stephanie Mlot September 26, 2016 09:46am EST 10 Comments According to Bloomberg, the company is building a product to rival Amazon's Echo and Google Home. Apple is reportedly building a Siri-based smart home device to rival Amazon's Echo. The project—designed to control appliances, locks, lights, and curtains via voice activation—has entered prototype testing, Bloomberg reports. In an attempt to stand out from other smart speakers like the Echo and Google's upcoming Home device, Cupertino is using more advanced microphone and speaker technology. It may also employ facial recognition to help identify who is in the room or a person's emotional state, according to Bloomberg. The unnamed product—what would be the company's most significant hardware release since the Apple Watch—is expected to include iPhone-like Siri commands. Users could, for instance, ask the device to read emails, send text messages, post to social media, and stream music. Bloomberg also tipped the integration of mapping data, allowing the hub to inform owners of the best time to leave the house to beat traffic. An Apple spokesman declined to comment on the rumors and speculation. The tech titan first showed interest in home automation more than two years ago, with the introduction of HomeKit, which lets gadget makers link their smart home devices to iOS. Tell Siri to "get ready for bed," for example, and HomeKit-linked devices could make sure the garage door is closed, the thermostat is lowered, and the lights are dimmed. Cupertino engineers are reportedly testing the Echo rival in their homes right now—a common practice by Apple before launching new products, Bloomberg says. //Related Articles Why You Won't See an 'Apple Echo' Google's Home device, meanwhile, is expected this year; look for more details at the company's Oct. 4 event in San Francisco. Earlier this month, Amazon introduced a cheaper Echo Dot speaker for $49.99—$40 less than the original model, which arrived in March. Like its taller Echo sibling, the Dot gives access to Amazon's voice-powered personal assistant Alexa. Editor's Note: This story was updated at 1:25 p.m. Eastern with a response from Apple. Back to top Previous : Logitech 'Pop Home Switch' Gives Everyone Control Google Home Earns Top Marks for DIY Repairs Next : By Stephanie Mlot Stephanie began as a PCMag reporter in May 2012. She moved to New York City from Frederick, Md., where she worked for four years as a multimedia reporter at the second-largest daily newspaper in Maryland. She interned at Baltimore magazine and graduated from Indiana University of Pennsylvania (in the town of Indiana, in the state of Pennsylvania) with a degree in journalism and mass communications. More » More Stories by Stephanie AT&T, NASA Partner to Protect Drones From Hackers Details are scant, but a "key element" of their work will be researching "the potential impact of cy... More » Use a Bike Share? This Flexible Paper Helmet Could Protect Your Noggin EcoHelmet could be purchased for less than $5 at bike rental locations and recycled after use. More » SpaceX Wants to Deploy 4K Internet Satellites Elon Musk plans to launch over 4,000 satellites to provide reliable, high-speed Internet access to t... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
null
Technology Wearables Car Startups Mobile Lifestyle Science Sports Search Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechMalak Technology How Will Trump Election Impact the Battle for Net Neutrality 5 Innovative Ridesharing Companies Worth Taking A Look At Here Are Some Great Fire Safety Tech Innovations Samsung, Hulu And Verizion Are Acquiring Companies GearBest Is Having A Massive Online Sale AllWearables Car And The Most Expensive Car To Be Sold Is A 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO 100 More Charging Stations To Be Installed In Montreal Mercedes-AMG confirms participation in 2017 IMSA WeatherTech Sports Car Championship The 2017 Kia Cadenza Starting At Just $31,990 Watch As Ben Collins Risks His Safety In The 2017 Range Rover Sport Startups Glow Design to launch Kickstarter project for levitating crystal lamp Open Mind Innovations Wins Startup Competition With Wireless Lock Younity mobile app integrates media across all your devices Oz Smart Wallet with MYNT integration is coming soon to Kickstarter Barracuda’s New Smart Backpack Is A Winning formula Mobile When Will The iPhone 8 Come Out? The Apple iPhone 8 Promising To Be A Huge Update The Note 7 May End Up On The Chopping Blocks With AT&T Google Pixel marketing push is worth $3.2M in ads and much more BlackBerry hopes to release QWERTY keyboard smartphone in six months Lifestyle Discover How Technology Can Bring Us Closer To Mother Nature Top 5 Travel Gadgets for 2016 Distracted Drivers Are Still A Big Problem In Ontario This Amazing Soft Robot Is A Pioneering Breathrough 50 Year Old Leatherback Turtle Dies Because Of Garbage Bag AllScienceSports Technology Project Loon Is Now Upgrading To AI By Sierra Schaffer - Sep 26, 2016 For those of you who are unaware of Project Loon yet. They are a development research project run by X (Once called Google X) whose intent is to offer internet access to hard to reach rural areas. This Google project uses high-altitude balloons placed around 18 km high into the stratosphere, creating aerial wireless networks.  The services provide speeds up to 4G-LTE. The internet balloons use wind data from NOAA (National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration) to float and maneuver by altering their speed and direction. The devices are equipped with patch antennas and send signals to stations on the ground. The Project Loon Team upgraded the internet balloons with up to date navigation technology, with an idea to maximise the time the aircraft spend in the air where people are in need of their connectivity. This summer the balloons drifted over Peru for a total of 98 days from their launch site in Puerto Rico. Over the course of roughly three months, dozens of altitude adjustments were made to keep the devices at the correct height, speed, and location. Originally the balloons were only able to move up and down, similar to hot air balloons, but now, Project Loon is hoping to upgrade even further to AI-like (artificial intelligence) capabilities, or rather new algorithms in a more efficient way. Initially, the balloons used their data from NOAA to set it algorithms to a particular altitude, location or speed. But now the new AI-like algorithms learn over time, and get better based off of experience and change their behaviour in the future said Wired. “We have more machine learning in more of the right places,” says Sal Candido, the former Google engineer who oversaw the Loon Project. “These algorithms are handling things more efficiently than any person could.” “Instead of being over oceans, we can spend more time over users,” says Candido The newest algorithms that The Project Loon balloons will be outfitted with are not perfect, mainly because well, the weather is not perfect, far from it, rather unpredictable.  Over time the team hopes the balloons will get better and better with each launch. Facebook Comments SOURCEWired Sierra Schaffer Chief Editor, Reporter & Director for TechMalak. Passionate for food, health & science mixed with innovative technology. Mom of 4 and a die hard DIY'R RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR How Will Trump Election Impact the Battle for Net Neutrality 5 Innovative Ridesharing Companies Worth Taking A Look At Here Are Some Great Fire Safety Tech Innovations Trending 5 Innovative Ridesharing Companies Worth Taking A Look At How Can Technology Help You Run a Warehouse? The "World" Is Sinking Back Into The Sea, Dubai's World Islands That Is How Will Trump Election Impact the Battle for Net Neutrality Racism Still A Problem In Today's Society And The Most Expensive Car To Be Sold Is A 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO Here Are Some Great Fire Safety Tech Innovations 5 Alternative Bump App Replacements When Will The iPhone 8 Come Out? TechMalak is your automotive technology and tech startups information website. We provide you with the latest news and videos straight from tech industry. You can send us your press releases, at pressrelease@techmalak.com Contact us: info@techmalak.com POPULAR CATEGORIES Technology494 Mobile430 Car303 Science159 Lifestyle129 Startups94 Tech Deals Tip Us About Us. Contact Us Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Advertise With Us Tech Deals © Copyright-2015 TechMalak
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback SFist is a website about San Francisco View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Google Self-Driving Car Broadsided In Mountain View Crash by Jack Morse in News on Sep 26, 2016 9:40 am Photo by Grommet. In another example of what is starting to become a rather common occurrence, a Google self-driving car was involved in a collision this past Friday. However, in a marked departure from previous wrecks involving autonomous vehicles, this one left the high-tech ride seriously damaged. What's more, ABC 7 reports that the customized Lexus was in self-driving mode at the time of the crash, and that it was struck hard enough to injure the semi-redundant human inside. Unlike the incident in February, also in Mountain View, when an autonomous vehicle sideswiped a moving Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority bus, Google claims that this time the driver of the regular-old car was very much at fault. This all went down on El Camino Real near Google's Mountain View headquarters at roughly 1:30 p.m., and the search giant explained to KRON 4 that the other driver ran a red light and broadsided the Google ride. The employee behind the steering wheel, who was on hand to take charge should things go poorly, was shaken up enough that the unnamed driver was sent to the hospital with a sore neck. However this, Google assures us, is no big deal. “Thousands of crashes happen everyday on U.S. roads," reads a statement provided to KRON 4, "and red-light running is the leading cause of urban crashes in the U.S. Human error plays a role in 94% of these crashes, which is why we’re developing fully self-driving technology to take human error out of the equation, and make our roads safer.” Extra attention has perhaps been paid to wrecks involving self-driving vehicles following a fatal collision this past May. In that case, neither the Tesla driver nor the autopilot feature managed to brake in time to prevent the man's death. Following that tragedy, Tesla founder Elon Musk announced a shift in the way his cars will use radar to "see" the road — hopefully reducing the likelihood of similar deaths in the future. As more and more companies begin to saturate our streets with human-optional vehicles — Ford, Lyft, and Uber are all competing with Google — crashes like Friday's are certain to become more common. However, as Tesla loves to point out, collisions are going to happen no matter what, and so far data suggests that self-driving vehicles are safer than old fashioned human-operated ones. Which, yeah, it would appear so. Related: Will Self-Driving Cars Ruin San Francisco? Contact the author of this article or email tips@sfist.com with further questions, comments or tips. alphabet crashes google mountain view self-driving cars Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.   © 2003-2016 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 18, 9:10 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Image of Google’s 4K Chromecast Ultra Leaks Before October 4th Event By Karen Tumbokon On 09/26/16 AT 7:53 PM Close Rumors have been floating around for a few weeks now that Google’s “Chromecast Ultra,” will supposedly make its debut at Google’s hardware launch event on October 4th. Thanks to Evan “evleaks” Blass, a few images of the 4K Chromecast Ultra have now leaked ahead of Google’s event. As you can see from the images, the Chromecast Ultra…well, looks exactly like a Chromecast. It’s very similar to a hockey puck but with an HDMI cord sticking out of it, and just like the 2nd generation Chromecast. The only difference is that it has Google “G” logo on it. AndroidPolice also noted that the Chromecast Ultra could be named the Chromecast Plus, but they aren’t sure which name Google will go with. We’ll just have to wait and find out on October 4th. Related Stories 5 Reasons Google's New Laptop Matters There’s also not much out there about what’s inside the Chromecast Ultra, but rumors suggest that you’ll be able to stream 4K video and may even feature HDR support. The Chromecast Ultra will cost $69, which is twice as much as the non-4K model, that costs $35. The Chromecast Ultra will launch with firmware version 1.21, which rolled out to users who are in the Chromecast preview program. AndroidPolice points out that there is a  button on the new Chromecast Ultra that will be used as a “reset or on/off switch.” Google was planning to announce a 4K version of the Chromecast last year but got pushed back the launch date for some reason. We’re not sure where Google will hold its hardware event on October 4th, but most likely it will be in San Francisco or New York, as that’s where they’ve hosted events in the past. Be sure to tune into our coverage on Google’s hardware event on October 4th. as it happens. Let us know your thoughts on Google’s Chromecast Ultra in the comments below. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Carl Icahn's Market Forecasts For A Trump Presidency Longtime Donald Trump supporter and billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn expects the president-elect to be good for business, despite looming tariffs. Technology Snapchat Update: How To Add Bitmoji To Customizable Geofilters To make Geofilters even more fun, Snapchat. has announced snapchatters will be able to add Bitmoji to their customizable Geofilter creations, starting Friday, Nov. 18. World Crown Asks For £369M For Palace Overhaul Citing tourism and prestige, the UK's Treasury announced Friday plans for a massive refurbishment of Buckingham Palace. National Mike Pompeo To Be Next CIA Leader The third term congressman from Kansas is on the House Intelligence Committee. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 18, 9:10 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Pixel, Pixel XL Latest Leak Features Glass Top Over Metal Bottom Design, New 'G' Branding By Corazon Victorino On 09/26/16 AT 7:38 PM Close New renders of the anticipated Google smartphones Pixel and Pixel XL have surfaced online recently, and they appear to confirm previous rumors about the unique design they will be sporting at launch. Despite being two different handsets, the Pixel and Pixel XL will apparently rock the same style — one that is very minimalist yet strikingly unique. The live photos that GSM Arena recently obtained show how the top portion at the back of the handsets could either be made of glass or glossy plastic, while the bottom is made of the same metal that encases the entire bodies of the devices.  Accentuating the two-tone design of smartphones are antenna bands that give good contrast to the metal case of the handsets. A conspicuous circular fingerprint sensor is resting not too far from the primary camera on the upper left corner at the back of the handsets. What’s noticeable from this fresh batch of leaked photos is the absence of flash to complement the back camera. Meanwhile, the antenna band at the bottom cleanly runs from one side to the other. Just above it is the “G” branding of the two Pixel handsets. Previously, it was already speculated that Google was doing away with the Nexus labels alongside its decision to terminate the Nexus line for a new line with a different branding. And these photos just prove that the rumors seem to be actually true all along. Even though the newly leaked renders seem to match what previous rumors indicated about the design of the Pixel and Pixel XL, they do not corroborate the renders obtained by Phone Arena that show the handsets that sport a similar design, but feature camera flash adjacent to the back snapper. Whether or not the final releases will sport LED flash remains to be known, however, since Google has yet to confirm all these rumors surrounding its new smartphones. Related Stories What Is Google Andromeda? Google Pixel Phones Won't Be Waterproof To clarify the inconsistency between the leaked renders, Android Headlines claims that what GSM Arena got from Twitter user @iamaniff could simply be a product of an eager fan’s doing. The tech site also points out that @iamaniff’s caption “Completed by HTC, approved by Google” gives this away because it is very unlikely for Google to give a lot of freedom to HTC in designing the handsets that will be branded as devices “Made with Google.” The Pixel and Pixel XL are expected to be launched during Google’s Oct. 4 event. Formerly condenamed Marlin and Sailfish, the devices are rumored to come with either Snapdragon 820 or Snapdragon 821 processors. The Pixel is likely to feature a 5-inch display, while the Pixel XL is claimed to come with a 5.5-inch quad HD screen.  Underneath, they are rumored to house 4 GB of RAM and 32 GB of base storage. In terms of camera technology, an 8-megapixel front shooter and a 12-megapixel snapper are being anticipated. Since the Pixel is the smaller variant, it is speculated to emerge with a 3,000 mAh battery. On the other hand, its bigger brother could likely boast a 3,450 battery. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Carl Icahn's Market Forecasts For A Trump Presidency Longtime Donald Trump supporter and billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn expects the president-elect to be good for business, despite looming tariffs. Technology Snapchat Update: How To Add Bitmoji To Customizable Geofilters To make Geofilters even more fun, Snapchat. has announced snapchatters will be able to add Bitmoji to their customizable Geofilter creations, starting Friday, Nov. 18. World Crown Asks For £369M For Palace Overhaul Citing tourism and prestige, the UK's Treasury announced Friday plans for a massive refurbishment of Buckingham Palace. National Mike Pompeo To Be Next CIA Leader The third term congressman from Kansas is on the House Intelligence Committee. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
null
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish New Render Of The Google Pixel Phone Leaked By Tyler Lee on 09/26/2016 16:18 PST Google is expected to unveil their new Pixel smartphones come 4th of October. We have seen mock ups of the phone before that were created based on information given, and now thanks to a report on VentureBeat, a new rendering has surfaced of that of the Google Pixel, the smaller model of the two devices. To be fair, both phones are said to be more or less identical in terms of design, save for the display size in which the Pixel XL will sport a 5.5-inch display, while the Google Pixel (the handset pictured on the right) will have a 5-inch display. Their display resolutions are also supposed to be different, with the Pixel featuring a Full HD display, while the Pixel XL will come with QHD display. However other than that, under the hood they are both expected to be similar-ish, kind of like how the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are more or less similar in terms of specs and design, save for a couple of features. The Google Pixel phones are also supposed to represent a shift from the Nexus branding. They are also rumored to come with their own exclusive launcher and there will be features that might be exclusive to the Pixel phones. This would be a first for Google whose Nexus devices have typically come loaded with stock Android. In any case we guess more will be revealed on the 4th of October, so check back with us then if you’d like to find out the details. Filed in Cellphones >Rumors. Read more about Android, Google and pixel. Related Articles 2016-11-15 Hulu App Gets Daydream Support 2016-11-14 Google’s RAISR Upscales Images Using Machine Learning 2016-11-14 Google To Restrict Fake-News Websites From Using AdSense 2016-11-14 Google’s Self-Driving Cars Can Now Make Three-Point Turns 2016-11-14 Huawei Confirms It Passed On Google Pixel Handsets Over Branding Issues 2016-10-28 Google Giving Some Pixel Customers $50 In Play Store Credit 2016-10-26 Bootloader Of Verizon’s Pixel Phones Have Been Unlocked 2016-10-21 Google To Offer Same Day Repairs For The Pixel 2016-10-21 Google Pixel Submerged Underwater For 30 Minutes And Survives Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Lenovo continues Motorola integration by firing 1,100 employees Julian Chokkattu Digital TrendsSeptember 26, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Lenovo has laid off 1,100 employees from Motorola. The company says it's a part of ongoing integration efforts that have followed its 2014 acquisition of the company. The layoffs account for 2 percent of Lenovo's global workforce.More Lenovo has laid off more than 1,100 people, about 2 percent of its global workforce of 55,000. Ever since its 2014 acquisition of Motorola from Google, the Chinese company has laid off hundreds of employees, including former Motorola President Rick Osterloh, who is now heading the hardware division at Google. Droid Life reports a now-former Motorola employee took to Facebook to mention Lenovo was letting him go. The employee says Lenovo is moving more operations to China, although the Chinese company has confirmed with Digital Trends that it plans to keep its headquarters in Chicago. Related: Motorola is mad at Samsung for stealing its always-on screen idea “Lenovo is absolutely committed to Chicago and we plan to maintain our Motorola Mobility headquarters there,” a Motorola representative tells Digital Trends. “Chicago has a well-deserved reputation for technical excellence, and as the hub of our global R&D for our smartphone business, we expect to take advantage of local talent to continue developing Moto products there.” Lenovo says the layoffs are a part of the company’s strategy to integrate Motorola’s smartphone business into Lenovo and “streamline” products for the global smartphone market. “The company is also making adjustments in other areas of the business as part of a continued effort to manage costs, drive efficiency, and support ongoing improvement in overall financial performance,” according to the representative. “While these actions are never easy, they are a necessary part of our continued efforts to ensure long-term, profitable growth across all of our businesses.” Earlier this year, Lenovo said the integration efforts relating to Motorola “did not meet expectations,” and that product transition was “not successful” in North America. China shipments declined a whopping 85 percent, but the company said it learned from its mistakes and has formed a corporate structure that empowers two co-presidents — one to focus on the Chinese market, and the other to lead the U.S. and other emerging markets. Lenovo confirms and denies locking Linux operating systems out of Yoga notebooks Lenovo phones are about to come preloaded with Microsoft services Lenovo quietly unveils the Vibe C2, but is it this year’s Moto E? Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Ad tech company Rubicon Project has lost its CTO Business Insider Trends with Benefits: The Facebook fake news fallout and what to look for on Black Friday Digital Trends The next iPhone camera could recognize faces and objects using AR CNET Top European scientists want to crash a spacecraft into an asteroid — again Digital Trends Google disappointed by South Korean refusal on mapping data Associated Press Fitness Blogger Lets Her Belly Rolls Show, to the Delight of Fans Yahoo Beauty Insomniac Theater: 'Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them' and 'Manchester By The Sea' ABC News Videos Brian Austin Green Posts Adorable Photos of His Three Boys with Megan Fox Good Morning America Police fatally shoot Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minn. Yahoo News Photo Staff Janus' Gross says Trump will be one-termer, in failure for populism Reuters Friday Rewind: Election Protests ABC News Videos Baltimore teacher fired after racist rant at students Yahoo News Take A Look Inside Donald Trump’s $100 Million Penthouse Yahoo Celebrity Video Trump Transition Watch Yahoo News Syria’s children caught in the crossfire of civil war Yahoo News Photo Staff DIVIDED AMERICA: Easy retirement? Only for a privileged few Associated Press Trump rails against NYT for reporting on his transition ‘disarray’ mfrmorrobay: I'm so interested in how the stampeding hordes of Trump voters are going to act when they realize they were taken in by a lifelong con-man with a demonstrably psychopathic character! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 3.7k President Obama, Re-Assurer in Chief, Stops in Germany, Greece ABC News Videos Kaley Cuoco Makes No Apologies for Her Cosmetic Surgery Procedures Yahoo Beauty ‘This Is Us’ Star Chrissy Metz Talks Contractual Weight Loss: ‘I’m Not Selling Out the Big Girls’ Yahoo Celebrity Michael Flynn, Trump’s reported pick for national security adviser, sat in on intel briefings — while advising foreign clients Yahoo News Warplanes pound Aleppo – Dozens dead Yahoo News Photo Staff European stocks falter; euro hits dollar low for year AFP Family's Life with 650-Pound 'Wonder Pig' Turned Insta-Star ABC News Videos Panthers beat Saints but lose Luke Kuechly to possible concussion that left him sobbing Shutdown Corner Heartwarming Video Shows Polar Bear Petting Eskimo Dog in Canada Good Morning America Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon’s Divorce Settlement Has Some Unusual Terms Yahoo Celebrity Protesting the Dakota Access pipeline Yahoo News Photo Staff Oil set for first weekly gain in five on OPEC deal optimism Reuters How Missing Indiana Man's Family Found him Alive 23 Years Later ABC News Videos Man Linked to Celebrity Jeweler Allegedly Murdered Partygoer at His N.Y.C. Apartment People Body of Connecticut Man who Vanished After Attending a NYC Party, Discovered in Shallow Grave People Yellen: I'm not stepping down until my term is done CNBC Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery/Rumor Mobile Google Pixel shows up in new leaked image By Brandon Russell | September 26, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo If you want to go into Google’s upcoming Oct. 4 event with some of the mystery still intact, today’s leak will spoil it for you. Venture Beat, corroborating numerous reports about Google’s rumored Pixel smartphones, leaked is allegedly a render of the device, Pixel Launcher and all. While the render doesn’t reveal much, we do get confirmation that Google is ditching the Nexus Launcher for something new, rumored to be the Pixel Launcher. Some new things to expect from the launcher includes the date widget up top alongside the “G” pull-tab, which accesses a search box, and new rounded icons. The app drawer is also accessible by pulling up on the arrow, rather than by pressing an onscreen button. The navigation buttons also look a tad different, corroborating a previous report. Android Police previously reported Google’s smaller Pixel device would feature a 5-inch Full HD screen, 4GB of RAM, 32GB of storage, a 2,770mAh battery, 12-megapixel camera, and a USB-C port. A fingerprint sensor is also expected on the rear of the device, along with a small glass panel that will apparently support gestures. By the way, the device you see above is rumored to cost $649, making it the most expensive entry-level Nexus device we’ve ever seen. We’ll know more at Google’s event next week. Source VentureBeat Topics #Google #Google Pixel Brandon Russell Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Featured Story: How to Root Android: Our Always-Updated Rooting Guide for Any Phone or Tablet Android Gadget Hacks: Unchaining Android to enable tomorrow's features today — WonderHowTo How To: Get Google's Brand New Pixel Launcher on Any Android Device Dallas Thomas last month Get Google's Brand New Pixel Launcher on Any Android Device Android Police reported that the upcoming Nexus phones would be getting an exclusive launcher this year, dubbed the "Nexus Launcher." This rumored home screen app was said to feature Google Now integration, a swipe-up app drawer gesture, and a few other finishing touches. Amazingly enough, the Nexus Launcher went from rumor to reality in less than 24 hours, as Antonio Luciano leaked a copy of the home screen app on his Google+ page. A newer version was then leaked by LlabTooFeR, so we can now test drive this launcher in all its glory. Even though the launcher is rumored to be exclusive to Nexus devices when it officially launches, this leaked version can be installed on many other phones and tablets. You don't need to be rooted to try it out (though it helps), so read on below to get a taste of the Nexus experience. UPDATE BELOW! Google will be rebranding its Nexus devices this year, and they'll now be sold under the Pixel moniker. The new phones will indeed ship with this leaked launcher, but just like the hardware, the software has been renamed to Pixel Launcher. Regardless of the name, the steps below still outline the best ways to install it. You can follow along with the video as well, but if you use the root method, make sure to check out Step 4 below for instructions on updating the launcher. Non-Root Method There are two different methods for installing the leaked Pixel Launcher. The first method we'll cover does not require root, but it comes with a few bugs. Mainly, the integrated Google Now page won't work, and you'll have to install a second APK to get the new wallpapers—but if you just want to try it out, it's an easy process. However, if you're rooted with a custom recovery installed, skip ahead to the "Custom Recovery Method" section below to make sure you get these extra features. Step 1: Install the Pixel Launcher & Wallpaper Add-On With this method, you'll just need to have "Unknown sources" enabled in Settings under Security. Then, point your device's web browser to the following link, and the Pixel Launcher APK file will begin downloading automatically. Download the Pixel Launcher (.apk) When you're done there, grab the Pixel Launcher wallpaper add-on. This will ensure that you can use one of the most interesting features in the new launcher. Download the Pixel Launcher Wallpaper add-on (.apk) From here, tap the Download complete notification to launch the first APK, then press "Install" when prompted. Repeat this same process for the second APK, then you'll almost be ready to try it out. Step 2: Set Pixel Launcher as Your Default Home Screen To wrap things up, press your device's home button, then select "Pixel Launcher" from the list, and choose "Always" to make it your default home screen app. If you'd like to get a tour of the features, skip to the bottom of this article where I'll explain all of the cool new stuff. Custom Recovery Method Using this second method will make the Pixel Launcher run almost flawlessly on your device, as it will install as a system app and give the launcher a few extra capabilities. So if you're rooted with a custom recovery installed, this is definitely the way to go. Step 1: Download the ZIP First up, head to the link below to grab a copy of the Nexus Launcher flashable ZIP. This is the old version (back when the leaked launcher was going by "Nexus Launcher"), but you can easily update it to the newer "Pixel Launcher" version, and I'll expand on that below. Nonetheless, once the file has finished downloading, go ahead and boot into custom recovery. Download the Nexus Launcher (flashable .zip) Step 2: Flash the ZIP in Recovery Just to be on the safe side, you should make a NANDroid backup before you begin. With that out of the way, though, start by tapping the "Install" button on TWRP's main menu. From here, navigate to your Download folder, then select the NexusLauncher.zip file. Next up, just swipe the slider at the bottom of the screen to install the Nexus Launcher, and when that's finished, tap "Reboot System." Step 3: Set Nexus Launcher as Your Default Home Screen When you get back up, you should be prompted to pick a new home screen app. Choose "Nexus Launcher" from this menu, then tap "Always" to set it as the default. Step 4: Update Nexus Launcher to 'Pixel Launcher' Now that you've got the launcher installed as a system app, you can easily update it to the newer leaked version, which now goes by the name of "Pixel Launcher." For this part, start by downloading the Pixel Launcher APK below. Download the Pixel Launcher update (.apk) Next, tap the Download complete notification, then press "Install" when prompted. Along the way, you'll notice that the app is now calling itself "Pixel Launcher"—this is because you've just updated to the newer leaked version. Pixel Launcher Features At this point, you should be greeted by your new home screen. Some of the standouts here are a non-removable date widget in the top-right corner, which is flanked by a Google tab. Tapping this tab will let you perform a quick Google search, but the animation is misaligned, presumably because Pixel Launcher was built for a newer Google App version that hasn't been released yet. You might notice the standout feature right off the bat. The Pixel Launcher doesn't have an app drawer button, which makes room for another icon on your dock. But this doesn't mean that there's not an app drawer, because all you have to do is swipe up from the dock area to see all of your apps. The animation is quite smooth here, and all it takes is a downward swipe from the top of your apps list to minimize this interface. Then, if you long-press any empty space on your home screen and select "Wallpapers," you'll find a menu full of beautiful images. The pictures are categorized, and when you select any category, you can choose any image that suits you. But perhaps the best feature here is the "Daily wallpaper" setting—choose this one, and you'll see a new image from this category every day. Like the Google Now Launcher before it, the Pixel Launcher has a Google Now page baked right into the home screen, and this can be accessed by swiping left from your leftmost home screen. Unfortunately, though, this only works if you used the custom recovery method. Google seems to be stepping up the unique features in its Pixel devices this year, and the Pixel Launcher is hard evidence of this. Combine that with all of the signs pointing to an early release this year, and it looks like Google is hoping to give the iPhone 7 a run for its money with its upcoming Pixel offerings. Follow Gadget Hacks on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, and YouTube Follow Android Hacks on Facebook and Twitter Follow WonderHowTo on Facebook, Twitter, and Google+ Cover photo and screenshots by Dallas Thomas/Gadget Hacks Related How To: Get the Entire Google Pixel Experience with One Simple Mod How To: Get the Pixel's Amazing New 'Live Earth' Wallpapers on Your Android Device How To: Google's New Pixel 'App Shortcuts' Are Coming for Apple's 3D Touch—Here's How They Work News: Google's Pixel Phone Is Taking All the Fun Out of Android, and That's the Point How To: Get the Pixel's New Feature-Packed Camera App on Other Android Devices How To: Get Google's New Pixel Dialer on Other Android Devices How To: 7 Android Customizations That Will Make You Love Your Phone Again How To: Fit More Content on Your Screen by Changing the Pixel Density on Your Android Device How To: Get the Pixel's New Boot Animation on Any Android How To: Get a Standard Android Home Screen on Your Kindle Fire How To: Get the Pixel's New Rounded Icons on Your Android Right Now News: The Pixel Exemplifies Google's New Hardware Philosophy—To Do It Right, Do It Yourself How To: Get Android M's New App Drawer on Any Device Right Now News: Christmas Is Coming Early! Android 7.1 Beta Is Hitting Nexus Devices This Month News: Google Pixel Reviews Are Out—Here's What People Are Saying News: The Latest Google Pixel Phone Leaks Show It All It's Official: Pixel Phones from the Google Store Will Be Rootable with Unlockable Bootloaders How To: Install the ElementalX Custom Kernel on Your Pixel or Pixel XL News: Google Is Deadly Serious About Taking on Apple's iPhone How To: Root Your Google Pixel or Pixel XL News: Why Pixel Root & Custom Recovery Methods Are Taking Longer Than Usual News: Google Pixel's Pros & Cons How To: Fix Defective Pixels & Improve Image Quality on LCD & LED Monitors How To: Get the Nextbit Robin's Launcher on Any Android How To: Get the Android 4.4 KitKat Launcher & Google Now on Your Samsung Galaxy Note 2 How To: Add "OK Google" Hotword Search to HTC Sense & Other Android Launchers How To: 18 Tips & Tricks to Help You Master Your Google Pixel How To: Get the Pixel's Fingerprint Swipe Notification Gesture on Other Devices How To: Get the Pixel's New Google Assistant Working on Other Android Devices How To: Install the Android 4.4 KitKat Home Launcher on Your Samsung Galaxy S3 News: It's Official—The Made by Google Pixel Smartphones Are Here News: Samsung's TouchWiz Updates Aren't as Bad as You Think How To: 6 Unique Android Launchers That'll Get You to Ditch Your Stock Home Screen How To: Install Firefox OS on Android Without Any Rooting or ROMs How To: New Google Now Launcher Makes Your Old Android Feel Like It’s Running Lollipop How To: Bypass Candy Crush Saga's Waiting Period to Get New Lives & Levels Immediately How To: Access Your Android Apps from Anywhere with the GYF Sidebar Launcher How To: Remove TouchWiz on Your Galaxy S6 for a Clean, Stock Android Look How To: Get Android Nougat's New Navigation Keys Right Now FYI: Why Android's Snapchat App Takes Inferior Photos 1 Comment 1 stephan jorissen 2 weeks ago Ok, I installed it, but was does it add, just the google now launcher and 5 icons at the bottom? There's nothing to customise! I'm going back to Nova ;-) Reply Share Your Thoughts You Login to Comment Click to share your thoughts Hot Latest How To: Get Google's Brand New Pixel Launcher on Any Android Device How To: Test for Adups' Spyware on Your Phone—& Disable It News: RCS Is Finally Here... If You Have the Right App, Phone & Carrier News: These Android Phones Could Be Affected by Adups' Chinese Spyware How To: 12 Free Android Games That Work Without an Internet Connection News: OnePlus 3T Isn't Much of an Upgrade, but It's Still a Solid Phone How To: Get the Pixel's Navigation Buttons & Google Assistant Animation on Your Nexus PSA: If You're Having Auto-Focus Issues on Your Pixel, It's Probably Your Case's Fault How To: Google Actually Has 4 Different 'Assistants'—Here's the Best One for You How To: Get the Pixel's 'Zero Shutter Lag' Camera with HDR+ Features on Your Nexus How To: Google Now Is Banned in Several Countries—Here's How to Enable It How To: Don't Wait for Google—Get Night Mode Right Now on Android Nougat How To: Make Your Pixel's Screen Up to 20% Brighter News: Quick Charge 4.0 Is Coming Even as Google Warns OEMs Against It How To: Use Facebook's New Snapchat Clone 'Flash' on Any Android Phone User Testimonials: Why People Are Switching from iPhone to Pixel How To: Get Motorola's Active Display Features on Your Pixel or Nexus How To: This App Lets You Tweet & Take Notes from Android's Quick Settings Panel How To: Enable True Stereo Sound on Your Pixel XL How To: 20 Google Home Easter Eggs & Fun Commands How To: Install the ElementalX Custom Kernel on Your Pixel or Pixel XL All Features How To: Get Google's Brand New Pixel Launcher on Any Android Device How To: Test for Adups' Spyware on Your Phone—& Disable It News: These Android Phones Could Be Affected by Adups' Chinese Spyware News: RCS Is Finally Here... If You Have the Right App, Phone & Carrier How To: 12 Free Android Games That Work Without an Internet Connection How To: Get the Pixel's Navigation Buttons & Google Assistant Animation on Your Nexus How To: Get the Pixel's Amazing New 'Live Earth' Wallpapers on Your Android Device How To: Get the Pixel's 'Zero Shutter Lag' Camera with HDR+ Features on Your Nexus How To: 7 Ways to Bypass Android's Secured Lock Screen Android Basics: How to See What Kind of Processor You Have (ARM, ARM64, or x86) How To: Convert a Micro SIM Card to Fit the Nano Slot on Your HTC One M8 How To: Galaxy S5 Battery Dies Too Fast? Here's Why & How to Fix It How To: See Passwords for Wi-Fi Networks You've Connected Your Android Device To How To: Don't Wait for Google—Get Night Mode Right Now on Android Nougat How To: Get Motorola's Active Display Features on Your Pixel or Nexus How To: Tell if Your Android Has Been Hacked (& What You Can Do About It) How To: Connect Your PS4 Controller to Your Android Device for Easier Gameplay How To: Google Actually Has 4 Different 'Assistants'—Here's the Best One for You News: OnePlus 3T Isn't Much of an Upgrade, but It's Still a Solid Phone How To: Return Your HTC One to 100% Stock (Unroot & Update) How To: Get Spotify Premium Features on Android Without Paying a Dime All Hot Posts © 2016 WonderHowTo, Inc Sections Android Gadget Hacks How-Tos Android Basics Games HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO 4G Everything Else News Android Gadget Hacks News Roundups IFA 2014 News Everything Else Forum Android Gadget Hacks Forum Android Gadget Hacks Android Gadget Hacks Home Nexus Samsung Galaxy S5 HTC One Samsung GS4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Nexus 7 Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy S6 LG G3 Amazon Fire OnePlus Samsung Galaxy S7 Galaxy Note 4 Featured Sites WonderHowTo Home Food Hacks Daily Next Reality Gadget Hacks Null Byte The Secret Yumiverse MacGyverisms Lock Picking Mad Science Mind Hacks Categories Alcohol Arts & Crafts Autos, Motorcycles & Planes Beauty & Style Business & Money Computers & Programming Dance Dating & Relationships Diet & Health Disaster Preparation Education Electronics Family Film & Theater Fine Art Fitness Food Gambling Games Hobbies & Toys Home & Garden Hosting & Entertaining Language Magic & Parlor Tricks Motivation & Self Help Music & Instruments Outdoor Recreation Pets & Animals Pranks & Cons Software Spirituality Sports Travel Video Games Weapons Next Reality Sites Next Reality Home Augmented Reality News Mobile AR News Google Glass Mixed Reality News HoloLens Magic Leap Meta 2 Virtual Reality News HTC Vive Mobile VR News Oculus Rift Gadget Hacks Sites Gadget Hacks Home Android Gadget Hacks Nexus Samsung Galaxy S5 HTC One Samsung GS4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Nexus 7 Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy S6 LG G3 Amazon Fire OnePlus Samsung Galaxy S7 Galaxy Note 4 iOS Gadget Hacks Smartphones Digiwonk Hacks, Mods & Circuitry Internet Mac Tips Windows Tips Cord Cutters Tablets Tech Pr0n Featured on WonderHowToApple Roses Are the Classiest Way to Make a Fruit Tart
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         New Google Pixel image leaks out Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | September 26, 2016 59 shares 59 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               UPDATE: And now a render of the Google Pixel XL has leaked, too, looking a lot like the regular Pixel but with a different wallpaper. The Pixel XL is expected to be larger than the Pixel, with the former offering a 5.5-inch display and the latter packing a 5-inch screen. You can see the Pixel XL render below.   Can’t get enough Google leaks ahead of the company’s October 4 event? No? Good, because another one has surfaced. A new render of the Google Pixel phone has leaked out. Shared by VentureBeat, the render shows the front of the smaller Pixel, though rumors have suggested that the designs of the two phones will be fairly similar, so the front of the Pixel XL could look like this, too. On the front of this Pixel phone is a camera, earpiece, and sensor, and on the side we can see what are likely power/lock and volume buttons. The display shows the leaked Pixel/Nexus Launcher that we’ve seen in the past, complete with the new Google “G” tab and date widget as well as the refreshed app dock and drawer. We can see white on-screen navigation buttons and round app icons, too. While today’s image leak doesn’t show the back of the Pixel, previous leaks have shown that it’ll have a glass insert that’ll house a fingerprint reader as well as the rear camera and flash. Finally, it’s said that the Pixel and Pixel XL will be sold by Verizon in the US, which will be good for getting them in front of the general public. It’s also expected that they’ll be sold unlocked, which is welcome news for everyone not on Verizon. Pricing for the Pixel is rumored to start at $649. Source:  VentureBeat Android Rumors and Leaks Google HTC Previous ArticleXiaomi Mi 5s debuts with ultrasonic fingerprint reader, Mi 5s Plus has dual 13MP rear cameras Next ArticleSamsung Pay gains support for Capital One cards Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Xiaomi Mi 5s debuts with ultrasonic fingerprint reader, Mi 5s Plus has dual 13MP rear cameras YouTube Go is a new app that's all about helping you manage data usage Chrome for Android gaining new features, like Data Saver for video Do you need an unlimited data plan? View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 2 days ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 6 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 4 days ago 12 shares 7 2 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 6 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 22 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes HTC 10 22 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News Amazon Echo gaining ability to AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note Sprint News Sprint Black Friday deals include HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest T-Mobile News T-Mobile to offer Black Friday Samsung Gear S3 Frontier hits T- Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Verizon Wireless Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge now Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
News Opinion Tech Reviews Events Webcasts Job Zone Newsletters Social Media Facebook @LibraryJournal @LJReviews Tumblr November 17, 2016 Contact Us Masthead Contact the Reviews Editors LJ Social Media Advertising Print Subscriptions Awards Submissions News, Features, Feedback, etc. Submitting Titles to the LJ Book Review About Diversity Privacy Policy Comment Policy Terms of Use Library Journal Library News, Reviews, and Views Loading ... Latest Stories Publishing & Industry News Architecture, Buildings, & Facilities ALA Conferences & Meetings More Categories Features 2016 Movers & Shakers Year in Architecture Star Libraries Placements and Salaries Survey Library of the Year Best Small Library in America Librarian of the Year Paralibrarian of the Year INFOdocket Academic Academic Movers Technology Managing Libraries Budgets & Funding Marketing Library Services Lead the Change Careers People Placements & Salaries LIS Education Job Zone Reviews Prepub Alert Audio in Advance Collection Development Readers’ Advisory What We’re Reading Opinion Columns Backtalk Self Publishing and Libraries by James LaRue Peer to Peer Review by Various From the Bell Tower by Steven Bell Not Dead Yet by Cheryl LaGuardia Leading from the Library by Steven Bell The User Experience by Aaron Schmidt Office Hours by MIchael Stephens Blatant Berry by John N. Berry III, Editor-at-Large Editorial Blogs Annoyed Librarian INFOdocket by Gary Price Digital Libraries by Roy Tennant In the Bookroom Subscribe to LJ Subscribe to Library Hotline LJ for iPad Book Verdict Subscribe to Email Newsletters Awards Research Case Studies Professional Development Business Fundamentals for New and Aspiring Directors | Online Course Strategic Merchandising & Collections That Circ | Online Course Successful Library Marketing | Online Course Maker Workshop | Online Course The Transformative Power of Community Engagement | Live Workshops Transform Your Stacks to Drive Circulation | Live Workshops What 21st Century Library Leaders Know and Do | Live Workshops Events ARCHIVE: TDS2016 Virtual Conference Directors’ Summit 2016 Design Institute 2016 SELF-e SELF-e Submissions You are here: Home / Academic Libraries / The First Year | College Readiness The First Year | College Readiness By Lauren Barack on May 25, 2016 Leave a Comment Photo credit: Purestock/Thinkstock Heather Moorefield-Lang has witnessed the face of freshman terror when the first-year students walk into the college library at the University of South Carolina in Columbia, are confronted by two million books, and don’t know where to start. As an assistant professor at the School of Library and Information Sciences, she knows that relieving that angst is her job. “We find students search on Google, decide the first hit is the right one, and then go on with their day,” says Moorefield-Lang. “We also have students who come in and believe if something is on the Internet it must be true. We would like them to know the difference between information that’s research-based [or not] and [between] a scholarly and popular resource.” Preparing students for college is the endeavor of most high school educators. Librarians, in particular, understand the research and critical thinking abilities a college education requires. But often many find themselves hamstrung. If the school has a librarian at all, their scarce resources of time, money, and space may be taken up with test prep requirements at the expense of things such as subscriptions to databases, which nearly every college student will need to know how to navigate. Public libraries, of course, must juggle supporting students with the rest of their constituents—and can only reach those who choose to ask for research help. College librarians, and others who work closely with college freshmen, understand that their high school colleagues are already pressed to do much with little. Yet that doesn’t mean they don’t have a wish list of what first-year students should come armed with in terms of scholarly skills. Pulling the plug on Google As the director of undergraduate programs at Yale University, New Haven, CT, Emily Horning says many incoming students are familiar with databases, but Google dependency is still fairly ­common. So Horning and her colleagues often work with students to refine keyword searches and locate details they need. Her goal is to help them find source materials they wouldn’t discover with a search engine—and have them understand that they’re expected to do this kind of in-depth work at this point in their education. “They realize that the kind of sources their professors will want to see are things they can find in the library,” she says. “Not necessarily poking around on Google.” Nonetheless, students sometimes push back at instruction on how to use databases, or how to work around a gap in the scholarly record. Eliot ­Finkelstein of the College Library at the University of Wisconsin-Madison (UW-M) says students will say they’re switching topics because they can’t find any information on their initial idea. Finkelstein, public services librarian and instruction coordinator for the university’s undergraduate library, knows this attitude reflects today’s culture, in which Google results come up in a nanosecond. But, he says, that’s the antithesis of what college, or scholarly, work is about. Instead, he wants students to understand they’re contributing to a conversation—and are expected to put forward a new, original thought. To do that? Students must invest their time and ideally their excitement. “Research is messy,” says Finkelstein. “If there’s nothing on your topic, or you’re not finding anything, maybe that’s a good thing. Then you can add a point of view that hasn’t been explored and find other sources that can help you bring that out. It’s a discovery process.” Plagiarism school Working with students who don’t know how to quote or cite other people’s materials properly is another hurdle college librarians face. Yale’s Horning sends students to reference books or online sites such as Zotero and EndNote, which can help them format their materials quickly and accurately. Still, there are students who just don’t understand that they must credit others and that failing to do so is plagiarism and not allowed in college. Kent State University, OH, actually runs a so-called plagiarism school, managed by librarians for students who have been caught plagiarizing. The librarians walk the offenders through their papers, explaining the proper method of attribution. If the students get help with the citations, they can sometimes still get a grade for that work, albeit lower than what they would have gotten had they cited appropriately in the first place. “We also have sessions to explain what plagiarism is,” says Jasmine Jefferson, a first-year experience librarian at Kent State. “But students can only come to plagiarism school once.” Freshman wish list Even as college librarians understand, and voice their recognition, that high school librarians are working with limitations, they still wish freshmen had, at least, some familiarity with writing a research paper. “Something beyond a report,” says Sherri Saines, a reference librarian at Ohio University’s Vernon Alden Library in Athens. “A writing exercise in which the student gathers information, digests it, learns something from it, and then writes about it. Our students come without that experience, which is surprising. I have talked with high school librarians, and they say, ‘I lost all that time because of testing.’ It makes me want to scream.” Allison Mackley gets that concern. That’s why the teacher-librarian and library department chair at Hershey High School, PA, runs a semesterlong class called “Ethical Research from Passion to Purpose,” with the end result an original research paper. “The class is becoming more popular because kids realize they need these skills when they start college,” she says. “One student also got an internship in Washington, DC, based on her project, the use of social media in political campaigns.” Cathy Jo Nelson wants to help her 2,400 students at Paul M. Dorman High School in Roebuck, SC, so she invests heavily in databases so the high schoolers are familiar with these online resources before they start college. Nelson estimates the school has about 30 databases available, some paid for by the state and about seven paid for by the school. “Every year the purchase order crosses [the principal’s] desk and he asks if these are necessary,” she says. “We have to justify it every year. But we have a heavy emphasis on making our students college career ready. And one way we do that is by beefing up on subscription databases to make sure [our students are] exposed to what their college environment will be as well.” IdaMae Craddock starts even younger. As the librarian at Burley Middle School (BMS) in Charlottesville, VA, Craddock gets her sixth to eighth graders started by building annotated bibliographies. The middle schoolers learn how to use citations and are taught to recognize a reliable source—and what is not. Craddock knows how important research skills are during the college years. Before working at BMS, she spent three years as the school librarian at Monticello High School, also in Charlottesville, working with AP English students on their research projects, helping them to locate and spot reliable and primary sources. “That’s especially important now at the middle school as we have a Maker Lab in the library,” says Craddock. “So whatever the students want to make, the instructions need to be from a reliable source.” Building partnerships When she was at the high school, Craddock says she partnered with a librarian at the University of Virginia who would come to the school to talk with students about college-level research. She also arranged a field trip so students could find primary sources on their own. Other colleges, among them Kent State and UW-M, say they support that back-and-forth with the high schools in their area. Yet whenever the students show up—as high schoolers or college freshmen—librarians want that first experience of exploring a college library to remain fun. If students feel criticized for not knowing how to research a paper, properly source material, or locate information they need for a project, they’re not only less likely to do well—they’re less likely to ask for help again. Getting hung up on where they are and putting added stress on their experience will only alienate students further. And that doesn’t help them—nor the college hoping to provide their education. “We take them where they are,” says Virginia Tech instruction librarian Carolyn Meier. “We move them forward and show them all the cool stuff we have and what we can do to help them. The more positive you are, the more excited you are, the happier they will be. If you approach them with, ‘This is how you can do this, and it’s easy’ rather than, ‘Why didn’t you learn this in high school?’ it [opens] a better frame of mind for them and a better frame of mind for us.” This article was published in Library Journal's May 15, 2016 issue. Subscribe today and save up to 35% off the regular subscription rate. Filed Under: Academic Libraries, Featured, LJ in Print Tagged With: college readiness, information literacy, LJ_2016_May_15 Discussion: Leave a Comment Comment Policy: Be respectful, and do not attack the author, people mentioned in the article, or other commenters. Take on the idea, not the messenger. Don't use obscene, profane, or vulgar language. Stay on point. Comments that stray from the topic at hand may be deleted. Comments may be republished in print, online, or other forms of media, per our Terms of Use. We are not able to monitor every comment that comes through (though some comments with links to multiple URLs are held for spam-check moderation by the system). If you see something objectionable, please let us know. Once a comment has been flagged, a staff member will investigate. We accept clean XHTML in comments, but don't overdo it and please limit the number of links submitted in your comment. For more info, see the full Terms of Use. Speak Your Mind Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Recent & Popular Recent Posts Most Commented Most Viewed Big Data and Small Steps at the Charleston Conference 2016 National Book Awards Challenge Political Climate with Literature, Celebration EU Court: Treat Ebooks like Print Books Open to Change | Office Hours Jenna Hartel | LJ/ALISE Excellence in Teaching Award Winner 2016 ALA President Julie Todaro Releases Statement on Libraries, the Association, Diversity and Inclusion ULC Awards Celebrate 2016 Top Innovators Empathy as the Leader’s Path to Change | Leading From the Library Making a Rough Journey a Bit Smoother | From the Bell Tower America’s Star Libraries, 2016: Top-Rated Libraries LJ Index 2016: The Star Libraries by Expenditure Category The Right Questions | Office Hours Calling All Change Agents: Let’s build a sustainability movement | Editorial LJ Index 2016: What is E-Circ and Why Did We Add It? America’s Star Libraries, 2016: Top-Rated Libraries LJ Index 2016: All the Stars, State by State Year in Architecture 2016: Open for Business LJ Index 2016: The Star Libraries by Expenditure Category Pallante Resignation May Indicate New Approach at Copyright Office LJ Index 2016: Find Your Library The Right Questions | Office Hours INFOdocket by Gary Price Public Library News Roundup: A Selection of 16 Reports From Canada and U.S. The Electric Bookworm Library Tech Hackathon Begins Tomorrow at California State University, Bakersfield ALA Releases Three Policy Briefs (Small Biz Development, Veteran Services, Broadband Access) USA Today’s New Virtual Reality Series Features a Tour of Yosemite National Park with Ken Burns Complete List: Winners of 2016 National Book Awards New Report/Data: U.S. Department of Education Releases New Graduate Earnings Data for Career College Programs SPONSORED CONTENT Patrons Less Cognizant of How Libraries Are Used Removal of Collections Causes Concern Among Library Patrons Librarian of the Near Future (Infographic) Four Ideas to Kickstart Your Makerspace Teaching Visual Learners with Data Visualization SPONSORED CONTENT 10 clever tips for promoting your research online Do scientists and members of the public engage with research differently on social media? October High Five – From Body to Mind to Star dust Papers, Policy Documents and Patterns of Attention: Insights from a Proof-of-Concept Study Spooky Science – Altmetric Share a Collection of Research and News That will Haunt You at Halloween Advertisement About Library Journal Contact Us Masthead Contact the Reviews Editors LJ Social Media Advertising Print Subscriptions Awards Submissions News, Features, Feedback, etc. Submitting Titles to the LJ Book Review About Diversity Privacy Policy Comment Policy Terms of Use On Twitter Tweets by @LibraryJournal On Facebook Top of Page Copyright Library Journal © 2016
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Mobile   /   Google Plans Tablet and Laptop Running Android, Chrome OS Hybrid       Google Plans Tablet and Laptop Running Android, Chrome OS Hybrid     By Jaikumar Vijayan  |  Posted 2016-09-26 Print               The company is reportedly developing a Pixel laptop and a Nexus tablet—both featuring Andromeda, which combines Android and Chrome OS features. Google is reportedly developing a new Pixel laptop computer and a Nexus tablet featuring an operating system that will be a hybrid of its Android and Chrome operating systems. The devices are slated for delivery in the third quarter of 2017, the 9to5Google and Android Police blogs reported this week. The new Pixel laptop, code-named Bison, will apparently be based either on an Intel M3 or i5 Core microprocessor and support up to 128GB of storage and 16GB of RAM. It will likely incorporate a fingerprint scanner, a touch keypad and several of the other accouterments that are standard in laptops in its class, Android Police said, quoting two unnamed sources. Meanwhile, 9to5Google described Google as working on a Nexus tablet based on hardware from Huawei that is also due out in the third quarter of 2017. Both new devices will reportedly feature Andromeda, a new Google operating system that melds the features of Android and Chrome. Google did not comment on the company's reported plans to launch the new devices next year. In a brief emailed note, a Google spokesman said the company doesn't comment on rumors and speculation. The latest reports resurface previous speculation about the company's plans to combine the best elements of Android and Chrome into one operating system that will run on both mobile and laptop devices. Earlier this year, The Wall Street Journal claimed that Google engineers have been working for more than two years to combine the two platforms into one. Google apparently wants Android running on even more devices than it is on presently, The Journal said. Google also wants to merge the two operating systems because company officials think it can attract more developers to a unified operating system, according to the newspaper. Google will continue to support an open-source version of Chrome but most likely under a different name, The Journal had speculated. Google has admitted that it is looking to cherry-pick the best features in both Chrome and Android and combine them into one OS. However, the company has insisted that it has no plans to fold Chrome entirely into Android as some have speculated. The company has reiterated its commitment to stick with the Chrome OS for the foreseeable future and has pointed to several planned upgrades for the technology this year and next. The new laptops that Google is apparently developing will not be sold as Chromebooks, according to the two blogs that broke the story this week. Instead, it will likely be positioned as a more full-featured alternative to Windows- and Mac OS X-based systems. No information is available on Google's planned pricing for the two systems.           LATEST MOBILE ARTICLES   MobileIron Adds Single Sign-On to Box, Office 365, Salesforce Apple And PayPal Enable Payments Through Siri Voice Commands Revamped Google Play Music to Use Machine Learning to Suggest Songs Google Rebuts EU Complaint About Android Bundling Charges GoPro Recalls All 2,500 of the New Karma Drones Sold to Customers                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Circuit Breaker Google Mobile Google's new Pixel smartphones show up in leaked images New, 175 comments It may start at $649 by Nick Statt@nickstatt Sep 27, 2016, 3:27pm EDT share tweet Linkedin VentureBeat We're just one week away from the unveiling of Google's newest smartphones and VentureBeat has got its hands on a clear image of the gadgets. Supposedly called the Pixel, the device is said to replace Google's Nexus line with two different sized devices and fresh brand names. According to Android Police, one will be a 5-inch smartphone called the Pixel, to replace last year's LG-made Nexus 5X (seemingly pictured above), while a 5.5-inch model called the Pixel XL — which is pictured below — will supplant the Huawei-produced Nexus 6P. Both phones are said to represent a new philosophy at Google's phone division, which is aiming to be more "opinionated" about the software and hardware of its handsets in the words of CEO Sundar Pichai. The smaller of the two devices may start at $649, Android Police says. The new Pixel smartphone is rumored to replace Google's Nexus line The leaked images don't tell us too much other than the obvious fact that the Pixel — or whatever Google decides to call it — will be a very stripped-down, no-frills device. We can see a barebones version of Android layered on a device that looks as if it borrows here and there from the existing Nexus 5X and the iPhone 7. Google hasn't said too much about its upcoming event, other than aggressively advertising the new products as true iPhone competitors using a new dedicated website, mammoth building-sized advertisements in Germany, and even a statue in Brooklyn Bridge Park. We'll obviously know more on October 4th when Google takes the wraps off the new phones, so tune in then for more concrete details on the future of the Nexus line. Update: September 27th, 3:27PM: Added image of the purported Google Pixel XL from VentureBeat. A history of the Google Nexus Source: VentureBeat Next Up In Circuit Breaker Researchers send text message using chemicals This Panasonic megaphone automatically translates commands into multiple languages Amazon is rolling out Alexa-only shopping deals Apple launches repair program for iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ flaw Google's new Pixel phone case will put the day's news where you can't avoid it Star Wars drones are coming to the US just in time for the holiday toy hunger games Now Trending Microsoft Surface Studio review: a beautiful invader of Apple's base Sand's End Google has added an eraser for bleak skies in Photos This Article has a component height of 14. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Poll Tech First Click Poll: Is this the holiday you finally buy that drone? by Thomas Ricker@Trixxy I really want a drone. Every Christmas since I was a kid has been highlighted by some kind of remote controlled vehicle. I’ve had countless RC cars, of course; tanks, boats, and lots and lots of remote-controlled helicopters. The quality has... New, 0 comments Circuit Breaker Science Tech Researchers send text message using chemicals by James Vincent@jjvincent We take it for granted that modern communication systems — everything from smartphones to the internet — use electronics to send and receive messages, but what if that weren’t the case? A group of researchers from Stanford are exploring an... New, 0 comments US & World Entertainment Politics Kanye West: America is a racist country and I would have voted Trump by James Vincent@jjvincent At a concert in San Jose during his Saint Pablo tour, Kanye West opened up about the 2016 election in typical style. According to videos and tweets from the night, West told fans —in no particular order — that if he'd voted he would have voted for... New, 18 comments Microsoft Gaming Tech Microsoft cuts top Xbox One games by 40% in Black Friday deals by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is unveiling its Black Friday deals for the Xbox One today. New Xbox One games like Battlefield 1, FIFA 17, Titanfall 2, and even Overwatch are all being discounted by up to 40 percent. Battlefield is available for $40.19 until November... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Cybersecurity UK hackers use customer mobile data to steal their upgrade phones by James Vincent@jjvincent Hackers have accessed a database of customer information belonging to one of the UK’s biggest mobile carriers, Three. According to a report from The Telegraph, the company said the database included names, phone numbers, addresses, and dates of... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Tech This Panasonic megaphone automatically translates commands into multiple languages by Sam Byford@345triangle Japanese businesses are finding they need to deal with increasing numbers of foreign visitors to Japan, and Panasonic thinks it has the answer: a megaphone that translates the user’s voices into multiple languages. The Megahonyaku, which is a... New, 4 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Google Andromeda OS: What is it and which devices will it power? Elyse Betters26 September 2016Laptops Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Android and Chrome OS are about to majorly change, according to new reports. Google is rumoured to be developing a new laptop that might fall under the "Pixel" brand name - just like the company's upcoming Pixel flagship phones, but the most remarkable thing about this yet-to-be-unveiled device, which goes by the codename Bison or nickname Pixel 3, is it will run on an entirely new operating system that merges Android with Chrome OS. That hybrid operating system is currently dubbed Andromeda. Here's everything we know so far about it, including when it will be available to use. Android Police What is Google Andromeda? Many reports have suggested Google is making an Android-Chrome OS hybrid. Say goodbye to Chrome OS, will be folded into Android in 2017 Chrome OS Android: Working to bring together best of both The Wall Street Journal reported last year that Google is attempting to fold Chrome OS (the OS it developed to power Chromebooks) into Android (the OS it developed for Android mobile devices, including Nexus devices). Engineers at the Mountain View, CA-based company have reportedly been trying to combine the two systems over the past three years, with the goal of unveiling a single, unified operating system by 2017. Google ‘Pixel 3’ laptop running Andromeda OS planned for 2017 For instance, more recently, Android Police claimed Google will release a Bison/Pixel 3 convertible laptop in Q3 2017, while 9to5Google said a Nexus-branded, 7-inch tablet made by Huawei will arrive by the end of 2016. Both these devices will run a new OS called Andromeda, which is thought to be the name of Google's hybrid Android/Chrome OS. Because it'll run Andromeda, the Pixel 3 won't be marketed as a Chromebook. The Pixel 3 is meant to showcase Andromeda in a laptop form factor and will actually rival Windows PCs and MacOS machines. Google Didn't Google already merge Android with Chrome OS? Sort of. At I/O in June 2016, Google confirmed plans to bring Android apps to Chrome OS products. That means you're basically able to download and install apps from the Google Play Store onto your Chromebook. Soon, you'll be able to fling Angry Birds from a catapult on your Chromebook and download a shedload of other apps you'd normally find on your phone or tablet. However, according to Android Police, Andromeda is a completely separate effort from Android apps on Chrome OS. It said Andromeda is a much larger initiative that's all about merging Chrome features into Android - not vice versa. Android Apps on Chrome: Give your Chromebook an app-vantage Does this mean Android is dead? No. It's more like Chrome OS - as we know it - is dead. Android Police suggested that Google is currently focused on pitching Andromeda as a laptop experience that will rival Microsoft and Apple. The company hasn't yet released a Chromebook Pixel for 2016, for instance, because it'll likely ditch "Chromebook" altogether and move forward with Andromeda. Also, keep in mind Google is expected to announce new Pixel phones in October running Android 7.1. While Google may demo Andromeda at the Pixel launch event in October, its new Android-powered hardware and Pixel brand is meant to be the focus, alongside the Google Home voice-activated speaker, Google Wi-Fi router, Daydream VR headset, and Chromecast Ultra dongle. Google still has a long way to go with Andromeda, but by 2017, we should see the first devices running Andromeda. From that point forward, Google might think about making Andromeda a truly unified OS that powers not only laptops and tablets but also phones. But that's just speculation. Is Andromeda different from Google Fuchsia OS? Google is rumoured to be developing another new OS that goes by the codename Fuchsia. It was once thought to be either Google's unifying OS or a system meant to power Internet of Things (IoT) devices, such as Google's OnHub router. Fuchsia is an evolving pile of code. You can find it on the search giant's code depository and on GitHub. The code is supposedly the early beginnings of an entirely new operating system, though Google has yet to confirm those details. Fuchsia is built on Magenta, a "medium-sized microkernel" based on a project called LittleKernel, which is meant for embedded systems, such as a device that has a specific purpose but doesn't require a whole OS, like a router or watch. It's therefore unclear if Andromeda and Fuchsia are the same or distinct beasts. Google Fuchsia OS: What is it and what does it power? When will Andromeda be available? The Wall Street Journal in October 2015 said consumers could expect to see an early version of an Android-Chrome OS hybrid, which is now presumed to be Andromeda, previewed sometime in 2016. Remember: Google is holding a Made by Google event on 4 October in San Francisco, where it will likely introduce new Pixel-branded flagships and other hardware devices such as Google Home and Chromecast Ultra. Android's SVP tweeted recently that Google announced the first version of Android eight years ago, and that he "had a feeling" eight years from now we'll all be talking about 4 October 2016, which is the same date as Google's Made By Google event. His tweet indicates something major is happening to Android on 4 October. Could it be the introduction of Andromeda? We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today. I have a feeling 8 years from now we'll be talking about Oct 4, 2016. — Hiroshi Lockheimer (@lockheimer) September 24, 2016 As for when Andromeda will be available, Android Police said a Bison/Pixel 3 convertible laptop running Andromeda should arrive by Q3 2017, while 9to5Google said a Nexus-branded, 7-inch Huawei tablet running Andromeda should arrive by end of 2016. 9to5Google also claimed that Google has been testing the hybrid OS on the HTC-made Nexus 9. Want to know more? Check out Pocket-lint's Google Andromeda hub for breaking news. Sections Google Android Laptops Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: A touch of brilliance or totally brainless? Five great deals in the GearBest 11.11 sale Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile... Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: A touch of brilliance or totally brainless? Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile device Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook Pro Lenovo Yoga Book review: A keyless laptop from the future... that's stuck in the past Dell made its own Surface Studio-like PC with dual screens and a Dial Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy now Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Thunderbolt 3 explained: The one port to rule them all Windows 10 Creators Update: 6 new features Microsoft didn't announce How to watch Amazon Video on your Android phone or tablet Virgin Media TiVo 2: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know about the 4K V6 box OnePlus 4: What's the story so far? MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: A touch of brilliance or totally brainless? Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more Black Friday UK smartwatch deals: The best smartwatch deals online Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Best Black Friday UK phone deals: Apple, Samsung, Android phone deals galore Best Black Friday UK games deals: Amazing PS4, Xbox One and Nintendo deals Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Baidu, Inc. vs. Amazon Both have their strengths, but a recent change in online advertising regulations gives Amazon the advantage. Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Sep 26, 2016 at 5:18PM Image source: Getty Images. Investors looking for strong companies with big competitive advantages need to look no further than Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU). A high-level view Amazon's success in building the leading online retail business is no secret, and the company continues to expand its business prospects as it looks to technology devices, media services, fashion, and even auto parts to find new areas to grow.  Meanwhile, Baidu resides on the other side of the world and has built the dominant search platform in China. The company fields more than 80% of all online search queries in the country and invests its money in long shots just like Amazon. In fact, Baidu is a major player in the driverless car space and rivals even Google's technology. Both companies' stock prices have brought solid gains over the past fives years, but Amazon has clearly outpaced Baidu: Image source: YCharts. So how well can we expect these two companies to perform over the coming years? Let's take a quick look at how the companies are doing now and see if the good times will keep coming. Amazon vs. Baidu Baidu brought in $2.7 billion in total revenue in the second quarter of 2016, representing a 10.2% year-over-year increase. While that's not stellar growth, the company's large size and overall stability mean that revenues are stable, as opposed to skyrocketing. It's worth pointing out that the company's annual revenues are growing at a healthy pace, with 2015 revenues hitting $10.25 billion, up from $7.91 billion in 2014. The vast majority of Baidu's revenue comes from its online marketing and advertising. It's not a bad way to earn a buck -- just ask Google -- and Baidu is pretty good at it. The company does face some competition in the space though as Chinese e-tailer Alibaba is expected to surpass Baidu's digital ad market share this year. Part of Alibaba's gain on Baidu comes from new advertising regulations that were recently put into place in China (some of Baidu's previous ads weren't clearly marked as such, and looked like normal search results). That has given some of Baidu's competitors a leg up in the digital advertising space and will hurt the company's ad revenue growth this year. It's expected to grow at just 0.3% compared to Alibaba's 54%.  For Amazon, net sales reached $30.4 billion in Q2 2016, up 31% year over year. And in 2015, the company's revenue grew at a healthy clip of 20% year over year. Aside from strong revenue growth, the company continually invests in potential revenue streams including tech devices, media content, fashion merchandise, everyday essential products, and auto parts. These often result in changes that fuel Amazon's competitive advantage. Add Amazon's estimated 63 million Prime members to all that, and the company's moat becomes even wider.  When it comes to valuations, Amazon's forward P/E (a valuation based on projected earnings) is currently sitting at around 77 and Baidu's is at about 30. That puts Amazon's stock price at a higher premium than Baidu's at the moment. Which is best? As for the better long-term investment, I'd have to go with Amazon. Baidu's internet search dominance likely won't disappear any time soon, nor will Amazon's online retail position. Both companies will continually expand into new endeavors and their investors will likely benefit from it. But Baidu's recent problem of displaying ads that look like search results is hurting revenue growth right now and helping its competitors muscle into the space .  Baidu will likely bounce back from all of this over the long term, but it's enough to hurt the company over the coming quarters, and gives Amazon the slight advantage in this head-to-head comparison. Chris Neiger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Baidu. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Chris has covered Tech and Telecom companies for The Motley Fool since 2012. Follow him on Twitter for the latest tech stock coverage. Follow @tmfnewsie Article Info Sep 26, 2016 at 5:18PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $756.40 no change (0.00%) Baidu NASDAQ:BIDU $166.21 no change (0.00%) Read More Why GoPro Stopped Selling the Hero 5 on Amazon.com Amazon.com Introduces Music Unlimited Family Plan Best Cloud-Computing Stocks to Buy in 2016 3 Top International Stocks of 2016 to Buy Today Baidu Stock Has a Lot to Prove on Oct. 27 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path BlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic TwitterAltRight GooglePhotoScan Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Consumer Electronics/ TVs & Home Theater/ Report: 4K Chromecast Will Be Called the 'Ultra' Report: 4K Chromecast Will Be Called the 'Ultra' By Tom Brant September 26, 2016 05:49pm EST 10 Comments Google is expected to unveil it at its Oct. 4 hardware event. Google will unveil a new 4K Chromecast at an event on Oct. 4, according to prolific electronic device leaker Evan Blass. Citing a person familiar with the company's plans, Blass wrote that the new streaming stick will be called the Chromecast Ultra. Blass's leaked photo, posted to VentureBeat, shows a round, jet-black device with a short HDMI cable that looks very similar to the Chromecasts currently on sale. This is the 4K Google Chromecast Ultra https://t.co/mvRTqcsMn3 pic.twitter.com/5DUO91Z0a8 — Evan Blass (@evleaks) September 26, 2016 A rumor earlier this month about the 4K Chromecast suggested that it will retail for $69, according to Android Police. Although that's nearly double the price of the current Chromecast, it's still less than many competitors charge, including Roku's new $79 Premiere, which can stream in 4K at 60fps. //Related Articles 20 Things You Didn't Know Your Chromecast Could Do The Chromecast's difference is that it likely won't stream on its own: as with current models, you'll need to connect a Google Cast-enabled smartphone, tablet, or PC via Wi-Fi. Blass also noted that there's a possibility Google may eventually abandon the Chromecast name: a new version of the Chromecast firmware available to beta testers does not contain the current Chromecast logo. Instead, there's Google's stylized "G" logo, which also appears in Blass's photo of the rumored Chromecast Ultra. The Chromecast isn't Google's only hardware line expected to get attention on Oct. 4. The company is also expected to unveil an in-house Daydream VR viewer design, which might be called the Daydream View, and share full details about Google Home, a new connected home device the Web giant first announced at its I/O developer conference in May. Back to top Previous : Plex Adds Cloud Storage As Alternative to Dedicated Server Here's How to (Easily) Launch a Roku Channel Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Send Texts With Amazon Alexa's New AT&T Skill There's no phone required, but you can only add up to 10 contacts. More » Airbnb Branches Out Into Vacation Planning A new 'Trips' platform offers the ability to book tours and get recommendations from locals. More » Russian Software Downloads Call Records From iCloud Apple doesn't offer the ability to disable the syncing of FaceTime and cellular call logs to iCloud.... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Related Reviews LG OLED65B6P LG 65UH8500 SunBriteTV Pro Series Direct-Sun Outdoor TV SB-4217HD Vizio D65u-D2 The Best TVs of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Economy Tequila's smoky cousin gets push from biggest distillers Business Standard Thailand considers tougher tax rules Manunphattr Dhanananphorn & Eveline Danubrata  |  Bangkok/Jakarta  September 27, 2016 Last Updated at 00:09 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2THkCDT Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. Photo: Wikipedia ALSO READ Convenience, safety or discount? Payment services no longer the monopoly of banks Mobile internet services restored in Jammu Trai increases mobile Internet data packs validity to 1-year from 90 days Mobile Internet services suspended in Jammu after desecration of temple Thailand is studying plans to toughen tax collection rules for internet and technology firms like Alphabet's Google, the head of the revenue deparment told Reuters, as the tax affairs of these firms comes under growing scrutiny in Southeast Asia. The plans would also cover the mobile transfers and internet payment sector, Prasong Poontaneat, director general of Thailand's revenue department, told Reuters. Thailand is focused on changing existing regulations, Prasong said, adding that a working committee had been set up to find solutions on tax collection for companies such as Google and other technology firms. "We are studying this issue and have set up a committee to look into this over the past two months," Prasong told Reuters. "The idea is to seek appropriate solutions for Thailand and it could involve an amendment in some regulations because current laws are outdated and have been used for more than 50 years," said Prasong, adding that he expects the committee to come up with solutions by the end of this year. Reuters telephoned and e-mailed Google Thailand for comment, but there was no immediate reply. Google Asia Pacific's spokesman did not immediately respond to an email and a phone call seeking comment. Indonesia is pursuing Alphabet's Google for five years of back taxes, and the US search giant could face a bill of more than $400 million for 2015 alone if it is found to have avoided payments, a senior tax official told Reuters last week. Singapore's low tax regime and its generous tax incentive programmes make it a big draw for multinationals like Apple, Microsoft to Google, and also from other sectors, to employ regional teams there. They justify booking large revenue and profits in Singapore as they usually run main business functions such as finance and operations, hold intellectual property rights there or base regional executives in the city state. Singapore's finance ministry said in an emailed statement last week that "profits should be taxed where activities giving rise to the profits are performed and where value is created" and that it does not condone the "artificial shifting of profits". American business groups in the region warned that the tax crackdown risks slowing planned investments by multinationals. Investment worth millions of dollars could become stalled due to disputes with the country's tax office, which has taken an "aggressive" approach, Lin Neumann, managing director of the American Chamber of Commerce in Indonesia, said. reuters "There's just been a feeling for some time among big taxpayers that they're like the low-hanging fruits because they're in the system," Neumann said, noting that many multinational companies are accountable to public shareholders. The Financial Times reported on Saturday that four UK fund houses - Legal & General Investment Management, the Local Authority Pension Fund Forum, Royal London Asset Management and Sarasin Partners - had written to the board of Alphabet to raise concerns about its tax arrangements. In December last year, Australia's tax office published the tax rates of every company with annual earnings over A$100 million, a move it said it would repeat annually in the hope of pressuring entities with "overly aggressive" tax structures. Apple paid A$74 million tax on its A$247 million taxable income, in line with the country's 30 per cent tax rate but a small fraction of the total A$6.1 billion it made in the country that year. Google paid A$9 million tax on A$91 million in taxable income, a third of the company tax rate and dwarfed by the A$357 million it made in the country. The Australian government has since passed laws requiring consumers to pay a goods and services tax on all online purchases - not just online purchases from Australian retailers - from next year. TAX CRACKDOWN The plans would also cover the mobile transfers and internet payments sector   Indonesia is pursuing Alphabet's Google for five years of back taxes   The US search giant could face a bill of more than $400 million for 2015 alone if it is found to have avoided payments   Singapore's low tax regime and its generous tax incentives make it a big draw for Apple, Microsoft, Google and others to employ regional teams there Read More On Thailand | Mobile Transfers | Internet Payment | International | Economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online Thailand considers tougher tax rules The plans would also cover the mobile transfers and internet payment sector Thailand is studying plans to toughen tax collection rules for internet and technology firms like Alphabet's Google, the head of the revenue deparment told Reuters, as the tax affairs of these firms comes under growing scrutiny in Southeast Asia. The plans would also cover the mobile transfers and internet payment sector, Prasong Poontaneat, director general of Thailand's revenue department, told Reuters. Thailand is focused on changing existing regulations, Prasong said, adding that a working committee had been set up to find solutions on tax collection for companies such as Google and other technology firms. "We are studying this issue and have set up a committee to look into this over the past two months," Prasong told Reuters. "The idea is to seek appropriate solutions for Thailand and it could involve an amendment in some regulations because current laws are outdated and have been used for more than 50 years," said Prasong, adding that he expects the committee to come up with solutions by the end of this year. Reuters telephoned and e-mailed Google Thailand for comment, but there was no immediate reply. Google Asia Pacific's spokesman did not immediately respond to an email and a phone call seeking comment. Indonesia is pursuing Alphabet's Google for five years of back taxes, and the US search giant could face a bill of more than $400 million for 2015 alone if it is found to have avoided payments, a senior tax official told Reuters last week. Singapore's low tax regime and its generous tax incentive programmes make it a big draw for multinationals like Apple, Microsoft to Google, and also from other sectors, to employ regional teams there. They justify booking large revenue and profits in Singapore as they usually run main business functions such as finance and operations, hold intellectual property rights there or base regional executives in the city state. Singapore's finance ministry said in an emailed statement last week that "profits should be taxed where activities giving rise to the profits are performed and where value is created" and that it does not condone the "artificial shifting of profits". American business groups in the region warned that the tax crackdown risks slowing planned investments by multinationals. Investment worth millions of dollars could become stalled due to disputes with the country's tax office, which has taken an "aggressive" approach, Lin Neumann, managing director of the American Chamber of Commerce in Indonesia, said. reuters "There's just been a feeling for some time among big taxpayers that they're like the low-hanging fruits because they're in the system," Neumann said, noting that many multinational companies are accountable to public shareholders. The Financial Times reported on Saturday that four UK fund houses - Legal & General Investment Management, the Local Authority Pension Fund Forum, Royal London Asset Management and Sarasin Partners - had written to the board of Alphabet to raise concerns about its tax arrangements. In December last year, Australia's tax office published the tax rates of every company with annual earnings over A$100 million, a move it said it would repeat annually in the hope of pressuring entities with "overly aggressive" tax structures. Apple paid A$74 million tax on its A$247 million taxable income, in line with the country's 30 per cent tax rate but a small fraction of the total A$6.1 billion it made in the country that year. Google paid A$9 million tax on A$91 million in taxable income, a third of the company tax rate and dwarfed by the A$357 million it made in the country. The Australian government has since passed laws requiring consumers to pay a goods and services tax on all online purchases - not just online purchases from Australian retailers - from next year. TAX CRACKDOWN The plans would also cover the mobile transfers and internet payments sector   Indonesia is pursuing Alphabet's Google for five years of back taxes   The US search giant could face a bill of more than $400 million for 2015 alone if it is found to have avoided payments   Singapore's low tax regime and its generous tax incentives make it a big draw for Apple, Microsoft, Google and others to employ regional teams there Manunphattr Dhanananphorn & Eveline Danubrata Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Thailand considers tougher tax rules Thailand is studying plans to toughen tax collection rules for internet and technology firms like Alphabet's Google, the head of the revenue deparment told Reuters, as the tax affairs of these firms comes under growing scrutiny in Southeast Asia. The plans would also cover the mobile transfers and internet payment sector, Prasong Poontaneat, director general of Thailand's revenue department, told Reuters. Thailand is focused on changing existing regulations, Prasong said, adding that a working committee had been set up to find solutions on tax collection for companies such as Google and other technology firms. "We are studying this issue and have set up a committee to look into this over the past two months," Prasong told Reuters. "The idea is to seek appropriate solutions for Thailand and it could involve an amendment in some regulations because current laws are outdated and have been used for more than 50 years," said Prasong, adding that he expects the committee to come up with solutions by the end of this year. Reuters telephoned and e-mailed Google Thailand for comment, but there was no immediate reply. Google Asia Pacific's spokesman did not immediately respond to an email and a phone call seeking comment. Indonesia is pursuing Alphabet's Google for five years of back taxes, and the US search giant could face a bill of more than $400 million for 2015 alone if it is found to have avoided payments, a senior tax official told Reuters last week. Singapore's low tax regime and its generous tax incentive programmes make it a big draw for multinationals like Apple, Microsoft to Google, and also from other sectors, to employ regional teams there. They justify booking large revenue and profits in Singapore as they usually run main business functions such as finance and operations, hold intellectual property rights there or base regional executives in the city state. Singapore's finance ministry said in an emailed statement last week that "profits should be taxed where activities giving rise to the profits are performed and where value is created" and that it does not condone the "artificial shifting of profits". American business groups in the region warned that the tax crackdown risks slowing planned investments by multinationals. Investment worth millions of dollars could become stalled due to disputes with the country's tax office, which has taken an "aggressive" approach, Lin Neumann, managing director of the American Chamber of Commerce in Indonesia, said. reuters "There's just been a feeling for some time among big taxpayers that they're like the low-hanging fruits because they're in the system," Neumann said, noting that many multinational companies are accountable to public shareholders. The Financial Times reported on Saturday that four UK fund houses - Legal & General Investment Management, the Local Authority Pension Fund Forum, Royal London Asset Management and Sarasin Partners - had written to the board of Alphabet to raise concerns about its tax arrangements. In December last year, Australia's tax office published the tax rates of every company with annual earnings over A$100 million, a move it said it would repeat annually in the hope of pressuring entities with "overly aggressive" tax structures. Apple paid A$74 million tax on its A$247 million taxable income, in line with the country's 30 per cent tax rate but a small fraction of the total A$6.1 billion it made in the country that year. Google paid A$9 million tax on A$91 million in taxable income, a third of the company tax rate and dwarfed by the A$357 million it made in the country. The Australian government has since passed laws requiring consumers to pay a goods and services tax on all online purchases - not just online purchases from Australian retailers - from next year. TAX CRACKDOWN The plans would also cover the mobile transfers and internet payments sector   Indonesia is pursuing Alphabet's Google for five years of back taxes   The US search giant could face a bill of more than $400 million for 2015 alone if it is found to have avoided payments   Singapore's low tax regime and its generous tax incentives make it a big draw for Apple, Microsoft, Google and others to employ regional teams there Manunphattr Dhanananphorn & Eveline Danubrata Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
null
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Social Networking Social Networking Disney looking to buy Twitter By Roy Choi | September 26, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo According to Bloomberg, The Walt Disney Company is looking into possibly making a bid for Twitter. There have been plenty of potential buyers eyeing the social media company including Salesforce and Google. Google, which it has performed poorly with Wave and Google Plus, may want another shot at social media. Then again, it appears most interested parties really want all the data that is collected by Twitter. It is interesting to consider why Disney might want to buy Twitter. Disney’s strategy has been about content (movies, programming, TV), not content distribution. Twitter has been making a push into video streaming on its platform, most noticeably Thursday Night Football. Coincidentally, Jack Dorsey, CEO of Twitter, sits on the board of Disney, as does Sheryl Sandberg COO of Facebook. This is all just hearsay for now, but that may change if Disney makes the best bid. DIS. Powered by Yahoo Finance TWTR. Powered by Yahoo Finance Source Bloomberg Topics #Disney #Twitter Roy Choi Roy Choi is a Southern California native. He has been infatuated with technology reviews ever since he bought his first crummy laptop in the summer of 2000. He’s been a… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
null
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (38) Post your comment Google's alleged Pixel 3 laptop might be the future and death of Chromebooks 26 September 2016 For all whopping success with smartphones, Google never managed to get huge in the laptop realm. The long-standing Chromebook program can attest that this is not due to lack of trying, but for one reason or the other (and many have been cited over the years), the web-centric approach to mobile productivity is yet caught on. Today, some interesting insider info was brought forward that offers a sneak peek at how the search titan is planning to attack the sector yet again. Apparently, Google is working on a new device within an internal project codenamed "Bison". The tech in question is allegedly a laptop, or perhaps a 2 in 1 convertible that Google is planning to out some time in Q3 next year. A "Pixel 3" moniker has also been suggested, which even in itself hints that we are talking about a successor, or perhaps more correctly, a replacement for the Chromebook family. One in line with the ongoing "Pixel" rebranding. But it is not just the name that gives the intentions away. Apparently, the device will also be the ambassador to a brand new Google OS - Andromeda. Again, the title is a major giveaway here. Remember how Chrome OS promised support for Android apps, but never quite made good on that promise? Well, Andromeda appears to have taken the opposite approach - burn in proper Chrome support into Android. The source is also confident that this is a totally separate effort from Chrome OS and the ARC project as a whole. "Bison" and "Andromeda" are said to be much larger and higher-level undertakings. It is definitely too early to speculate on any feature set for the new OS, but it does sound exciting. Furthermore, given the current state of Android with its flourishing app ecosystem, it really makes more sense to put that experience first on a new mobile productivity platform and then add Chrome to the mix. Plus, since Android 7 Nougat already has a Free Form windowed mode baked in, Andromeda less work to do with the desktop GUI department. We got a few specs for the Pixel 3, too. However, these are entirely preliminary and if "Bison" even survives to a final release, are likely to change. Still, it is said to feature a 12.3-inch display, backlit keyboard, glass trackpad with haptic feedback and force detection and a battery good for up to 10 hours of use, all inside a razor-thin 10mm body. An Intel Core m3 or Core i5 will to power the laptop or perhaps both variants will exist. Storage should range from 32GB to 128GB with 8GB or 16GB of RAM. Other mentioned features include a USB Type-C port, 3.5mm jack, a fingerprint reader, stereo speakers, quad microphone setup, as well as a Wacom pen accessory. The latter will be offered separately. Finally, we have early price estimate. It puts the Pixel 3 at $799 in the lower end. Again, this is likely to change at some point. It is also quite likely for us to see a teaser or perhaps even a sneak preview of the Pixel 3 and/or Andromeda at Google's October 4 event. However, as already mentioned, a release is still some time away. Source Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (4) Post your comment 4K Chromecast Ultra leaks in press renders ahead of next week's announcement 26 September 2016 Next Tuesday will be a very big day for Google, as the company is holding an event during which it's expected to unveil a lot of hardware - things such as two Pixel phones, Google Home (its Amazon Echo competitor), a new Wi-Fi router, a Daydream VR headset, as well as a new Chromecast. The latter is pictured below in these just-leaked press renders. It will allegedly be called Chromecast Ultra, and will support 4K playback as well as HDR. The Ultra has been rumored to cost $69, effectively twice as much as last year's second-generation 1080p Chromecast. That model will remain on sale even after the Ultra launches, thankfully. As you can see, there's no more Chrome branding on Google's new HDMI streaming dongle. Instead, we get the same "G" logo that will be seen on the back of both the Pixel and the Pixel XL handsets. This might mean that it won't even be called Chromecast - Pixelcast seems like a good alternative, especially given Google's newfound love for the "Pixel" moniker. Source Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
null
vator vatorX vatornews Register Log in Newsroom Innovation series Interviews Lessons learned Trends & news Disney is the latest to see Twitter as an acquisition target The company is reportedly working with a financial adviser to see if a bid makes sense Financial trends and news by Steven Loeb September 26, 2016 | Comments Short URL: http://vator.tv/n/4763 The acquisition of Twitter is starting to feel less like a question of "if," and more like a question of "who?" Only days after the company was reported to be on the verge of receiving formal bids from at least two interested acquirers, Google and Salesforce, now another major corporation is said to be thinking about jumping into the fray. Disney is working with a financial adviser to evaluate a possible bid for Twitter, according to a report out from Bloomberg on Monday. This acquisition makes sense if you think of Twitter becoming more of a media company. That would certainly appeal to Disney, which owns both ABC and ESPN, and could be looking for a social media platform to leverage all of that content, especially as people have started to cancel their cable subscriptions. ABC currently allows users to live stream its shows on its website, in certain markets, and to watch the most recently aired episodes ABC Overview, but buying Twitter automatically brings in over 300 million users already familiar with the service.  Twitter has recently been making live video a central part of its platform, specifically when it comes to sports. That has included a deal with the NFL to air Thursday Night Football games. ESPN, meanwhile, owns the rights to Monday Night Football. So there are numerous parts here that could potentially fit together.  There's also the fact that Jack Dorsey, chief executive officer of Twitter, currently sits on the board of directors at Disney, so the company would seem to have a potential in to getting access to Twitter. In fact, Disney probably makes more sense than Google buying Twitter, and it certainly seems like a better fit than Salesforce.  Google is probably the most frequently assumed target for such a purchase, mostly because of how badly that company wants to get social right, following the failure of Google+. There are even reports of such a takeover going all the way back to 2009.  Last summer, when Twitter's stock dove under $30 for the first time ever, speculation of this sort about Google rang up again, but obviously came to nothing at the time. So, Google is a company that has been talked about as a potential acquirer of Twitter for years; Salesforce, on the other hand, is a new player on the scene, and one that doesn't seem like as much of an obvious fit, given that Twitter is a consumer driven service and Salesforce is a cloud services provider for the enterprise. Of course, Salesforce was a major player when it came to the acquisition of another social network, LinkedIn. Salesforce made a bid for the company, which eventually wound up being acquired by Microsoft for $26.2 billion in June. That one made more sense, given LinkedIn's focus on job recruiting, but perhaps Salesforce sees more uses for Twitter as an enterprise tool as well.  While Twitter shot up 20 percent at the end of last week on the Google and Salesforce rumors, the Disney news didn't have quite the same impact, though investors were still happy. The stock rose 3.32 percent in regular trading on Monday, to $23.37 a share. The last time the company ended trading this high was all the way back in December of 2015. One thing is becoming clear: these acquisition rumors are bolstering Twitter in a way that it has not been seen in a pretty long time.  VatorNews reached out to Twitter, and to Disney, for comment, but neither company could be reached at this time. We will update this story if we learn more.  (Image source: mouseinfo.com) Permalink <span>Send</span> Related news Twitter soars 20% amid latest acquisition rumors The most likely purchasers are Google or Saleforce, which recently lost out on buying LinkedIn Financial trends and news by Steven Loeb Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Programs Ivy Startup Conference The Ivy Startup Conference is diversifying the pitching landscape. ISC strives to amplify inclusion and diversity amongst Ivy circuit investments. ... Learn more » Enter now! VatorNews Featured Stories Snapchat said to have filed a confidential IPO by Steven Loeb Apple is developing its own smart glasses by Steven Loeb Meet John Durant, General Partner at Wild Ventures by Ronny Kerr Peter Thiel's bet on Trump is paying off by Steven Loeb Election 2016: 4 new states legalize recreational cannabis by Steven Loeb When will your local pharmacy carry cannabis? by Ronny Kerr © 2012 Vator, Inc. Events About Careers Contact Directory Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Business MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Rodrigo Duterte: The Philippines ‘May Quit the International Criminal Court’ New U.S. Army Regulations May Further Delay the North Dakota Pipeline Philippine Dictator Ferdinand Marcos Has Been Given a Hero’s Burial Despite Protests The U.S. Voted Against a U.N. Anti-Nazi Resolution. Here’s Why President Barack Obama Says Fake News Is a Problem for ‘Democratic Freedoms’ More Election Coverage The U.N. Special Rapporteur on Migrant Rights Says Australia’s Refugee Island Is ‘Inhuman’ Syrian Airstrikes in Aleppo Kill More Than 20 People A Fuel Tanker Explosion in Northern Mozambique Has Killed 73 People Review: ‘Watch Dogs 2’ Breaks as Many Things as It Fixes Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe Expresses ‘Confidence’ in Donald Trump After Meeting TIME Business deals Twitter Stock Surges On Disney Takeover Rumor Matthew Ingram / Fortune Sept. 26, 2016 SHARE The Mouse House joins a list of potential buyers like Google and Salesforce + READ ARTICLE The list of potential Twitter acquirers continues to grow. In addition to recent reports that Salesforce and Google are interested in possibly buying the real-time news service, Disney is now said to be considering an acquisition bid as well. The news and entertainment conglomerate is “working with a financial adviser to evaluate a possible bid for Twitter,” according to a Bloomberg News report that cites anonymous sources familiar with the situation. In other words, Disney and an investment firm are going over Twitter’s financial data and looking at the potential benefits of combining the two companies, but that process could fall apart or be shelved at any point. Salesforce and Google are said to be in a similar situation, according to a number of recent reports, which also said that Twitter is working with Goldman Sachs to consider potential takeover offers for the company. That news helped push Twitter’s share price up 21% in mid-day trading on Friday. Until the latest takeover talk began, the stock had fallen by more than 50% in the past year, and even at its current level it is still well below the $70 it traded for after its initial public offering in 2013. CNBC also reported on Monday that a sale of Twitter could happen fairly quickly—within the next 30-45 days, sources said—and that Microsoft may be interested in making an offer as well. Although Disney may not seem like an obvious candidate to acquire Twitter, there are a number of reasons why it may be interested. Although the service only has about 300 million users, far less than Facebook’s 1.5 billion, it has a treasure trove of data on the interests and behavior of those users. From (high-up) people I've spoken to internally at Twitter, I've always heard Disney is the dream suitor. https://t.co/CBAqGaLe2Q — Nick Bilton (@nickbilton) September 26, 2016 That kind of data, which could be used to target advertising and other content to users, is undoubtedly part of what Salesforce and Google see as valuable about Twitter, and a media company like Disney would likely see that value as well. Disney also owns ABC News and sports giant ESPN, and Twitter has become both a real-time news source of remarkable power and a place where millions of users go to discuss both the news and in particular sporting events. Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey is also on Disney’s board of directors. Twitter has spent much of its time and resources recently signing deals with video providers such as the National Football League and Bloomberg to stream live content,including Monday’s presidential debates (which will also appear on Time Inc. websites including Time and Fortune, as part of a deal with Twitter). With its resources, Disney would be able to help Twitter improve its video streaming and possibly strike new deals with other content providers. As a result of a recent acquisition, Disney owns a stake in BAMTech, the digital arm of Major League Baseball, which runs streaming services for ESPN and others, including Twitter. Pixar. Marvel. Lucasfilm. If past is prelude, and this deal materializes, Twitter could be in good hands at Disney. https://t.co/xK0OwESCd6 — Jeff Weiner (@jeffweiner) September 26, 2016 With more and more TV content moving to mobile and digital services, Disney is probably also looking for ways to hedge its massive investments in traditional TV such as ESPN, and the real-time news service may look like a way to do that. One of the major sticking points for any possible Twitter acquirer including Disney, however, is the fact that a reasonable premium for the shares would put a deal for Twitter in the $20-billion range, and that’s a lot of money to pay for a company that lost half a billion dollars last year and is showing little or no user growth. Also, as Recode’s Peter Kafka points out, such a deal would be more than Disney paid for Pixar, Marvel Entertainment and Lucasfilm combined, and yet there is virtually no chance that Twitter would turn out to be as valuable as any of those investments. This article originally appeared on Fortune.com Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us SURPRISE: Google is close to releasing Android 7.1 Nougat +12,439 Andrew Myrick Sep 26th, 2016 In case you guys didn’t know, Google is working on Android 7.1 Nougat and they are close to releasing the latest version of Android already. There have been rumors and evidence of Google working on the latest version, which is expected to be released alongside the Pixel and Pixel XL at Google’s event next week. Image courtesy of Reddit Now it seems that we have a bit more evidence as a developer has found an option for Android 7.1 within the Google Play Developer Console. The option will show you the different crashes and app reviews when selected within the console, but that doesn’t mean too much as there have already been some Googler’s testing out the latest version of Android. As for what Android 7.1 Nougat will bring with it, there’s no concrete evidence, but we are expecting to see the Nexus Pixel Launcher and other general improvements/bug fixes to the operating system. It’s also possible that we will see the new on-screen button options and maybe Google has some goodies saved up for us as well. [Reddit] local_offer    Android 7.0 Nougat   Android 7.1 Nougat   Android Nougat   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (16) stars Further Reading OnePlus 3 still getting Nougat Samsung begins working on Android Nougat for the Galaxy S6 OnePlus 3 Nougat arrives this month Samsung's new Nougat UX shown off LG G5 gets Nougat update stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 3 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 4 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 5 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 6 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 7 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 8 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 9 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 10 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 18, 9:10 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology 5 Things You Need To Know About Google's Rumored 'Pixel 3' Laptop By Karen Tumbokon On 09/26/16 AT 5:03 PM Close Google is getting ready to announce the Pixel 3 laptop, according to Android Police.  Here are 5 things you need to know about the new laptop.  1. The Pixel 3 laptop, internally known as Bison, will showcase Google’s Android / Chrome OS ‘Andromeda’ Operating System. The Pixel 3 laptop will reportedly in the third quarter of 2017. The Pixel 3 laptop is codenamed Bison, and should be the first new device to showcase Google’s Android/Chrome OS hybrid "Andromeda" operating system. 2. Pixel 3 is expected to be an ultra-thin laptop with 12.3” display. Rumored specs suggest the Pixel 3 laptop will include a 12-3" inch display with touch support, Intel m3 or i5 Core processor, 32GB to 128GB of storage and 8GB to 16Gb of RAM. Android Police also suggests it will also feature a fingerprint scanner, two USB-C ports, a 3.5mm jack, stylus support, and a Wacom pen that will be sold separately. 3. The Pixel 3 will sell for $799 and will launch in stores In Q3 2017. While this sounds like an expensive device, Google is planning to price it at $799 to be competitive. As we mentioned earlier, the Wacom stylus is looking to be sold separately and will launch in retail stores in Q3 2017. Related Stories What Is Google Andromeda? 4. Google wants the Pixel 3 to compete against rivals Apple and Microsoft.  When the Pixel 3 laptop launches, Google wants to showcase "Andromeda" running on stylus-driven apps on the device - so that the Pixel 3 laptop and 'Andromeda' can compete against rivals, including Apple's iPad Pro and Microsoft's Surface Pro. 5. Google may tease 'Andromeda' on October 4th. According to Google's Hiroshi Lockheimer’s, Google plans to make a major a Android-related announcement at an  October 4th event. What does Andromeda mean for Android, at this point?  We'll just have to wait and see, but it's really exciting!  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Carl Icahn's Market Forecasts For A Trump Presidency Longtime Donald Trump supporter and billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn expects the president-elect to be good for business, despite looming tariffs. Technology Snapchat Update: How To Add Bitmoji To Customizable Geofilters To make Geofilters even more fun, Snapchat. has announced snapchatters will be able to add Bitmoji to their customizable Geofilter creations, starting Friday, Nov. 18. World Crown Asks For £369M For Palace Overhaul Citing tourism and prestige, the UK's Treasury announced Friday plans for a massive refurbishment of Buckingham Palace. National Mike Pompeo To Be Next CIA Leader The third term congressman from Kansas is on the House Intelligence Committee. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
null
null
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Google Play Store doors are now open for a few Chrome OS devices by Wayne Manion  2:28 PM on September 26, 2016 Owners of a few Chromebooks suffering from app envy can now rejoice. The latest 53.0.2785.129 Chrome OS release opens the doors to the Google Play Store to owners of the Acer Chromebook R11, Asus Chromebook Flip, and Google Pixel (2015) using the stable channel of Google's Linux-based operating system. Chrome OS devices have had limited access to Android apps going all the way back to late 2014. Speculation about a merger of Google's Chrome OS and the company's more popular Android smartphone OS has been present since before the first production Chrome devices shipped in 2011. A few devices have been able to access the online store and run Android apps using the operating system's beta channel since August of this year. Google promises that Chromebook devices from a range of manufacturers will be added later in 2016 or in 2017. Today's new release also includes bug fixes and kernel updates related to the Trusted Platform Module in the three previously mentioned devices, but Play Store access is clearly the most interesting feature. Prospective Chromebook buyers on the fence because of concerns about limited app availability now have a good reason to take the plunge. Tags: Mobile computing Operating systems Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
Movies & TV Science & Tech Big on the Internet Store Videos Comics Space Gaming Contributors About TMS Merch Search Menu Why Are There So Many Actual Fascists in the Warhammer 40K Fandom? The Art of DC Comics Bombshells Proves That 'Sexy' and 'Powerful' Aren't Mutually Exclusive Finding Dory Honest Trailer Proves Your Emotions Aren't Immune to Sequel-itis Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events Trailer No, Jennifer Lawrence, I Will Not Hug My Racist Neighbors for the Sake of 'Unity' Disney Plans to Make a Bid to Buy Twitter, Alongside Other Rumored Bidders like Google by Maddy Myers | 4:49 pm, September 26th, 2016   Wait, is Twitter for sale? The social media mainstay has struggled with user retention and user growth in the past year, but they’re not officially up for auction… however, some companies have expressed interest in buying the platform. Anonymous sources told Newsweek late last week that Twitter has initiated conversations with companies that want to buy it, but that’s as far as the confirmation has gone on Twitter’s end. Meanwhile, the press has reported the various high bidders that have made offers to buy Twitter, as well as the companies that are rumored to make offers. Forbes reported today that Alphabet and Salesforce are two prospective buyers of Twitter, which Forbes estimates to have a worth of $15.7 billion. Ever since whispers began last week about a potential acquisition and bidding war, Twitter’s stock prices have jumped, having increased 20% last Friday. Even if all these sales rumors don’t go anywhere, it’s still good for Twitter HQ–and they could really use the boost, especially lately. There are a couple more recognizable companies who have potentially been vying to acquire Twitter as well. Many press outlets have floated Google’s name around as one potential buyer; they certainly have the cash on hand for the acquisition, but there’s been no confirmation that Google’s interested, beyond speculation. Given Google’s failed foray into social media with the less-than-popular Google Plus platform, they may not be interested in purchasing a brand new platform at this time. It’s been ten years since Google purchased YouTube, which was a successful choice on their end; this week, Google has been merging the Google Hangouts functionality into the larger YouTube Live platform. Clearly, the YouTube/Google partnership has done well for the companies’ higher-ups (maybe not for content creators, but that’s a different story). Google has a lot of plates spinning at all times, so they may not want to deal with Twitter’s unique problems. On the other hand, they could use a social network in their pocket, since G+ has clearly stalled out. Here’s another new buyer that isn’t just a rumor, but an actual prospect: Disney! According to Bloomberg, Walt Disney Co. has enlisted a financial adviser to help them put together a bid to acquire the social media company, and they’ll be looking to compete with Salesforce’s bid for the network. Salesforce is also partnering with Bank of America for their bid, so they’ll have a lot of money and resources to throw around. Bloomberg points out in their own analysis that acquiring Twitter could be a good move for Disney, given that the company needs to move away from “old media” methods of distribution like TV networks, and instead focus on other ways to keep Disney in the public eye. As for whether any of these buyers would end up making Twitter a more pleasant place to be from a user standpoint, that remains to be seen. It’s also not yet clear whether Twitter will end up getting sold at all; they might turn down all of these offers, and instead use all these offers as a way to bolster their own popularity again. Still, if an acquisition happens, it could end up changing the network for the better. (I admit, it’s hard to see how things could get worse, but, famous last words, right?) (via Variety, image via Norebbo Stock Illustration & Design) Want more stories like this? Become a subscriber and support the site! —The Mary Sue has a strict comment policy that forbids, but is not limited to, personal insults toward anyone, hate speech, and trolling.— Follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google+. Follow The Mary Sue Follow @TheMarySue Like us on Facebook filed under Disney, Google, Twitter What's Popular The Art of DC Comics Bombshells Proves That “Sexy” and “Powerful” Aren’t Mutually Exclusive, and Neither Need Be “Exploitative” No, Jennifer Lawrence, I Will Not Hug My Racist Neighbors for the Sake of “Unity” #NotMyGodEmperor: Why Are There So Many Actual Fascists in the Warhammer 40K Fandom? Ryan Gosling Doesn’t Understand How or Why He Became a Meme On Breitbart, Stephen Bannon, and the Question of “Does Gamergate Have Anything to Do With Trump?” Tips Have a tip or story idea? Email us. Or to keep it anonymous, click here. « Previous Post Next Post » © 2016 The Mary Sue, LLC | About Us | Advertise | Subscription FAQ | Privacy | User Agreement | Disclaimer | Contact |  RSS Dan Abrams, Founder Mediaite The Mary Sue RunwayRiot LawNewz Gossip Cop
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM No fluff - just the best news in paid search marketing every week. SUBSCRIBE Google to roll out cross-device retargeting Cross-device remarketing for signed-in users will roll out over the next few months. Ginny Marvin on September 26, 2016 at 2:19 pm More In a significant development, advertisers will soon be able to reach users across devices with Google remarketing campaigns as Google stops relying on cookies and mobile IDs to identify users for remarketing lists. Brad Bender, VP of display and video advertising at Google, announced the shift in a blog post and is set to discuss it during Advertising Week in New York City on Monday. “We’re introducing cross-device remarketing for Google Display Network and DoubleClick Bid Manager to help you reach the same user across devices, apps, and sites. You can now tell a single story to your audience and decide how frequently they see your ad across devices,” wrote Bender. The introduction of cross-device remarketing comes three years after Google first debuted its estimated cross-device conversion metric. Bender says the new capability will be rolling out globally over the next few months. [Read the full article on Marketing Land.] About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Related Articles Google brings store visits to Google Display Network, debuts cross-device retargeting Plan device-specific user experience strategies with Google AdWords’ bid modifier What's the Google AdWords Health Score and how is it different from existing tools? Setting up AdWords website call conversion tracking just got a bit easier Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWords Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 10 Ways to Decrease SEO Costs While Increasing Performance The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Google Tech Transportation Google’s ‘worst’ self-driving accident was still a human’s fault New, 22 comments ‘Our light was green’ by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Sep 26, 2016, 4:03pm EDT share tweet Linkedin @grommet Google said that one of its self-driving cars was involved in an accident in Mountain View, California last week. The accident was first reported Friday by 9to5 Google, which characterized the incident as Google’s “worst accident yet.” In a statement, Google insisted its driverless car was not at fault. A crash report with the DMV has yet to be posted, so all the details have yet to be confirmed. According to the Google, the accident occurred when a vehicle heading west on El Camino Real in Mountain View ran a red light and collided with the right side of a Google self-driving vehicle that was traveling northbound on Phyllis Ave. “Our light was green for at least six seconds before our car entered the intersection,” a spokesperson said. “Our light was green for at least six seconds” According to 9to5 Google, the vehicle that ran the red light was a commercial van owned by Interstate Batteries, a private company that calls itself “the No. 1 replacement brand battery in North America.” There were no injuries, and all airbags deployed. It wasn’t the first crash involving a Google self-driving car. The search giant has reported a variety of fender benders in its monthly reports on its autonomous vehicle program. Earlier this year, a Google self-driving Lexus SUV drove into the side of a bus at low speed — the first time one of the company’s vehicles was at fault. The crash resulted in a more modest tone about the future of self-driving cars from Google. Months later, the robotics expert running the program stepped down, as well as a handful of other engineers. Bloomberg reported Google’s progress has been “slow” as compared to its rivals in the still nascent self-driving car industry. In this Storystream Self-driving cars: Google and others map the road to automated vehicles Uber’s self-driving truck company just completed its first shipment: 50,000 cans of Budweiser Google’s ‘worst’ self-driving accident was still a human’s fault Singapore’s self-driving cars can now be hailed with a smartphone View all 76 stories Next Up In Transportation Tesla’s acquisition of Solar City has been approved by its shareholders Volvo’s new app brings you an entire car concierge service The Stelvio is a Ferrari SUV with an Alfa Romeo badge United Airlines’ new basic economy fares ban carry-on baggage Electric cars are now required to make noise at low speeds so they don’t sneak up and kill us The new Mercedes-Maybach S 650 could be the ultimate luxury convertible Now Trending Microsoft Surface Studio review: a beautiful invader of Apple's base Sand's End Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon suggests having too many Asian tech CEOs undermines ‘civic society’ This Article has a component height of 8. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Poll Tech First Click Poll: Is this the holiday you finally buy that drone? by Thomas Ricker@Trixxy I really want a drone. Every Christmas since I was a kid has been highlighted by some kind of remote controlled vehicle. I’ve had countless RC cars, of course; tanks, boats, and lots and lots of remote-controlled helicopters. The quality has... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Science Tech Researchers send text message using chemicals by James Vincent@jjvincent We take it for granted that modern communication systems — everything from smartphones to the internet — use electronics to send and receive messages, but what if that weren’t the case? A group of researchers from Stanford are exploring an... New, 0 comments US & World Entertainment Politics Kanye West: America is a racist country and I would have voted Trump by James Vincent@jjvincent At a concert in San Jose during his Saint Pablo tour, Kanye West opened up about the 2016 election in typical style. According to videos and tweets from the night, West told fans —in no particular order — that if he'd voted he would have voted for... New, 26 comments Microsoft Gaming Tech Microsoft cuts top Xbox One games by 40% in Black Friday deals by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is unveiling its Black Friday deals for the Xbox One today. New Xbox One games like Battlefield 1, FIFA 17, Titanfall 2, and even Overwatch are all being discounted by up to 40 percent. Battlefield is available for $40.19 until November... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Cybersecurity UK hackers use customer mobile data to steal their upgrade phones by James Vincent@jjvincent Hackers have accessed a database of customer information belonging to one of the UK’s biggest mobile carriers, Three. According to a report from The Telegraph, the company said the database included names, phone numbers, addresses, and dates of... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Tech This Panasonic megaphone automatically translates commands into multiple languages by Sam Byford@345triangle Japanese businesses are finding they need to deal with increasing numbers of foreign visitors to Japan, and Panasonic thinks it has the answer: a megaphone that translates the user’s voices into multiple languages. The Megahonyaku, which is a... New, 4 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path BlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NetflixvsHulu LinkedIn SpaceX Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Operating Systems and Platforms/ Google's Android-Chrome OS Hybrid Inches Closer to Reality Google's Android-Chrome OS Hybrid Inches Closer to Reality By Tom Brant September 26, 2016 02:18pm EST 10 Comments As of last week, you can already enjoy an early taste of the OS by running Android apps on your Chromebook. After boosting the number of Chrome machines that will be capable of running Android apps last week, reports indicate that Google may be planning to launch a full-fledged version of its "Andromeda" hybrid operating system next year. The OS, which will be compatible with Chrome and Android apps, will show up on a new laptop that Google could sell by the end of 2017, according to Android Police. The blog cited reliable sources who said the new laptop would join the Pixel lineup, though it wouldn't be marketed as a Chromebook. Google could unveil such a device at its Oct. 4 event, although it is still approximately one year from release, according to Android Police. Other than its hybrid operating system, its specs are unclear. //Related Articles Google Play Arrives on Chrome OS The first Andromeda phone is also set for release next year. According to 9to5Google, it will likely be a Huawei Nexus. Together with the laptop, it would form an Andromeda ecosystem that represents the beginnings of a challenge to Microsoft's Continuum, which allows Windows 10 to run on any device. Despite tighter integration between macOS and iOS, Apple does not yet have a true Continuum competitor. We do know a fair amount about how Andromeda will work, based on Google's announcement last week of what appears to be its precursor: Chrome systems that will also work with Android apps. On Sept. 21, Google released Chrome OS 53.0.2785.129. Its major innovation is the inclusion of a beta version of the Google Play Store, which offers Chrome users the ability to download and run the same apps that are on their tablets and phones. Not all Chrome systems are compatible with the Play Store, however. Current models include the Acer Chromebook R 11 and the newest Chromebook Pixel. Later this year, Google plans to bring the feature to many more Chromebooks, Chromeboxes, and Chromebases; check out this list for updates. Back to top Previous : Rumor: Google Prepping 'Fuchsia' OS Report: Moscow to Ditch Microsoft Products for Local Offerin... Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom White Male Twitter Bots Reduce Racism by Calling it Out In a study, men on Twitter reduced their racist comments by 27 percent once they were criticized by ... More » Send Texts With Amazon Alexa's New AT&T Skill There's no phone required, but you can only add up to 10 contacts. More » Airbnb Branches Out Into Vacation Planning A new 'Trips' platform offers the ability to book tours and get recommendations from locals. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More //Best VOIP Software... RingCentral Office Broadvoice Cloud PBX Vonage Business //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Mobility How to set site-by-site permissions in Google Chrome With Google Chrome, it is possible to set site-by-site permissions on the fly. Here are step-by-step instructions. By Jack Wallen | September 26, 2016, 11:35 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Created with GIMP Image: Jack Wallen In this mobile world we seek to gain as much control as possible over the things that affect our privacy. We examine what permissions an app has before we install it. We make sure we never install apps outside of the assigned stores. We don't hitch rides on untrusted Wi-fi. We encrypt our data. At least those are some of the things we are supposed to be doing. And, to be fair, most of us do (or do not—there is no "try"). But what happens when you slide up to your desktop? Is that when you leave all of those concerns behind? Do you toss aside the idea that certain sites might well have permissions you don't want to offer? These are questions we should all be answering. Fortunately, Google has made the answering easy. Even on your desktop, permissions are important and with Google Chrome you are in control. That's right, Chrome does, in fact, offer the ability for the user to control site-by-site permissions. What's even better, Chrome makes this incredibly easy. Where to find it When you visit a website, you'll notice either the lock icon (for https) or the "i" icon (for http) to the left of the address. With that icon you can do two things: Drag the icon to the bookmark bar to create a bookmark Click on it to reveal the permissions settings for the site When you click on the lock or the "i", a popup window will appear (Figure A). In this popup window you will see the privacy status of the connection, the cookie status, the permissions, and a link to the site settings. Figure A Image: Jack Wallen The site permissions for TechRepublic. More about Mobility CIO Jury: 10 out of 12 tech leaders trust Samsung despite Galaxy Note7 failure IBM Watson is coming to the iPhone, and that's big news for business users Tech Pro Research: Social media policy Subscribe to TechRepublic's Mobile Enterprise newsletter You can set each permission for the site, by clicking on one of the available drop-downs and making your selection. Many of these permissions will be set to the global permission found in Settings | Advanced | Privacy | Content Settings. There may, however, be sites that perfectly align with the global permissions you've set. On the occasion you have a site that doesn't work with those defaults, you can easily make the modifications. Say, for instance, you have popups blocked in the global settings, but there is one site that requires popups to function. Instead of having to go in the old fashion way and manually add an exception, you can click the icon in the address bar and then click the Popups drop-down and select Always allow on this site. Done. Exception made. With this feature, you can fine-tune the permissions for every website you visit with Chrome to make for an ideal setup/experience. It's simple and it works. Bonus feature This tool isn't just about permissions. With it you can also manage cookies. Click on the icon and then click the link under Cookies to view the list of cookies saved from the site (Figure B). Figure B Image: Jack Wallen Blocking and removing cookies saved by a website. From the Cookies set by this page window, you can remove and block cookies by either selecting the cookie server and then click Block or expanding the server until you see the actual cookie and then click Remove. If you do block a cookie server, know that, for whatever reason, it will not appear in the Blocked tab. To see the list of blocked cookie servers, you have to go to Settings | Show Advanced Settings | Privacy | Content settings | Cookies | Manage exceptions. In that window (Figure C), you can see the list of blocked cookie servers. Figure C Image: Jack Wallen All of the cookie servers you have blocked are listed here. Once you've changed the cookie settings for a site, the settings will not take effect until you reload said site. A must-use If you're concerned about privacy (and you should be), do not overlook this incredibly handy feature found in Google Chrome. The ability to set site-by-site permissions puts all the power in the hands of the user. Automatically sign up for TechRepublic's Mobile Enterprise Newsletter for more hot tips and tricks. Subscribe Also see Google Chrome security tips for the paranoid at heart (TechRepublic) How to clear corrupt Google Chrome sync data (TechRepublic) 10 most productive tips for working with Google Keep (TechRepublic) How to test drive the new Chrome Personalized Tab feature (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Jack Wallen Jack Wallen is an award-winning writer for TechRepublic and Linux.com. He’s an avid promoter of open source and the voice of The Android Expert. For more news about Jack Wallen, visit his website jackwallen.com. Full Bio Contact See all of Jack's content Google+ jlwallen × Full Bio Jack Wallen is an award-winning writer for TechRepublic and Linux.com. He’s an avid promoter of open source and the voice of The Android Expert. For more news about Jack Wallen, visit his website jackwallen.com. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Free Ebook Special report: Cyberwar and the future of cybersecurity (free ebook) Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Travel and business expense policy Project prioritization tool: An automated workbook IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
null
Our website uses cookies Cookies enable us to provide the best experience possible and help us understand how visitors use our website. By browsing Infosecurity Magazine, you agree to our use of cookies. Okay, I understand Learn more Latest UK Retailers Facing One Million Fraud Attempts Per Day ‘We'll Always Have Paris’ – Highlights from ISSE Conference 2016 US Government Releases New IoT Security Guidance Three Arrested After Suspected Insider Breach at Three IT Decentralization Has Deep Security Impact   News Topics Features Webinars White Papers Events & Conferences Directory Search Infosecurity Magazine Home » News » 16,000 WordPress Sites Have Been Hacked 26 Sep 2016 News 16,000 WordPress Sites Have Been Hacked Tara Seals US/North America News Reporter, Infosecurity Magazine Email Tara At least 15,769 WordPress websites have been compromised so far this year by cyber-attackers, and most are serving up malware, unflagged by Google's Safe Browsing checks. WordPress is a popular target because the majority of the web uses it to manage and publish their content. That’s according to the 2016 Sucuri report on compromised web properties, which noted that out of 21,821 sites studied, the majority of them (78%) are using WordPress. WordPress continues to lead the number of infected websites as well, at 74%. The report focuses on four open-source content management systems (CMS). In addition to WordPress, it covers Joomla! (14%), Magento (5%) and Drupal (2%). About 3,099 Joomla! sites were hacked this year too. When it comes to out-of-date software, a common vector for hackers, the report found that WordPress installations were out-of-date 55% of the time, while Joomla! (86%), Drupal (84%) and Magento (96%) continue to lead the way with out-of-date software. Year-over-year, WordPress saw a 1% decrease in out-of-date core software and infected websites, while Drupal had a 3% increase. Joomla! and Magento website deployments continue to show the most out of date instances of any platform. Poorly secured extensions give hackers initial access much of the time. Sucuri found that on average, WordPress installations had 12 plugins installed at any given time. The top three plugin vulnerabilities contributed to 22% of WordPress site hacks: Gravity Forms, TimThumb and RevSlider. Worryingly, only 18% of the infected websites were blacklisted by search engine and web protection services, leaving 82% of the infected websites out there unflagged and posing a danger to unwitting surfers. The most successful blacklisting effort was Google Safe Browsing, with 52% of blacklisted sites. Norton Safeweb managed to find 38%, while McAfee SiteAdvisor found only 11% of the hacked sites. Photo © Evan Lome/Shutterstock.com Why Not Watch? 7 Dec 2012Latest Patch Update - sponsored by Qualys - rescheduled for 14th Dec 2012 11 Apr 2013Maximize Your Employability as an Information Security Professional 8 Nov 2012You've secured the perimeter, but what about your apps and data? 26 Mar 2013Is it Possible to Create a Culture of Secure Collaboration? Related to This Story Fresh IE8 vulnerability used in watering hole attack on Chinese dissidents New Version of Wordpress Fixes Three Vulnerabilities Armenian cyber-warriors target Azeri websites after Safarov pardon Trojan used hacked WordPress sites to carry out mass Mac infections Beware Phishing Campaigns Against Wordpress Users What’s Hot on Infosecurity Magazine? Read Shared Watched Editor's Choice 1 17 Nov 2016 News SHA-1 Time Bomb: One Third of Websites Have Yet to Upgrade 2 17 Nov 2016 News FIFA Hackers Steal $16 Million from EA 3 17 Nov 2016 News Snoopers’ Charter Passes Lords Test 4 17 Nov 2016 News NHS Cybersecurity: Breaches Up, Spending Low 5 17 Nov 2016 News IT Decentralization Has Deep Security Impact 6 17 Nov 2016 News NatWest Implements Behavioral Biometrics for Online Banking 1 10 Nov 2016 News 'Sign in with Facebook' Threatens Millions of Devices 2 11 Nov 2016 News Tesco Bank Attack Linked to Trojan Targeting Other UK Lenders 3 14 Nov 2016 News UK Spy Agencies on the Hunt for Recruits 4 16 Nov 2016 News Consumers Blame Companies, Not Password Mistakes, for Compromises 5 16 Nov 2016 News Cloud Security a Top Concern for 70% of IT Pros 6 17 Nov 2016 News Snoopers’ Charter Passes Lords Test 1 17 Nov 2016 Webinar Network Encryption made EASY: Utilizing Network Virtualization to Simplify Network Encryption & Enhance your Network Security 2 1 Dec 2016, 15:00 GMT, 10:00 EST Webinar How to Achieve Best Practice in Application Security in 2017 3 15 Dec 2016, 15:00 GMT, 10:00 EST Webinar Going Deep and Dark: Mining Threat Intelligence from the Hidden Web 4 24 Nov 2016, 15:00 GMT, 10:00 EST Webinar Enterprise Mobility and Security: Beyond BYOD 5 3 Nov 2016 Webinar Preparing for Incident Response: Best Practise and Common Failings 6 6 Dec 2016, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST Webinar A Million Analysts Won’t Save Your SOC: The Future of Security Operations 1 14 Nov 2016 Interview Video Interview: Insights with Cyber Leaders - Eugene Kaspersky 2 3 Nov 2016 Blog The Pitfalls of Awareness 3 21 Oct 2016 Interview #WIREDSecurity: Interview: Alex Rice, Co-founder & CTO, HackerOne 4 19 Oct 2016 Interview #ISC2CongressEMEA: Interview: Adrian Davis, managing director, (ISC)2 EMEA The Magazine About Infosecurity Subscription Meet the Team Contact Us Advertisers Media Pack Contributors Forward Features Op-ed Copright © 2016 Reed Exhibitions Ltd. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Sitemap Please wait…
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Android + Chrome = Andromeda; merged OS reportedly coming to the Pixel 3 Details leak: Google is reportedly planning a launch device for its new operating system. by Ron Amadeo - Sep 26, 2016 6:55 pm UTC Login to bookmark 67 Andrew Cunningham It has been almost a year since The Wall Street Journal dropped a bomb of a scoop on the Android community, saying Chrome OS would be "folded into" Android. The resulting product would reportedly bring Android to laptops and desktops. According to the paper, the internal effort to merge these two OSes had been underway for "roughly two years" (now three years) with a release planned for 2017 and an "early version" to show things off in 2016. It seems like we're still on that schedule, and now Android Police claims to have details on the new operating system—and its first launch device—coming Q3 2017. First up, we've got a host of new code names to throw at you. The hybrid OS is apparently called "Andromeda." Besides being the name of a galaxy, it's probably meant as a geeky portmanteau of "Android" and "Chrome." Google also has a launch device cooking for Andromeda, which is officially codenamed "Bison"—Android Police says this is the unofficial codename of "Pixel 3." "Pixel 3" is a reference to the "Chromebook Pixel" (Google's flagship laptop line for Chrome OS), but since this edition isn't running Chrome OS, you can't really call it a "Chromebook" anymore. We've seen Android and Chrome OS slowly come together in various ways recently, with Chrome OS gaining the ability to run Android apps and Android snagging Chrome OS' dual partition update system. It's easy to see the hybrid OS reports as an overhyped version of these products, but Android Police says Andromeda is a "completely distinct effort" from what is currently public. "Andromeda is a much larger, more ambitious initiative that is being pursued via merging Chrome features into Android not vice versa" the report says. "It would be more accurate to say Bison [AKA the Pixel 3 laptop] will run Android [rather] than Chrome OS." Android Police also has a spec list, which it says is "very much subject to change." Even still, these figures provide an idea of what Google is planning. Bison is a 12.3-inch convertible laptop, but the report isn't sure if that means a Microsoft Surface Book-style detachable screen or a Lenovo Yoga-style fold-over keyboard. Internally, according to Android Police, there will be "an Intel m3 or i5 Core processor with 32 or 128GB of storage and 8 or 16GB of RAM," and the competing specs suggest the device will come in multiple configurations. For ports and extras, there are supposedly two USB-C ports, a 3.5mm jack, a fingerprint sensor, stereo speakers, quad microphones, a backlit keyboard, and a glass trackpad. The report claims the device is 10mm thick and will support a Wacom stylus, which will be sold separately. The supposed release date for the Pixel 3 lines up nicely with the original Wall Street Journal report: Q3 2017. Android Police says it will start at $799. We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today. I have a feeling 8 years from now we'll be talking about Oct 4, 2016. — Hiroshi Lockheimer (@lockheimer) September 24, 2016 Again, that Wall Street Journal report from a year ago promised an "early version" of the merged OS for 2016. A year is a long time, and plans might have changed, but Google's October 4 event is sounding like a good place for a sneak peek. Hiroshi Lockheimer, Google's SVP of Android, Chrome OS, and Google Play, has been hyping up Google's upcoming event in the strongest possible terms. He says we'll be talking about Google's October 4 event eight years from now—basically promising an event of historical significance. The event promises to see the unveiling of Google's Pixel phones, and rumors indicate we'll also see the launch of Google's new hardware product line, including Google Home, a "Google Wi-Fi" router, a 4K Chromecast, and a "Daydream" VR headset. Other than Google Home and the VR headset, these are all yearly updates to products Google currently makes (some with new brand names). That collection would not live up to the "historically significant" benchmark set by Lockheimer's tweet. Executives overhype things all the time, of course. But if you're looking for an event that would be on the same scale as the launch of Android, the launch of another new OS from Google certainly fits the bill. Expand full story Reader comments 67 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Ron Amadeo / Ron is the Reviews Editor at Ars Technica, where he specializes in Android OS and Google products. He is always on the hunt for a new gadget and loves to rip things apart to see how they work.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Leaked image gives us our first look at Google’s 4K Chromecast Ultra Jacob Siegal BGR NewsSeptember 26, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Next Tuesday, Google is going to hold a massive launch event in San Francisco, where it is expected to debut two Android smartphones (Pixel and Pixel XL), the AI-powered Google Home personal assistant, the Google Wifi router, a Daydream VR headset and a 4K-capable streaming media player called the Chromecast Ultra. DON'T MISS: The Pixel phones may not be the most interesting thing Google unveils next month An Android Police report from this month claims that the Chromecast Ultra will retail for $69 — double that of the regular Chromecast's $35 price tag. Sources referenced in the same report say that HDR will also be on the list of features for the new streaming dongle, but most of the details remain shrouded in mystery. So now that you know how much it's going to cost and a little about what it can do, you probably want to see what the Chromecast Ultra actually looks like. Lucky for you (and the rest of us), Evan Blass of VentureBeat has gotten his hands on a very official looking image of the Ultra HD streaming device: google-chromecast-ultraMore Although we have no proof that the image is legitimate, Blass has a very good track record with these kinds of leaks. Don't be surprised if you see the exact image above floating around the internet next week when Google sends out press kits with photos of all of its latest hardware. Trending right now: Galaxy S7 edge explodes in the Philippines 9 paid iPhone apps on sale for free for a limited time The Pixel phones may not be the most interesting thing Google unveils next month See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay Associated Press New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech AirSelfie drone is small enough to stow away in a phone case Digital Trends This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Russia has now officially blocked LinkedIn BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
null
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... WWD logo x WWD logo search Close WWD logo Fashion Rachel Roy Unveils Swim Lines Net-a-porter Launches Jacquemus Capsule Collection Invista Fibers Unit Said on Selling Block Kelly Slater Joins White Ribbon Effort Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Alice + Olivia Names Aliza Licht as EVP of Brand Marketing and Communications Gigi and Bella Hadid Lead Charge of Influencer Marketing Store Openings Help Fuel Jimmy Choo's Growth in Half Céline Adds Senior Executive for Accessories Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Melanie Dir Launches Perfume Line Gamine Frank Body Hits U.S. Retail Scene, Enters Urban Outfitters Bold Colors Dominated Spring Runway Beauty Looks Clarins to Introduce Fifth Generation Hydration Line, Seventh Generation Body Fit Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Five Four to Enter Men’s Athletic Fray, Grooming Steve Aoki Launches Dim Mak Collection In the U.S. Esquire Teams With Macy’s on Men’s Jewelry Collection Pitti Uomo to Open in Uncertain Economic Scenario Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway ATM Anthony Thomas Melillo Pre-Fall 2017 Paco Rabanne Resort 2017 Diesel Black Gold Pre-Fall 2017 Bottega Veneta Pre-Fall 2017 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Swarovski Forum Details China's Growth Cities, Multibrand Potential Casadei Opens Largest Flagship in London's Mayfair Amélie Pichard Will Forgo Seasonal Collections to Foster Creativity, Commerce Accessories Hit List: Bags and Shoes Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Stylemakers Awards 2016 Red Carpet: Jenna Dewan Tatum, Nina Dobrev, Lily Collins Emma Stone, Nina Dobrev, Warren Beatty, Jenna Dewan Tatum and Zuhair Murad Shine at Stylemakers 2016 Stylemakers 2016: Warren Beatty, Lily Collins and Albert Wolsky Discuss "Rules Don't Apply" Getting to Know Spring's Top Runway Models Parties People Lifestyle … Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD Terms & Conditions Today's Digital Daily WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in Welcome Account Log out search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Fashion Koch Said Nearing Sale of Invista Fibers Unit Koch Industries is said to be considering a sale of its Invista fibers unit, 12 years after buying it from Dupont for $4.4 billion. clock 9h • Arthur Friedman Fashion Loewe Opens Madrid Flagship, With All the Trimmings An exhibition, book and calendar also trumpet the brand’s new look, made over the last three years by creative director Jonathan Anderson. clock 16h • Miles Socha Business Coach Unveils 20,000-square-foot House on Fifth Avenue The brand this year moved to new headquarters and now to a vast new retail space. clock November 17, 2016 • Sharon Edelson Experts Skeptical on Snapchat’s Spectacles Snapchat introduces sunglasses that seek to succeed where Google Glass failed, but industry experts remain cautious. By Maghan McDowell on September 26, 2016 twitter @Maghan McDowell Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Spectacles, the first hardware product from Snap, Inc. Courtesy Photo Snapchat’s trying to succeed where Google failed. But experts are skeptical that the disappearing messaging platform, which got its footing as a teenage sexting app, will be able to transcend its digital base to break into the world of fashion with new techie sunglasses dubbed Spectacles. “Snapchat’s foray into consumer electronics is potentially interesting, but faces serious obstacles,” said Evan Neufeld, vice president of intelligence at research firm L2. “Offering consumers a way to create Snaps that are more reflective of their actual field of vision will likely resonate well with hardcore Snapchat users, as will the $130 price tag. But the face-based wearable computing category is emergent at best, and is noted more for its failures, such as Google Glass, than successes.” To remedy that, Neufeld said Snap is correct to position the device as a “toy,” the word used by founder Evan Spiegel. Signifying the seriousness of its evolution, the firm also changed its name to Snap Inc. Spectacles sport a video camera that records “Memories” that can later be added to Snapchat using Bluetooth or Wi-Fi. The videos are recorded in a circular format that is designed to mimic the human perspective. Snap’s sunglasses come in three different colors and a limited number will be available this fall (the details, as per Snap’s tradition, are secretive). “Even in the best-case scenario, we’re probably several versions away from a device that will have a meaningful impact both on Snap Inc.’s consumers as well as their bottom line,” Neufeld said. This marks Snap’s first move into hardware and invites comparisons to Google Glass, which, despite considerable hype and tentative support from the fashion world — including Vogue photo shoots and an appearance on the Diane von Furstenberg runway — is widely considered to have been a failure. One important distinction, said Forrester analyst J.P. Gownder, is that Spectacles aren’t “smart” glasses, but rather are specifically a video recording device. “The funny thing is that one of the things that undid Google Glass is a privacy concern,” he said. “Snap is taking that on full force; they are going straight at it and saying, ‘This is literally what we do, is take photos for you.'” He also noted that Spectacles are specifically sunglasses, rather than clear eyeglasses, which encourages more of an outdoor, GoPro-style usage. Spectacles also include indicator lights when the device is recording. “It will be interesting to see how culture has shifted in the past couple of years” since the controversy of Google Glass, Gownder said. Although the emphasis coming from Snap is on “fun,” social media platforms see video as big business. Facebook and Instagram, Twitter, Snap and more have been experimenting and expanding both in ways of capturing and sharing video and in methods of viewing. Snap in 2013 famously rebuffed a $3 billion advance from Facebook, which bought Oculus Rift in 2014 for $2 billion. According to research from eMarketer, Snap’s ad dollars are expected to reach $935 million next year, up from about $366 million this year. The retail implications for Spectacles still are unclear. “As an industry, we are still in the very early stages of defining how to infuse technology into eyewear and what that means for the consumer,” said Leslie Muller, who is co-lead of VSP Global’s innovation lab and worked on the Google Glass project. “Right now, Snap Inc.’s spectacles appear to be designed for entertainment but with any product in its infancy, we should expect designers to learn and evolve their offerings over time.” Google Glass might have been a bit ahead of the times, and although it boasted a suite of functions that rival a smartphone, ultimately became notable for the “glassholes” who wore them than for groundbreaking technology. It was rumored that Warby Parker was working with Google to inject a bit of style into the substance, but that partnership never materialized. While Glass did not take off in a fashion sense, the technology has been repositioned for commercial use. And Muller has high hopes for the expansion of eyewear functionality. “Spectacles point toward how eyewear will become an even more valuable platform in the future,” she said. “It would make sense as technology becomes smaller and faster to move the functions as we know them from hand-held devices to eyewear platforms. Whether it be taking photos, videos, tracking your activity, monitoring your health or recording voice, eyewear will become the platform to support all of these functions together on one place.” In a post on Snap’s blog about the shift to Snap Inc., Spiegel said that changing the name makes it easier for users to find relevant product information when they search for the company’s products. “You can search Snapchat or Spectacles for the fun stuff and leave Snap Inc. for the Wall Street crowd :),” he wrote. “We hope that this change will improve your experience with Snapchat and Spectacles, and create a structure that allows us to continue making great new products for you and your friends!” You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. eyewear Social Media Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Business Mexican Fashion Industry Vows to Fight Trump’s NAFTA Plans clock 23h • Ivan Castano Latest Galleries Emma Stone, Nina Dobrev, Warren Beatty, Jenna Dewan Tatum and Zuhair Murad Shine at Stylemakers 2016 Bottega Veneta Pre-Fall 2017 They Are Wearing: Alexander Wang Sample Sale FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd @golden_barbie is taking over our Snapchat at @WWD today to bring you live updates from the @variety & WWD StyleMakers Awards. Tune in at 10:30 a.m. PST. #StyleMakers2016 @wwd The Costume Institute's new exhibition is finally here. "Masterworks: Unpacking Fashion" reminds visitors of the evolution of fashion by spelling out how highly-technical pieces have changed the course of fashion from the early 18th century to today. @wwd Donatella Versace just opened @versace_official's second hotel in the world, Palazzo Versace Dubai. See how the designer celebrated at WWD.com. @wwd @traceeellisross is this week's cover star. The actress from the hit series @blackishabc forges her own chic path and is being honored as this year's Style Innovator at the @variety & WWD StyleMakers Awards. (📷: @rainmac) @wwd The @alexanderwangny sample sale in SoHo brought out all the best street style looks. Check out WWD.com to see them all and get the full scoop on the brand's first sample sale in two years. (📷: @lifeinreverie) @wwd From @vanessaseward to @driesvannoten, bright swaths of color on the eyes were omnipresent at fashion's spring shows. (📷: @delphineachard) @wwd @amberfillerup reveals the secret to getting her full, long hair. Click link in bio to get the full scoop. (📷: Will Ragozzino) @wwd "It's not the technique that makes the difference in fashion, but the care and passion. Talent is conceptual, but if there is no passion or sharing a project, you lose the poetry." - @maisonvalentino's creative director Pierpaolo Piccioli (📷: Simone Lezzi) @wwd Exclusive behind-the-scenes look at @victoriassecret Angel @josephineskriver's fitting for the VS Fashion Show. (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd ICYMI: From @dior opening its first makeup boutique in NYC to @lordandtaylor unveiling its holiday windows, here are all the major highlights from this week. (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd See all the hottest sneaker trends from Sneaker Con NYC. 👟 (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd The Life Aquatic: Designers showered their spring collections with all manner of maritime references, making for a refreshing season. (📷: @eds1ngleton) @wwd Here we are!! @stellamccartney #menswear #abbeyroadstudios 📷 @maryamccartney 👍🏽 #stellaxabveyrd @wwd #beastieboys 👌🏽 #stellaxabbeyrd @stellamccartney 📷 @marymccartney #nenswear #abbeyroadstudios #wwd @wwd @sharleenspiteri 🎉 #WWD #stellaxabbeyrd 📷@maryamccartney @wwd #bethditto 👌🏽#stellaxabbeyrd #wwd @stellamccartney 📷 @maryamccartney #stellaxabbeyrd @wwd Feels like home #abbeyroadstudios #wwd @stellamccartney #london 📷 @maryamccartney #stellaxabbeyrd @wwd @stellamccartney is unveiling her first ever men's collection today. For an exclusive insider look, follow along on our Instagram Stories as Stella's sister @maryamccartney takes you behind the scenes. Tune in at 2 p.m. EST. #StellaXAbbeyRd @wwd We're talking spring trends with @netaporter's Vice President of Global Buying @sarahrutson at 12 p.m. EST on Facebook Live. Click link in bio to tune in. More From Our Brands Footwear News Becky G. Glitters in Gold With L.A. Galaxy’s Sebastian Lletget at Latin Grammy Awards 6h Ago Fairchild Summits & Events 2017 WWD Digital Beauty Forum 4d Ago Variety Pinewood Atlanta Studios Selects Tech Guru Frank Patterson as President 3h Ago BGR Black Friday deals week officially starts today on Amazon 4h Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD.com WWD.com + WWD Print WWD Print WWD Archives twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2016  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest
Log In Sign Up Eater Home Drinks Forums Reviews Video Longform Cities Amanda Cohen Wants Dinner to Be Fun Again The chef, author, and vegetable virtuoso on the art of the entrée and the future of the restaurant industry by Helen Rosner and Greg Morabito, September 26, 2016 Tweet Share Share Tweet Share Love or hate the name, it’s impossible to forget about a restaurant called Dirt Candy, which was exactly Amanda Cohen’s plan. A trailblazer in the world of vegetable-forward cooking and an outspoken advocate for going gratuity-free, the chef, writer, and cookbook author dropped by the Eater Upsell studios this week to talk Google Alerts from her mom, shrugging off the “healthy” label, and the salad dressing of her dreams. As always, you can get the Eater Upsell on iTunes, listen on Soundcloud, subscribe via RSS, or search your favorite podcast app. You can also get the entire archive of episodes — plus transcripts, behind-the-scenes photos, and more — right here on Eater. Read the transcript of the Eater Upsell Season 2, Episode 7: Amanda Cohen, edited to just the main interview, here. For more from Greg and Helen, including whether or not they think delivery is a suitable stand-in for a true restaurant dining experience, you’ll have to listen to the episode in its entirety, above. Greg Morabito: Today we are joined in the Eater Upsell studios by Amanda Cohen, who you may know from her restaurant in Manhattan, but also as somebody who's written a lot about things related to restaurants and running them. Helen Rosner: Amanda’s basically one of the most honest and outspoken and smartest voices in terms of restaurateurs and chefs telling it like it is. "Here’s the bullshit involved in running your own restaurant." And that’s awesome and rare and I think whenever it happens, people lose their minds with happiness to have someone who’s honest. Welcome to the Upsell. Greg: Welcome Amanda. Amanda: Thank you for having me. Thank you for that lovely introduction. Greg: So how old is Dirt Candy now in both of its iterations? Amanda: I thought you were going to ask me how old I am now. Helen: How old are you? No, you don’t have to tell us that. Amanda: I’m 42 actually. Helen: That’s the meaning of life number. Douglas Adams said 42 is the answer to the question, or — Amanda: Oh yeah. Helen: It is the answer to the question, and then the whole phenomenon of, "Well, what is the question?’ Greg: It’s the answer if you don’t know an answer, I thought. Helen: Yeah, 42. Amanda: 42. Well I don’t know anything, so there you go. Little Dirt Candy opened in 2008, and we closed it sometime in 2014. So it was open for a good seven years or so; six and a half, seven years. And then the new one has been open for a year and a half. Helen: Dirt Candy, first of all, is one of the best restaurant names of all time. Amanda: Thank you. Helen: I remember when Dirt Candy first opened, a lot of the coverage was just about how cool the name was. Amanda: Or how bad the name was. On the flip side, we got a lot of, "That is the worst name for a restaurant. Ever." Helen: I don’t think that’s true. Amanda: Well, I didn’t think it was true. Helen: I mean, it’s demonstrably not the case. In a world where we have Baguette About It, my favorite restaurant name in Brooklyn, which is a French-Italian bakery, Dirt Candy is pretty solid. Amanda: I think it’s pretty good. We wanted to choose something that was Google-able, really. And that people would remember. When you put in a name like Spoon or Fork, that’s impossible. Greg: Right, Le Restaurant. Amanda: Yeah, exactly. So we chose it so people would remember it. But still for the first couple of years, in every review it was, "That’s a bad name." "Not quite sure about that name." "Bad name." We won awards for having the worst name. Helen: I guess all publicity’s good publicity. Amanda: It was great that people remembered it. What do I care? Helen: It’s super memorable. Amanda: It is. Helen: I think when you Google restaurants...I noticed this a couple years ago. Every city has its own two- to four-letter suffix that all the restaurants put onto their names in order to get a URL. So in New York it’ll be like Spoon NYC. Amanda: Right. Helen: And then in Chicago it’ll be like Spoon CHI. And sometimes it’s the airport code, like in Portland it’s always PDX. But Dirt Candy you can just be — you’re @DirtCandy on Twitter, right? Amanda: I’m @DirtCandy on Twitter, but our URL is Dirt Candy NYC because somebody had already taken it. Helen: What? Amanda: I know. Greg: That is so weird. Helen: Do you know who it is? Amanda: No, actually. There are a couple of other people who have Dirt Candy in their name. One’s this sort of horror-porn photography in Brooklyn. Helen: Horror, H-O-R-R-O-R? Yeah, okay. Amanda: There’s always these pictures with a lot of breasts and then blood. And then another one’s a motocross racing place from out west? I don’t know. Those are the two other people. When I went to go buy the URL, I wrote in "Dirt Candy" and they were like, "It’s taken. Here’s some other suggestions." And I really wish I had bought the suggestions then. One was — what was it? Nasty Bonbons. Helen: Oh. Amanda: Which I thought was like, "Yeah!" Helen: Yeah, Nasty Bonbons. Greg: But then they would confuse you for, well, possibly many things, but I would assume a sweets restaurant, a bakery. Amanda: Yeah, a dirty, dirty — Helen: "Dirty Candy" is very different than dirt — Nasty Bon Bons is strong, man. Amanda: It’s good, right? Helen: You should spin-off. Amanda: That’s what I’m thinking. That’s my retirement plan. Greg: It’s like somebody’s punk name or something. Helen: Like roller derby or something. That’s really good. I just looked up Dirtcandy.com on my phone while we were sitting here and it has nothing there. Amanda: So somebody owns it. Helen: Somebody is squatting on your restaurant’s website. Amanda: Assholes. Greg: I’ve never thought about this, and never asked anybody this that works in the restaurant industry. But how many times a week do you just Google the name of your restaurant? Amanda: Once every three minutes or so. Greg: Really? Amanda: No. Maybe once every day or so. Once every couple of days, just to see what’s happening. What’s out there. Something fascinating that’s happened, my mom has a Google alert on me, and she likes to tell me what’s going on. Sometimes things I already know about. Like if somebody — Helen: Good mom thing. Amanda: Right? She’s like, "Oh, did you know this was happening?" I’m like, "Yeah, I did the interview. But thanks." Helen: I love that. So Dirt Candy is a vegetarian restaurant. And right now we’re living in this golden age of — I don’t even want to say "vegetarianism," because I feel like part of the golden age is that the world "vegetarian" isn’t the word anymore. Amanda: Right. Helen But it’s this golden age of vegetable-oriented, meat-minimal cooking and eating, let’s say. And so much of what you have been doing at Dirt Candy since you first opened sort of presaged where we are now. You were, I think, among the very first chefs at least in New York to really be like, "There is all we need inside this vegetable, flavor-wise." Amanda: Right. "There are a lot of places that call themselves vegetable-forward or vegetable-focused. But I still think of them as doing some sort of elaborate sides, or there's still meat on the menu. We really are the only one who are like, 'We've put it all on the line for carrots. We got this.'" Helen: How does it feel to look around and see your philosophies everywhere? Amanda: It’s a little creepy. We don’t feel quite as unique anymore. So that’s a little hard. There are other people who are doing what we’re doing, although doing it differently. And I still think we are the only one that’s really dedicated to vegetables. There are a lot of places that call themselves vegetable-forward or vegetable-focused. But I still think of them as doing some sort of elaborate sides, or there’s still meat on the menu. We really are the only one who are like, "We’ve put it all on the line for carrots. We got this." And it’s very flattering, because I feel like it means that people looked at what we were doing, and they were like, "Oh, there is a market for this. She is able to succeed, we also can do it." So that feels really good. I will say that I think this is still a really, really small phenomenon. If you look at the statistics of how people are eating and what restaurants are serving in other parts of the country, outside of New York, and maybe a couple of other hub cities, it is not vegetable-focused. It’s still really meat-focused. We’re in this elite little circle here. Helen: I guess these things tend to take a while to spread, right? Amanda: A while. Helen: Like bacon is still — Amanda: King. Helen: It’s still cutting edge. You wear a bacon t-shirt, and you have a bacon bumper sticker, in certain parts of the world. And in New York it’s so out that it’s almost ironically in again. Amanda: Right. Helen: We’ll give it eight or ten years and super vegetable-related things will be everywhere. Greg: What I’ve always admired about Dirt Candy the restaurant, especially the way that it looks — the way that all the branding is, the way that the menu is written, the way everything is presented — it’s really fun and energetic. Helen: Do you still do the thing on your menu — I remember in the very beginning, the names of the dishes were just a vegetable and an exclamation point. Amanda: Yeah. Helen: It’s like, "Carrots!" Amanda: They don’t have exclamation points anymore, which is sad. Helen: Why is that? Amanda: The menu feels more exciting, so it’s fine. We have all of the statistics at the back. But yeah, I want restaurants to be fun, and they all take themselves so seriously. Greg: I was going to say, I feel like the notion of a vegetable-forward or vegetable-centric restaurant is very popular, especially in New York right now. But a lot of times it’s like, "Look at this kohlrabi, this beet, this soulful beet that’s been dredged from the ground. It’s been sitting near a flame in this beautiful industrial space for two hours, and then somebody in a fancy apron pulled it out." But Dirt Candy is this fun place, you know? Amanda: It is this fun place. I mean again, it’s just food. It’s just dinner. We’re just going to come, eat, drink. Helen: We don’t need to worship the kohlrabi. Amanda: We don’t. We don’t need to worship anything. It goes in and it comes out and you eat again. To me, it’s much more important that the experience is actually fun, and that’s what makes it memorable. And I think for most people that’s why they go back. They’re like, "Oh I had this amazing time at this restaurant. The service was great. The staff was great. The whole ambiance was great. And the food was great." That’s what makes a really successful dinner. Not necessarily in the other order. You want to keep recapturing those amazing moments. Helen: Do you think of Dirt Candy as a healthy restaurant? Amanda: No, I don’t. I don’t think of it as a unhealthy restaurant. I also don’t think it’s necessarily my job to put that label on any kind of cuisine. I’m not your doctor. My restaurant is not your medicine cabinet. I certainly don’t have a degree in that. So it upsets me when people think that we should know these things. It’s just food. We fry it, we use butter, we don’t use butter, we use olive oil, we use all kinds of fat. I think it tends to be a little bit healthier because it is just vegetables. But that’s just happenstance. "I don’t think it’s necessarily my job to put the 'healthy' label on any kind of cuisine. I’m not your doctor. My restaurant is not your medicine cabinet." Greg: Since 2008 when you launched, have you noticed that diners are gravitating toward one or a few ingredients specifically more than they used to? Are people like, "Oh hold up. Kale? I’m on it!" Amanda: No, not so much anymore. I actually think peoples’ ideas of vegetables and food have expanded a lot more. When we first opened, we had so many phone calls about, "Is this organic? Is it local? Is it farm-to-table? Is it GMO?" And we were all like, "Ahh, go away." And we rarely get those calls today. Now I just think people are like, "Yeah, I’ll try whatever." Helen: Good for them, good for you. Amanda: Yeah. Helen: I mean, I think there has been this been shift, especially in restaurants like yours that have a really specific point of view, where people are really excited to be given — I was about to say a vision, and then I realized that was way too serious. But a point of view, right? Amanda: A point of view. I think they want something curated. And so we’re able to give them this very curated experience. And I think people do like sometimes being able to just come in and not have to choose. We do give them a menu, but it’s like, "Well I don’t know if I’m going to choose chicken tonight or beef." We’re giving them this ridiculous choice, "Do I want tomato or do I want kohlrabi?" It really changes the focus of the meal. Helen: Do you have a sense of what proportion of your guests are vegetarian? Amanda: I would say maybe 40 percent of our guests are vegetarians. And within that, maybe ten percent, five percent, are vegan. And the rest are just omnivores who are curious about what we do. Helen: Adventurous carnivores. So how have things changed? Little Dirt Candy — which I love that you call it Little Dirt Candy, which was the first space that the restaurant was in — was in fact extraordinarily tiny. Like itty-bitty, itty-bitty. Amanda: Itty-bitty. Helen: Nine seats or something? Amanda: 18 seats, about 350 square feet. Helen: Which, for reference, is the size of a bathroom in a suburban home. And now your new space is five or six times the size. Amanda: 2,000 square feet, and we have 50 seats. Helen: So how has your life changed now that you’re cooking for that many more people in a way bigger space? Everything just got bigger. Amanda: Everything got bigger. My staffing got bigger, my space got bigger, my problems got bigger. It just all multiplied. Helen: Perfect exponential scaling. Amanda: Yeah, exactly. Helen: Did you know that was what you were getting into? Amanda: We knew that everything was going to get bigger and a little harder. I don’t think I knew how much harder it was going to be. And a couple things happened in between. We were running this very specific restaurant, and I do think the restaurant industry has changed a lot in the last couple of years. Greg: How so? Amanda: Most people don’t want appetizers and entrées anymore. And I have this very specific idea of how I think a meal should go. You go, you have a cocktail, then you order a bottle of wine, then you have your appetizers, then you have your entrées, then you have your desserts, and then you have a dessert wine, and coffee. Obviously not everybody works that way. Now really I can’t get people not to share. Which is why we switched over our menu from appetizer-entrée format to more of a shared style of food. And that was a huge, huge surprise. I don’t think I saw that happening, because I was in such a tiny little isolated world at Dirt Candy. Helen: It’s so interesting that you don’t love share plates. I feel like a lot of chefs and owner-operators love share plates, because it raises the check average. It means you’ll get three entrées for two people instead of two. Amanda: But it doesn’t work that way. Maybe it does at other restaurants. For us, we find that we’re not getting people to necessarily order more, and they’re not asking that things be split into two. I like eating, I like sharing my food with somebody else. But I like very composed plates, and I feel like small plates can make people really lazy. You don’t have to work as hard on all the little components — they’re smaller. Making an entrée is really hard. And that’s a challenge and it’s exciting and people are losing that skill. For us at Dirt Candy, we’ll always say and genuinely mean, "We think you should get two to three plates per person because they’re small." And they’ll order three between two people, and we’re like, "All right. You got me." Helen: So what goes into the art of making and entrée? Amanda: You have to captivate somebody’s interest. Let’s say if an appetizer’s about eight to ten bites, an entrée’s about 20 to 22 bites, right? And so to keep that person’s interest up that high, it’s hard. So you have to add so many more flavors, and it has to be more delicate, and it has to be more balanced. You can get away with a lot in a small plate. "Yeah, this is a tiny little spicy plate," or "This is a big hit of acid in this plate," or "This is really salty." Whereas in a big dish, it has to be so much more balanced. Helen: Where do you learn how to balance like that? I mean, is it something — Greg: Do you learn it in entrée school? "An entrée has to captivate somebody’s interest. You have to add so many more flavors, and it has to be more delicate, and it has to be more balanced." Amanda: Entrée school actually, it’s a four-year program. Helen: I guess it’s just trial and error, or you have a sense of art? I love — I mean, I don’t love the idea, but I’m intrigued by this idea — that this is an art that’s being lost. Amanda: Look at the restaurants that are opening nowadays, right? Where do you find entrées? You still see them, but not as much. The ratio of shared-plate restaurants to appetizer-entrée restaurants is changing. Helen: It’s super weird. I dine out by myself a lot, and I love eating alone. But it is really difficult at a shared-plate-y restaurant to be by yourself, because you can’t — you can kind of cobble it together. But the traditional appetizer, entrée, maybe a side dish, and dessert thing works really well when you’re alone because everything is proportioned to one person eating it. Amanda: Exactly, yeah. Helen: But I’ll sit at the bar of a restaurant and look at this menu — and it’s also sort of screwed up by the fact that I’m a food writer, so I order like a maniac. But I’ll be like, "I would like eight dishes for one person." It’s difficult. Amanda: It is. And they’re looking at you like, "Okay—" Helen: "Are you a crazy person?" Greg: Also, while there’s this move toward small plates, I find that a lot of restaurants that serve meat, some of them are going full steakhouse. Where it’s just this piece of something on a plate. Helen: The Tom Colicchio model? Greg: Yeah. Helen: Which I guess is really the steakhouse. Amanda: The steakhouse. Helen: Here is your hunk of cow, and you can pay an additional $14 if you would like some leaves on it. Greg: It’s a bummer though. I mean, it’s not a bummer, things evolve to meet the tastes of people. Helen: We’re allowed to dislike things on this show, right? Greg: I mean, I understand why some people like that. But I very much more like that style of dining that you described. Where you sit down and you have an appetizer. And then you have a cocktail. And then — that kind of old school thing. I don’t know if people care about it as much anymore, that experience, so much as what’s on the plate. The food. They’re here for the food. Amanda: I think one of the problems too is — and it’s not a problem — but people are dining out a lot more than they used to. So this is a meal that you would maybe have once a week, you know? It would be your Friday night treat. And now I feel like most of my customers have probably already gone out to eat the night before, and are going out the next night. So they don’t want to have, even between the two of them, seven plates, or eight plates. They want to have two. And they’re going to go out for lunch the next day, and dinner. And they go from one restaurant to another restaurant and they don’t want those big portions. They don’t want to order a lot of food. They just want to sample, and be like, "Oh I went to Dirt Candy. It’s very exciting." Helen: "Checked it off my list." Amanda: Yeah, exactly. Greg: "I took a photo of it." Do you think about that all, that your food is going to be snapped and put on Instagram? Amanda: I think about it in terms of my cooks making sure that the food goes out how we want it to look. Because I’m always like, "Oh guys, come on, somebody’s going to take a picture of that, it sucks." But I don’t care what it looks like in the dining room, if somebody’s taking a picture of it. When people are sometimes like, "The lights are so low here," I’m like "Yeah." It’s weird though because: A, not my problem, and B, other people manage to have perfectly fine photos. I don’t know how they do it. Helen: You’ve just got to increase the brightness in Snapseed. Greg: One of our critics actually has a separate iPhone, or he’ll borrow your iPhone. Amanda: And then flash, and then somebody holds — Greg: He wraps a napkin around it so it diffuses the light. Amanda: Well, see, there you go. Helen: That’s so brilliant. Greg: That’s how the pros do it. Helen: No, it’s genius. Diffused lighting. But I think the photography thing is —  I’m a total perpetrator of this all time. I take thousands of pictures of my food all the time, and post it to Instagram like a maniac. But I do think that there has been this shift where — like you were saying about how they come to your restaurant to say they’ve been to Dirt Candy — I think there’s a certain kind of performance to ordering certain dishes. "Oh, I’m going to get this. I know it’s going to look good. I’m going to take an Instagram of it. And the act of performing my possession of this dish is going to be more important to me than actually eating the dish." Amanda: Oh, one hundred percent. Helen: It’s super weird. This is my theory about why watermelon radishes are so popular right now as an ingredient, because they’re very beautiful. And they introduce a sort of purplely-pink color, which is not usually part of a composition of a plate. And so it pops when you take a top-down Instagram. Amanda: Do you think chefs know that? Helen: Yes, I think they are doing that totally on purpose. Amanda: We’ve always used watermelon radishes for the past seven years, so I did not know that. I didn’t think about it that way. But they are a lovely addition to most plates. Helen: They’re beautiful. Amanda: They are, they’re awesome. Helen: And they taste good enough. They’re okay. Amanda: Yeah. Helen: They’re not my favorite radish. Do you have a favorite radish? Hard hitting interview question. Amanda: I don’t know. Probably like just a regular red radish. Helen: Classic. Greg: Why make it any more complicated than that? Amanda: Well, yeah. They’re the juiciest. Greg: Is there anything that you really love like to eat and cook that you just know you can’t put on the menu because people don’t dig it as much? Amanda: No. I think it’s funny, because after cooking in restaurants for so long, I don’t know how to cook for myself. I don’t know what that means. I never make my own food. If I’m at home I’m probably eating takeout or popcorn. And my thoughts about food are all about the menu. Helen: So how has the menu evolved besides losing exclamation points? I feel like over the — I guess now eight total years that Dirt Candy has been around, it’s changed pretty significantly. Amanda: It has, I think we’re better. So that’s one thing. Hopefully we’ve gotten better over the last eight years. We’re much more vegetable-focused than we meant to be when we started out. When I opened Little Dirt Candy, I just thought I was opening a restaurant that happened not to have meat. We weren’t calling ourselves anything. And we definitely weren’t vegetarian. Over the first couple of years we really progressed to being more vegetable-focused, and that became our narrative. Now I think we have a lot less to prove, so our dishes are actually less fussy. They have less ingredients in them. They’re much more put together, and they are more balanced. I think you have this moment sometimes when you’re like, "I have to get everything into this dish, because it’s my last dish ever." And I don’t think I’m closing tomorrow, so I don’t have to do that for every dish anymore. You always want every dish to be a home run, but I don’t really feel that way anymore. I mean, I want them all to be really good, but it doesn’t have to be the most Instagram-able dish, or the most talked about dish. It just has to be good food. Greg: Every song doesn’t have to be "Bohemian Rhapsody." Amanda: Exactly. Helen: So besides being a cook and a restaurant owner, you also do a fair amount of writing. Amanda: I do, sometimes. Greg: You released a cookbook that is totally unique and everyone went crazy for it. Helen: It’s the coolest cookbook. It’s a comic. Greg: It’s a comic book. Amanda: Comic book cookbook. Helen: And you also have been a regular columnist for food publications. So what else is going on in your head besides restaurant stuff? Or what else about restaurants is going on in your head? Amanda: I’ve kind of taken a step back from a lot of stuff. One of the things that we found is that so much of the story of Dirt Candy became the story of my views on something. And I’m not sure that’s actually helpful to it. As much as I like talking about things — and I do have a lot of opinions about a lot of things — I felt like the story of Dirt Candy was getting lost, and the food that we do, and how hard we work, and all of that. So the truth is that my focus right now is really on the restaurant and pushing that, more than my views on lots of things. Helen: Was there a moment when you made the decision to push the restaurant to the front? Amanda: We took a step back from doing a lot of writing. There’s a couple things I’m still involved in. But about, I’d say, maybe six months ago or so, we had a lot of chefs coming in and industry people, and they were like, "Oh I just know you from your writing. I had no idea about this restaurant." Helen: They didn’t know it existed? Amanda: They knew it existed, but to them it was just a vegetarian restaurant. And they were like, "Oh I want to come, because I really admire your writing and your views on the industry and I wanted to support you. I had no idea my meal was going to be this good. I thought it was going to be this sort of little dirty hole in the wall restaurant in the Lower East Side where you were just serving, you know, vegetables." And they were like, "It’s so much more exciting than that, and I can’t believe I didn’t know this." And it sort of clicked with me that we’d done something wrong there. In my PR, in how we presented ourselves, we let all the writings, all that kind of stuff, move ahead, and the restaurant fell behind. "It’s really important that we keep pushing this industry forward. I feel like we’ve taken a couple of steps back in some directions, and we need to keep pushing or we’re never going to become the grown up industry that we’re meant to be." Helen: It’s kind of a backhanded compliment, for them to show up and be like, "This is great, I had no idea you were competent at your job." Amanda: Pretty much. I get that almost every single night. Greg: It’s interesting because there are a bunch of chefs out there who are name chefs — who you might read about or see on TV, they’re somebody and they do something — but you don’t even know the name of their restaurant, or what their food is all about. Actually, we were talking about this not too long ago with Curtis Stone. I didn’t realize he was this accomplished chef. And he has this restaurant in LA, it’s a big deal. Helen: He came at it from an interesting perspective. Not that you’ve not always been a writer, but you were a cook first. Amanda: Yeah, I was a cook first. Helen: And then started writing. You wrote about women in the kitchen, and the economic trials of owning a small business, and the financial fucked up-ness of the food industry, and all sorts of things that I think are really galvanizing. And to certain people who are not really ready to have these conversations, that can be really shocking or alienating. And for people who are ready to have those conversations, it’s so exciting. Amanda: Yeah. Helen: And for Curtis, he was this hunky TV star. There have been a lot of super good-looking TV chefs who have attempted to open restaurants, and then their restaurant are just complete garbage fires. And his actually was great. Greg: Right, it’s not the perfect analogue. Amanda: Curtis and I look exactly alike, so it is. Helen: You’re also a 6-foot-4 blonde Australian. Amanda: Absolutely. Greg: I find that interesting that the role of a chef has sort of evolved in the media’s eye over the last ten years. Helen: That balance of being a public figure as an individual, and being a public figure as the face and ambassador of your restaurant. It’s a weird balance. Amanda: It’s a weird balance and I’m not sure it’s possible to find. You do one, and then you do the other. You go back and forth, and maybe you can’t do both at the same time. I still talk about tipping all the time, I talk about restaurant issues, but we’re really trying now to be like, "Look: We make food. Delicious food." Greg: I feel like you were one of the chefs that started a lot of conversations that are still going right now. Do you still keep up on all this stuff? Amanda: I do, I read. I still participate in them. I think it’s really important that we keep pushing this industry forward. I feel like we’ve taken a couple of steps back in some directions, and we need to keep pushing or we’re never going to become the grown up industry that we’re meant to be. Greg: So you’re a very strong advocate of a no-tipping model. Something we’ve been covering a lot on Eater NY is that some big restaurants, some big restaurateurs, have tried the no-tipping thing and then dropped it a few months after. Amanda: I know. Greg: With an explanation of like, "This is really great, we’d love to do it sometime. Not right now." Amanda: I know, it’s so disappointing. I do think the model works. I think you have to stick with it. I’ve written about this for you guys before. Helen: We’re making you do what you don’t want to do. Amanda: The truth is, it’s hard. And I do think part of having no tipping has made the work of opening a new restaurant twice as hard as it should have been. We do still struggle with, "Have we done the right things?" And before I go on with this: I don’t have any answers. I’m just trying to make my restaurant run. Helen: I think nobody has answers for this. Amanda: So I’m not an expert on anything. I’m only an expert on my restaurant. But to those people who have tried and have taken a step back: You have to keep trying. And I think part of the problem is we’re not communicating it to the customers properly. We used to have an admin fee and we don’t have it anymore. Now we’re just all-inclusive. And we were terrified about doing it. But we actually had to because it was illegal. So we sat down with our staff and we were like, "How are we going to do this? Our prices are going to go up, and they’re going to look absurd." I mean, they just are. I’m giving you a bowl of vegetables and it’s going to cost over $20. People already think we’re too expensive, and they’ve come to the Lower East Side to just be angry. We have to tell them. When they sit down we have to say, "You know what? We know these prices look too high. We one hundred percent agree. This is why we’re an all-inclusive restaurant. Please trust us, this is how we want you to order. Get two to three dishes per person." Whatever the shpiel is. Get our tasting menu, and you’ll see at the end that you will have paid the same. And the truth is, once we started doing that, our check averages either went up a little or stayed the exact same. Greg: Wow, that’s like: Take the Pepsi Challenge. Just give it a shot. Amanda: Just give it a shot. Helen: You’re also breaking this major taboo, which is talking about the prices. Amanda: Right. Helen: You’re talking about money. And I suspect that some of the restaurants that have tried going gratuity-included — or no gratuity, or all-inclusive, whatever we’re calling it these days — and have pulled back, have never, because it a horrifying thing to do. Amanda: It is. Helen: People, when they recite the specials, won’t tell you how much it costs in most restaurants, because as soon as you enter that dollar figure into someone’s head, the whole psychology game of trying to sell them stuff gets screwed up. Greg: There is a Brooklyn restaurant that I really love that just switched to a no-tipping system, and we were looking at the menus and they had avocado toast as $21. And we were like, "Hey now, here we go. $21 avocado toast." But I was thinking: What was it before, $16? And then you tip. Helen: That’s just a 30 percent tip — Greg: But it’s a psychological thing. Amanda: It is, and one of the problems. This is why we were fighting it. Although I’m not talking about it a lot, the tipping, anymore, I am still participating in a lot of studies, and I have think tanks that are using all our data for their studies. Greg: Think tanks? Helen: That’s so cool. Amanda: I know, right? Greg: Like what kind of — think tanks at universities? Helen: Wait, I want to know everything about this. Amanda: Yes. Those kinds of think tanks. Because this is a system that people actually think could work elsewhere. And how do we implement it sort of across the board without harming other restaurants? One of the things they discovered is when you pay your bill, you only remember the first number you see. You don’t remember how much tip you paid. And so that’s where it’s become this really expensive thing. So if I give you a bill and it’s $100. And you tip $20. You remember that restaurant experience as $100. Helen: Oh, wow. Amanda: You don’t remember the $20 that you tipped on top of it. Greg: Oh geez. Helen: That’s crazy. Amanda: It’s crazy, right? Helen: And also feels extremely accurate to the way I’m now thinking about it. Amanda: Right, right? I was like, "Oh yeah." And they were like, "So that’s why when people are seeing your admin fee, they’re thinking you’re really expensive because that’s the number they’re seeing. That last number." They don’t have to pay anything else, and that’s why we started being like, "Okay we really have to like talk to people." Helen: You’ve got to prime them for it. Amanda: Yeah, it’s going to be expensive. But you’re going to walk away. And then what we’ve seen in reviews about us since we started this, they’re like, "We loved it, it’s great. It’s a little bit on the pricier side, and I would totally go back." I’m like, "Okay, fair enough." Helen: That works, right? Amanda: They’re calling it like it is. It is a little on the pricier side, I agree. Greg: So people don’t remember the tip. I wonder — Helen: I’m so stuck on this, I’m totally shocked. Greg: I’m mean, also, have you guys ever had the experience where you tip with a credit card, and then you just see it go through on your credit card. You’re like, "Oh, $150." And then a week later you get that credit card charge, and you’re like, "What, what is that, what?" Amanda: Yeah, exactly. Helen: Yup. No, I totally — that’s bonkers. Amanda: It’s cool, right? So this is a whole new world that people are studying, because I think ultimately most people don’t like the tipping system. So we can all say, "Oh it’s going to work, it’s not going to work, what are we going to do?" I can’t imagine that it’s not going to be the future. Some part of it will be the future. I don’t know how, when minimum wage goes up, how people are still going to have tipping. I don’t know how people are going to afford to pay their staff. Helen: Yeah. Our New York restaurant critic Ryan Sutton wrote a really extensive analysis of this back in October when Danny Meyer announced that all the Union Square Hospitality restaurants were going to be going tip-free over the course of a several-year roll-out. And he tried really, really hard to make — I thought he did a spectacular job in this piece of making the case that it’s not just an ethical and professionalism move — even though I think there’s a big case that tipping is bad for a lot of reasons — it’s this preventative measure against minimum wage going up. Amanda: Right. Helen: And from my sense, of the restaurateurs and chefs that we heard from, and a lot of the really vocal diners , they sort of missed that half of the argument. They were like, "No, tipping is really important for servers!" Servers were really angry, so many furious servers who were like, "You don’t understand how hard we work." And it’s like, dude, when minimum wage goes up, either restaurants are going to cut staff significantly and you’re going to have no income, or they’re going to start having to fold this into prices and get it in through legit channels. Amanda: Well, from a customer perspective, the hardest thing to explain to them ...particularly when we had the admin fee but even before that... they would be like, "Just pay your staff better." Well, how? How? That doesn’t work. "If you go into a supermarket and the cashier’s surly, are you like, ‘I’m going to take some of these bananas for free, and then I’m going to dock your pay’? You would never do that. So why is that okay in the restaurant industry?" Helen: Where does it come from? Amanda: The margins are slim, guys. So we have to now charge you more money, and then you’re going to be angry because it’s too expensive. So, you have that. And then from the servers, I sat on a panel with a server a couple months ago, and he was like, "Oh you know, I totally don’t believe in no-tipping. I work for my tips, and it’s so important to me." I was like, "Yeah, but you know what? You have nights where you’ve only been paid $50." And they were like, "Yeah." And I was like, "Right, so in a no-tipping establishment, you never have those nights. You get your guarantee." Work in a better restaurant. We pay our servers $25 an hour. There are some restaurants that are paying $30 an hour. Find a higher paying job. I am guaranteeing you, once these prices go up, you will not be making the money you think you are making anymore. Because people aren’t going to tip 20 percent anymore. Greg: That’s very real. So I’m a diner who actually likes tipping. Because I like to feel sort of magnanimous — I’m a big shot, here we go. Look at how generous I am. But the other system feels pretty great too. Amanda: But then still be a tipper. Great! Say, "You know what, at the end of the night, I loved my service." Make it actually what it should be, which is the tip. You know, "Joe, you were the best server I’ve had in a really long time. Here’s $20, thank you so much." Helen: But that requires personal interaction. And that’s the weird, fucked-up psychology of all of this: Diners mistakenly believe that a tip is a way for them to exercise control over their server. Which I think infinite studies have proven is completely not the case. But they want to exercise that control without ever actually interacting with the person or with their manager. Greg: Right. Helen: It’s this weird passive-aggressive way of communicating through just a series of numerals on a piece of paper, exactly how I, a random person you will never see again, considers your value as a human being. Amanda: Right. Helen: And so, if you’re like, "Oh no, I want to go up to Joe and say, ‘You were an amazing server.’" That requires me to put myself in a position of talking to somebody. Amanda: Yeah, that doesn’t happen anymore. Helen: People don’t want to do that. Amanda: No. Helen: They want to have no engagement. Amanda: When people are like, "What if my service is awful? What am I supposed to do?" I’m like, "Well you don’t punish the person by taking away their living." Greg: Yeah, right. Amanda: I’m always like, if you go into a supermarket and the cashier’s surly. And they’re always surly. You’re like, "I didn’t like how you like rang up my bananas. I’m going to take some of these bananas for free, and then I’m going to go complain to the manager." Helen: "And dock your pay." Amanda: "And dock your pay." You would never do that. So why is that okay in the restaurant industry? If you don’t like your service, that’s totally fair. Sometimes servers suck. Complain. Say something. See something, say something. Helen: No, it’s totally, so weird. And I’m one hundred percent philosophically in the camp of tipping is terrible, we should professionalize the flow of money through the restaurant industry so that everything can be better. By having people actually pay the amounts that they are paying when they tip, but having all the money go, you know, blah blah blah. But I’m also lucky to be able to be in a position where I’m a pretty generous tipper. And I like doing that, and especially if you go into a restaurant and you’re a food writer, and you know people who work there, and they send out a couple extra dishes, and you leave some 40, or 50, or 60 percent tip, you can feel like you’re part of the friend club. Amanda: Right, but there’s two problems with that. One is, because I hear you and I agree with it. The problem is that you’re giving that tip, if somebody comes to my restaurant and we comp the meal for them because you know, they’re a friend, or they’re a chef, or somebody. And they leave a tip, well that’s great. But you know what?Who’s getting that tip still? It’s only your server. So that great tip that you’re leaving isn’t going to the kitchen, right? It still can only go to the server, no matter what. That is the law. Helen: The law is weird. Amanda: The law is weird. So that sucks. Helen: Yeah. Amanda: Like it just does. And the other problem with this conversation that we’re still having is we’re so worried about the server and we’ve lost the discussion about the kitchen workers. We’re like, "Oh the poor servers." And that doesn’t mean I don’t think servers deserve the money they make. But why are we focused on how much the servers are making and what’s happening with the servers and we’re still not talking about the back of house workers? "Oh, well we’re going to lose all our servers." Well, you know what? We’re losing all our cooks. I’m still having a hard time finding cooks to work for me, and I pay really well. And we have profit-sharing, we have Dirt Candy University, and you can go out for dinner and we’ll pay you $50 if you do it. Or $50 towards your bill. And we’re still not finding people, because they don’t live in New York anymore. Greg: One thing I find really interesting about that is how you were talking about how people want share plates more, and they’re like, "I need that, I want to go to a restaurant every night of the week, I want the food." In that scenario, I see it as like the kitchen is even more important. Amanda: Right. Greg: People are obsessed with the food, the food is the focus. Helen: Right, it’s not a five-hour luxurious service experience. Where you develop a deep, intimate relationship with your service captain. Amanda: No, we’ve lost the thread of it again. Where the whole point of this is to make sure the restaurant industry survives. It’s still not. Helen: I mean, this is all capitalism. Everything is terrible, let’s all be socialists. Greg: Ah, socialist New York, the daydream. Helen: An attainable future. It’ll be beautiful for everyone. Well Amanda, we have come to the portion of our Eater Upsell interview that we like to call the lightning round. Amanda: Okay. Helen: We’re going to ask you some questions, and you can say whatever you want. Amanda: All right, let’s do it. Greg: Question number one, you are at the airport and you have an hour to kill, and you have $30 in your wallet. What do you do? Amanda: That’s a tough one. It depends where I’m going, and why I’m going there. But if I’m on vacation, let’s say, I am buying a glass of wine or a beer and a magazine, and just spending some time at the bar. Helen: That’s a solid airport move. Greg: Sounds fun. Amanda: Yeah, the problem is the airport I go to most is this tiny part of LaGuardia. Because I go home to Toronto all the time, and there’s nothing in there. So I can’t do that. There’s like an Annie’s Pretzels. Greg: Ah, LaGuardia. Amanda: Yeah. Greg: It’s a real New York airport. Amanda: It is. Greg: I kind of like that about it. You still drive up. Helen: Didn’t Joe Biden call it a national disgrace of an airport or something? Greg: It’s like an airport from an Eddy Murphy comedy. Helen: It’s a terrible airport. Amanda: But this is really the — I hope they let me back in again — it’s just this awful tiny part of it where nothing happens. There’s one Hudson News stand. Helen: It’s not where the Shake Shack and the other cool restaurants are? Amanda: No, no. There’s nothing cool there. I don’t even think the bar’s actually inside the security. Helen: Speaking of bars, our next question is if you show up at a bar that you’ve never ever been to before and you know nothing about it, what is the drink that you order? Amanda: Probably a Guinness. Helen: Oh, but that’s a challenging drink. Amanda: I know. But I’ve never been to a bar where I’ve been like, "Oh I don’t think this is right," where they haven’t been like, "Yeah, you know, it sucks, I’ll get you something else." Helen: Okay. Amanda: So I feel they’re pretty honest, they know whether or not their Guinness is good or not. Greg: Do you serve Guinness at Dirt Candy? Amanda: I don’t. I don’t think it goes with our food. Helen: It’s a little heavy. Amanda: A little heavy. Greg: If you were not a chef, writer, published author, what would you be doing? What was your dream job if it couldn’t be those things? Amanda: I don’t know, it’s always what I’ve wanted to be. It’s the only thing I’ve ever known how to do, or wanted to do, so I’d probably just be dead. Greg: Wow. Helen: Speaking of death, if you could bring back into existence any now-closed restaurant, what would you bring back to life? Amanda: When I was little I lived in Ottawa, and I’m pretty sure this was like the height of sophistication to me, but there was a restaurant called The Dill Pickle. It had a really good salad dressing, and that’s what I would bring back to life. Greg: What was the salad dressing? Amanda: You know, I think it had some dill in it. Creamy, it was a dill, sour cream, ranch-y thing. It was really, really good. Helen: I love that answer. Amanda: That, sorry, and I’m going also to the Royal Canadian Pancake House. Greg: Which you wrote a lovely piece for Eater about. And it sounded like — I couldn’t imagine it actually, in the fabric of New York City. Amanda: It was awesome. I mean, it was a different time. 80s, 90s. Giant pancakes, tiny pancakes, Canadian crackers. Greg: Would you ever want to do your own version of something like that? Amanda: We do, we have the Canadian cracker at brunch. Greg: Right, but your own dedicated — Helen: You could call it Nasty Bonbons. Amanda: Nasty Bonbons! Helen: Nasty Bonbons, the pancake restaurant. Amanda: Unfortunately I’m not sure if giant pancake restaurants work anymore. You know? In general the center of the pancake was always kind of raw. So I don’t know if you could do it well. Greg: Okay, so next question, you’re on a road trip, you’re by yourself, you’re gunning down the highway, and you’re singing something out loud. What is it? What are you listening to, and what are you singing along to? Amanda: First of all I don’t drive. So, these questions are really tough for me. Greg: Well, you know — Helen: You’re being shuttled along the highway by a driverless car. Greg: You just learned how to drive. It’s the future and we don’t need drivers anymore. Helen: Let’s just reroute this: What’s your karaoke jam? Amanda: Oh, "I Touch Myself." Helen: Oh, mine too. Amanda: That’s my favorite. Helen: It’s so good. Amanda: It’s so good. Helen: We should do that sometime. Amanda: Let’s do it. A duet? Helen: It makes people kind of uncomfortable. Amanda: Totally. Helen: Because it’s about masturbating. Amanda: Yeah, I know, especially when you do the moves with it. Greg: Wait, hold up, what? Helen: So, I don’t know if you listened to the name of the song? But it’s called, "I Touch Myself." Greg: I thought it was more metaphorical, on the inside. Amanda: No, it’s really not. And it’s good, you get some moves going with it. Helen: Oh wow, I really ought to do that. That’s very strong. Cool. Greg: Well, Amanda this has been a real pleasure. Thanks for coming by the studio. Amanda: It was lots of fun. Helen: People can find Dirt Candy on the Lower East Side of New York, or at dirtcandynyc.com. Greg: And your Twitter handle is Dirt Candy NYC? Amanda: No, my Twitter is @DirtCandy. Helen: Weren’t you paying attention? Amanda: My Instagram is @DirtCandyNYC. Helen: It’s a hard life. Amanda: It really is. Helen: Thanks for coming by, Amanda. Amanda: Thank you. Subscribe on iTunes | Listen on Soundcloud | Subscribe to the RSS | See the archives The Eater Upsell is recorded at Vox Media Studios in Manhattan Hosts: Greg Morabito and Helen Rosner Producers: Patrick Bulger and Maureen Giannone Associate Producer/Editor: Daniel Geneen Associate Producer: Kendra Vaculin Read more transcripts from this season of the Eater Upsell: Eric Ripert Doesn’t Follow Food Trends Marc Summers Has No Tricks Up His Sleeve Alex Stupak Only Wants Success on His Own Terms Share Tweet Share Center Feature Placement (:center_placement_feature) btf leaderboard (:btf_leaderboard, :btf_tablet_leaderboard) Back to top ^ Terms of Use / Privacy Policy / Communications Preferences Masthead / Contact / Send Us a Tip / Media Kit / Ethics Statement / Community Guidelines / Contest Rules © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All rights reserved. All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Jobs @ Vox Media / Advertise with us Eater Jobs
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Apply Inc. 5000 Europe Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise Launch! LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN SITEMAP PRIVACY AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. TECHNOLOGY How Snapchat's Spectacles Will Succeed Where Google Glass Failed The company, now rebranded as Snap, has taken several smart steps to ensure its wearable product won't flop. By Salvador Rodriguez Salvador Rodriguez is a staff reporter for the San Francisco bureau of Inc. He covers Apple, Google, Facebook, Twitter, tech diversity, virtual reality, and other aspects of technology and entrepreneurship. Previously, Rodriguez was the Silicon Valley correspondent for the International Business Times; before that, he was the lead tech blogger and gadget reviewer for the Los Angeles Times. Rodriguez has interned with The New York Times in Arizona, The Arizona Republic, and the Houston Chronicle. He was born in Mexico and raised in Texas, and he earned his journalism degrees at Arizona State University. One of his special skills is the ability to name all the Super Bowl winners chronologically from memory. @sal19 Staff reporter, Inc.@sal19 WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement Snap, the company formerly known as Snapchat, on Friday revealed its first non-app product: Spectacles, a pair of camera-equipped glasses designed to let users easily take photos and videos of life as they experience it. If this sounds familiar, that's because Snap's Spectacles are similar to Glass, Google's ambitious wearable gadget that ultimately failed in embarrassingly public fashion. The device never managed to catch on with mainstream users, and it drew the ire of privacy pundits. Spectacles may resemble Glass in form, but beyond that, Snap has taken several measures to ensure its set of glasses will be a hit with the masses and not another wearable flop. For starters, the price point for Spectacles is $129.99. That's pennies compared to the $1,500 Google charged when it came out with Glass in 2013. Spectacles can't do nearly as much as Glass. For example, Glass could capture photos and video, allowed users to listen to audio, connected to the internet, could run apps, and came with a tiny screen you could use for things like reading text messages. Spectacles, on the other hand, is much simpler. It has two camera lenses, located at the corners of the frames, and that's about it. Spectacles may not be able to do as much as Glass, but it's far more affordable. That alone gives it a broader potential customer base. Additionally, Snap does not appear to plan on making Spectacles difficult to purchase. When Glass was coming out, Google required that users write 50-word micro-essays via social media explaining how they would use the device. Interested customers had to be deemed worthy by Google before receiving the right to pay $1,500 for the device. This put a lot of pressure on potential customers and a ton of friction in the transaction process. Additionally, it immediately contributed to Glass's perception of being a product for hardcore techies, not the masses. Snap has yet to detail its plans for Spectacles' rollout. The company has only said that the gadget will be available soon and have a limited release, but aside from that, there is no evidence that the Los Angeles company is planning to include an essay question. Perhaps the starkest difference between the two wearable devices is the definition of their purpose. While Google asked customers to explain what they would use Glass for, Snap has already made Spectacles' use concrete: It is a camera that shoots 10-second video clips for the purpose of creating memories. That's it. When a consumer ponders if they should purchase Spectacles, they won't have to waste time asking themselves what they would use that tool for. Snap has already made at least one specific use case clear. With Glass, Google never defined the purpose, and as a result, consumers never really quite understood why they would need such a device. Without clarifying its purpose, it became easy for many to believe that Glass was a tool for creepers. One final point is the design of the two gadgets. Each one is a perfect reflection of the company that made it. Glass was a nerdy-looking gadget that no one in their right mind, outside of geeks and people in science fiction movies, would ever wear seriously. Spectacles, on the other hand, look silly. They come in black, teal, or coral and feature lenses that are almost comically large. They don't take themselves seriously. As Snap puts it, they're a toy. They're fun, just like Snapchat. Published on: Sep 26, 2016 Advertisement
null
null
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Google Chromecast Ultra: Everything you need to know Elyse Betters and Max Langridge4 October 2016TV Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google's Chromecast is going 4K. It's been a year since Google updated Chromecast by releasing Chromecast 2 with a new design, improved internals, and a refreshed app. At the Mountain View, CA-based company's October 4 event, it announced a new, third-generation model that supports 4K with HDR and Dolby Vision. Here's everything you need to know about Google's new streaming dongle. Google Chromecast: What is it? Google launched the first Chromecast in 2013. It's an affordable HDMI dongle that lets you wirelessly "cast" content to a television. It basically makes most TVs smart. Then, in 2015, Google launched Chromecast 2. It's faster, more responsive, and just as affordable. And it arrived with an updated Chromecast app that serves as a one-stop shop for finding compatible apps and specific content across those apps. For more information on Chromecast, see Pocket-lint's review of Chromecast 2. Chromecast 2 review: Make any TV smart, effortlessly What is Google Cast for Audio? Chromecast now has a guest mode: Here's how to turn on the feature What is Google Chromecast and why should you care? Roku Streaming Stick vs Google Chromecast Amazon Fire TV Stick vs Google Chromecast vs Roku Streaming Stick Google Chromecast Ultra: What is it? Chromecast Ultra looks just like the Chromecast 2, although it's lost the Chrome logo in favour of a small 'G' to fit in with Google's 'Made by Google' message. Google says it's 1.8x faster than the Chromecast 2, which is ideal because it needs to be able to support 4K Ultra HD streams as well as High Dynamic Range (HDR) and Dolby Vision.  It works in exactly the same way as the Chromecast and Chromecast Audio, you simply need to tap the Cast icon in the compatible app on your smartphone or tablet to send content to the big screen. Google Chromecast Ultra: What does it feature? Google's Chromecast Ultra supports 4K Ultra HD content for the benefit of consumers who've upgraded to TVs that support 4K content. By releasing the Ultra, Google has beaten both Amazon Fire TV Stick and Roku Stick in getting 4K support into a small dongle. Amazon and Roku have boxes that support 4K, but not a dongle that can be hidden away behind the TV. Apple's fourth-generation Apple TV box doesn't support 4K either. The Chromecast Ultra can not only stream content via wi-fi, but also comes with an Ethernet port for a wired, more stable internet connection. This is ideal for 4K Ultra HD streams, as they'll require a higher bandwidth and stronger connection than full HD streams. Google Chromecast Ultra: What does it look like? We'd already seen some leaked renders posted by VentureBeat of the Chromecast Ultra and they were pretty spot on. The new model looks almost identical to the Chromecast 2, with the only major difference being the Chrome logo on the HDMI dongle being replaced by a subtle "G" to fall under Google's "Made by Google" tagline. It's a wise move from Google to use the same design as the Chromecast 2, as the new look makes it easy to squeeze between ports behind your TV. It's a small, plastic, hockey-puck-shaped device with a glossy and colourful front and matte bottom. Google Chromecast Ultra: When will it be available? The Google Chromecast Ultra will be available from November.  Google Chromecast Ultra: How much will it cost? Google has confirmed the Chromecast Ultra will cost £69 in the UK when it goes on sale in November and $69 in the US. You can sign up to a waiting list on Google's Store to be notified when it's available to buy. Want to know more? Browse Pocket-lint's Chromecast hub for the latest and breaking news. Sections Google TV Best 4K TVs: Ultra HD televisions to buy in 2016 What is HDR, what TVs support HDR, and what HDR content can I watch? Samsung KS7000 SUHD TV review: Serious performance for the price LG OLED E6 review: The perfect OLED match Popular In TV On Pocket-lint Virgin Media TiVo 2: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know about the 4K V6 box When is The Grand Tour on TV and how can I watch it? Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more The Grand Tour now available, see the hijinks of the ex-Top Gear crowd on Amazon Amazon Video preparing for worldwide expansion Sony brings its PlayStation Vue live TV service to new Apple TV What to look for when buying a TV All 4 takes on Netflix and Amazon with new design and exclusive shows BT launches Dolby Atmos sound with 4K TV packages, get the stadium experience at home John Lewis Christmas adverts over the years: Including amazing 2016 #BusterTheBoxer commercial OnePlus 4: What's the story so far? Virgin Media TiVo 2: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know about the 4K V6 box How to watch Amazon Video on your Android phone or tablet Best Black Friday UK phone deals: Apple, Samsung, Android phone deals galore When is The Grand Tour on TV and how can I watch it? Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: A touch of brilliance or totally brainless? Best Black Friday UK games deals: Amazing PS4, Xbox One and Nintendo deals Black Friday UK smartwatch deals: The best smartwatch deals online OnePlus 3T vs Google Pixel XL: What's the difference? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Premier League Burnley 2-0 Watford: Premier League – as it happened Burnley outfought, outran and outplayed a disappointing Watford side and scored with headers seven minutes before, and six minutes after, half time Updated Burnley’s Michael Keane celebrates after heading in the second. Photograph: Jason Cairnduff/Reuters Simon Burnton @Simon_Burnton Monday 26 September 2016 17.03 EDT Last modified on Monday 26 September 2016 17.05 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 4.54pm EDT 16:54 Final score: Burnley 2-0 Watford 4.09pm EDT 16:09 GOAL! Burnley 2-0 Watford (Keane, 51 mins) 3.38pm EDT 15:38 GOAL! Burnley 1-0 Watford (Hendrick, 38 mins) 3.48pm EDT 15:48 Half time: Burnley 1-0 Watford 2.08pm EDT 14:08 The teams! Live feed Show 5.03pm EDT 17:03 Here’s your match report. Thanks, and bye! Jeff Hendrick and Michael Keane head Burnley to victory against Watford Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.03pm EDT 17:03 Michael Keane speaks to Sky: It’s a special feeling. It’s a target of mine I’ve been looking to get. I just needed a few set plays. It came at a good time, settled us down and we never looked back from there. I think we’ve got better depth in our squad now, we’ve got better belief this time. [Asked about Defour, who’s standing next to him] He’s a brilliant player. You can see the technical ability he’s got and that calm influence he has on the team. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.01pm EDT 17:01 Burnley will win a few points if they can play like that regularly. Just horrible to play against, and if they didn’t exactly create a lot from open play, they didn’t exactly need to. Watford looked like a team that had just beaten West Ham and Manchester United before spending six days reading the glowing reports and inflating their egos. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.54pm EDT 16:54 Final score: Burnley 2-0 Watford 90+5 mins: Heaton boots the ball upfield and the referee blows his whistle. This won’t have delighted many neutrals, but Burnley complete a deserved win. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.52pm EDT 16:52 90+5 mins: The last kick of the game – bar Heaton’s goal kick – is a shot from Success that flies high and wide. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.51pm EDT 16:51 90+4 mins: Watford are launching all sorts of long balls and hoping for a lucky bounce. This time, though, they just vie away a free kick. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.50pm EDT 16:50 90+3 mins: Burnley’s second substitution sees Gudmundsson go off and Kightly come on. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.50pm EDT 16:50 90+2 mins: Arfield shows Prödl that he’s not the only one who can pull a shirt, and Watford win a free kick deep in their own half. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.48pm EDT 16:48 90+1 mins: Into stoppage time, of which there will be four minutes. Obviously. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.45pm EDT 16:45 87 mins: The last five minutes or so have been good for Watford. So that’s something. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.43pm EDT 16:43 85 mins: Success has probably had more touches in Burnley’s penalty area than any other Watford player. He dances his way to the byline, but his pull-back finds only defenders. Burnley’s Ben Mee clears the danger. Photograph: Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images Updated at 4.51pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.41pm EDT 16:41 84 mins: Kenedy’s corner is dreadful but the clearance is straight to Behrami on the edge of the area, who shoots just wide. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.41pm EDT 16:41 83 mins: Oooof! Success carries the ball from the left into the area, goes past Keane and slides the ball across goal and just wide of the far post from a silly angle. Someone must have touched it, as a corner has been given. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.40pm EDT 16:40 82 mins: Burnley make their first substitution, Defour coming off after an excellent shift in midfield and of course the two assists, and Scott Arfield coming on. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.39pm EDT 16:39 81 mins: Vokes’ shot rebounds back off a defender, back off Vokes and through to Boyd, who shoots when he might have squared to the unmarked Hendrick, and Gomes saves. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.39pm EDT 16:39 81 mins: He was 40 yards away from any other player at the time, but still, he touched it, so that makes it one of Watford’s best moments of the half. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.38pm EDT 16:38 81 mins: Heaton has just touched the ball. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.36pm EDT 16:36 78 mins: Ighalo has contributed approximately – and I’m rounding down only a little – absolutely nothing to his team today, so far as I can tell. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.34pm EDT 16:34 76 mins: Watford make their final substitution, replacing the nearly-sent-off Pereyra with Kenedy. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.33pm EDT 16:33 75 mins: Burnley are letting Watford have a lot of possession, but are absolutely all over them the moment they get close to a key area. The home side continue to work like hounds, and have made very few mistakes. If anything they’ve been more impressive this half than the last. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.31pm EDT 16:31 73 mins: Pereyra fouls Hendrick in midfield, and Turf Moor demands a second yellow card. The referee doesn’t oblige, but he must have considered it. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.29pm EDT 16:29 70 mins: Andy Hinchliffe, handling co-commentary duties, continues to insist that “this could very easily be turned round”, but there continues to be very little evidence that Watford are about to turn anything, except for TV viewers off football altogether. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.25pm EDT 16:25 67 mins: There didn’t seem much in that, either in terms of intent or contact – though it was certainly a free kick, I’d say – but Ward stays down for a good while, prompting Mazzarri into some angry watch-pointing. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.23pm EDT 16:23 65 mins: Success wins a header, but the arm he raised to lever his way airwards connects with Ward, and he’s booked for his troubles. Stephen Ward takes a knock to the head after colliding with Watford’s Isaac Success. Photograph: Richard Sellers/PA Updated at 4.35pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.23pm EDT 16:23 64 mins: Success is fouled by Marney and Watford have a free kick 30 yards out, which Pereyra blasts into the wall. It rebounds to a Watford player, whose shot falls to Deeney, whose mishit first-time effort is turned wide by Heaton. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.21pm EDT 16:21 63 mins: A lovely ball into the area from Pereyra finds Deeney momentarily unmarked, but his header towards the far post is weak, and also wide. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.19pm EDT 16:19 61 mins: Oooh! Another free kick is sent into the Watford box, pings around a bit and then Defour slams in a shot that Gomes flaps back out. Vokes and Mee descend on the loose ball, take each other out and Gomes claims. Very nearly a third there. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.17pm EDT 16:17 60 mins: Vokes and Prödl battle for the ball. Prödl tries to pull his opponent’s shirt, and when that doesn’t quite do the trick just kicks him. Free kick. Burnley’s Sam Vokes is downed by Watford’s Sebastian Prödl. Photograph: Richard Sellers/PA Updated at 4.29pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.17pm EDT 16:17 59 mins: Watford slip into their third formation of the evening, with Success joining Ighalo and Deeney at the top of a 4-3-3. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.16pm EDT 16:16 58 mins: A second substitution for Watford sees Amrabat depart, and Isaac Success arrive. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.14pm EDT 16:14 56 mins: Lowton wins the ball well in midfield and slides Vokes into space in the penalty area. The striker is offside by a distance, but Watford continue to be outrun and outfought in key areas. OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) 4 - Steven Defour has been involved in four of Burnley's five goals in the Premier League this season (scoring one, assisting three). Key. September 26, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.13pm EDT 16:13 54 mins: Watford continue to wobble, Britos this time deciding not to move towards a ball that is passed gently towards him, instead letting a Burnley player run three times as far to take it away from him. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.11pm EDT 16:11 53 mins: Watford will be wanting to sort this out at some point. Match of the Day (@BBCMOTD) 'Just cross the ball lads'. Watford's last 7 goals conceded in the #PL have all come from crosses. #BURWAT : https://t.co/z3FrIYpOGi pic.twitter.com/FnGioIYqn5 September 26, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.09pm EDT 16:09 52 mins: Watford’s defence don’t appear to be big fans of heading. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.09pm EDT 16:09 GOAL! Burnley 2-0 Watford (Keane, 51 mins) The corner is cleared, crossed back in again and this time Keane wins the header at the back post, and Burnley double their lead! Michael Keane steers the ball home with a deft header. Photograph: Clive Brunskill/Getty Images Keane celebrates after doubling the lead for Burnley. Photograph: Jason Cairnduff/Reuters Updated at 4.27pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.08pm EDT 16:08 50 mins: Defour is found in all sorts of space in the middle of the pitch, runs forward and finds Boyd, who cuts inside and then shoots across goal – it looked like it could have been heading in, until Prödl slid across to deflect it wide. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.07pm EDT 16:07 49 mins: Heaton makes a save! Amrabat is tackled and the ball rolls to Deeney inside the area, who takes a touch and then blasts it goalwards, but it’s beaten away! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.04pm EDT 16:04 46 mins: Peeeep! Watford get the second half under way. Zuniga looks to have gone to right-back in a back four, with Amrabat on the right wing in front of him. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.03pm EDT 16:03 Watford are to make a half-time substitution: Camilo Zuñíga is coming on, and Craig Cathcart is going off, which suggests a change of formation. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.56pm EDT 15:56 On Sky, Jamie Carragher reckons Hendrick fouled Holebas before heading in the goal, hence the killer-seagull-style flinch. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.53pm EDT 15:53 Walter Mazzarri has been pretty good at inspiring second-half improvements from his side this season. And he’s going to have to do it again. Sky Sports Statto (@SkySportsStatto) .@BurnleyOfficial have lost once in 13 @premierleague games when leading at half time. Only defeat was 3-2 v @CPFC in January 2015 #MNF pic.twitter.com/LFsGHmJq87 September 26, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.49pm EDT 15:49 It must be said that the world has witnessed finer halves of football, but at the end of it Burnley just about deserve their lead. Watford manager Walter Mazzarri looks down on the sidelines. Photograph: Richard Sellers/PA Updated at 3.53pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.48pm EDT 15:48 Half time: Burnley 1-0 Watford 45+3 mins: It’s headed into the box, headed out of the box, and before it comes down to earth the half-time whistle is blown. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.47pm EDT 15:47 45+2 mins: Lowton is booked for obstructing Holebas, and Watford have another free kick. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.47pm EDT 15:47 45+2 mins: An effort on goal from Watford! The free kick is played down the right, Pereyra crosses and Ighalo heads at goal. The ball was a bit behind him, he was quite a way out and it would have taken a catastrophic goalkeeping error for it to go in, but still, it was a shot on target. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.45pm EDT 15:45 45 mins: An excellent half from Burnley – fighting, working, playing to their strengths and nullifying their opponents’ – comes towards its conclusion. Two minutes of stoppage time will start with a free kick to Watford, though, after Capoue is fouled. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.42pm EDT 15:42 42 mins: I really want to know what happened to Holebas when that corner was taken. At precisely the vital moment he ducked and threw his hands up above his head as if trying to protect himself from a nonexistent flock of vicious man-eating seagulls. Updated at 3.43pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.41pm EDT 15:41 41 mins: Replays show that Marney wasn’t offside in the move that led to the corner that led to the goal. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.40pm EDT 15:40 40 mins: And nearly another! Burnley have a free kick deep on the right, which is hoisted into the penalty area, won by Mee and Vokes throws out a leg and diverts the ball into Gomes’s chest. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.38pm EDT 15:38 GOAL! Burnley 1-0 Watford (Hendrick, 38 mins) The corner’s headed in! It’s sent to the far post, where Holebas is supposed to be marking Hendrick, but just as the ball dips towards them the Greek bizarrely and inexplicably ducks, and Hendrick sends his free header past Gomes! Jeff Hendrick heads home the opening goal, his first for the club. Photograph: Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images Heurelho Gomes can only watch the ball bounce into the net. Photograph: Oli Scarff/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 3.55pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.37pm EDT 15:37 37 mins: Gudmundsson’s wayward shot hits Marney, who chases the ball down, sends it low into the penalty area and wins a corner. Watford think Marney was offside, and presumably made their point a little forcefully, as Holebas has been booked and I can’t think of any other reason. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.35pm EDT 15:35 35 mins: Watford have had 61% of possession in the last 10 minutes, we’re told. I can’t think of a single notable touch inside Burnley’s penalty area at any stage of the game so far, though. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.33pm EDT 15:33 34 mins: Watford have the ball for a while, pass it this way and that, and then Britos needlessly gifts it to Gudmundsson. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.32pm EDT 15:32 33 mins: For some reason, though, the home fans seem very angry about it. Perhaps Sky’s microphones are just in the wrong places. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.32pm EDT 15:32 31 mins: A third of the way through, and though there has not been a lot of quality from either side, Burnley’s five-man midfield, Boyd’s workaholic tendencies and Gudmundsson’s left-footed delivery from the right wing make them the most likely to make a breakthrough. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.28pm EDT 15:28 28 mins: Capoue tries a high, long crossfield wonderpass, which floats gently into the arms of Heaton. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.26pm EDT 15:26 26 mins: Capoue chips the ball to Holebas on the edge of the area, but his wild left-footed yahoo flies into a defender. Ben Mee of Burnley attempts to block the shot from Jose Holebas. Photograph: Clive Brunskill/Getty Images Updated at 3.35pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Premier League Burnley Watford Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Premier League Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV September 26 GOOG: 774.21 -12.69 Google’s Project Loon advancements kept a test balloon in the air for over three months Edoardo Maggio - 2 months ago @northead Google Alphabet project loon View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google-related news may be all about Pixel, Nexus and Andromeda right now, but such a narrowed down field of topics would neglect the actual number of things the company — or, rather, the parent Alphabet — is actively working on; a big number. And one of its craziest, most interesting projects is Project Loon, which made extraordinary progress over the past few months… In particular, as per a post published over the weekend on Loon’s official Google Plus page, the team has been actively working on navigation technology, which saw significant enhancements that ultimately allowed the balloons to stay up in the air for markedly longer times than before. And, as a result of the technical upgrades, one balloon managed to float around South American airspace for no less than a startling 98 days — that’s over three months of dancing in the skies. But how exactly did they make it? Well, the short answer is that new software algorithms worked out intelligent ways to pick up the currents and determine the right altitude. “To test the latest updates to our navigation technology, we set one adventurous balloon the mission of travelling to Peru from our launch site in Puerto Rico, and then staying in the region for as long as possible. After 12 days in transit, the balloon was able to spend most of its time in the stratosphere 20km over the areas around Chimbote, Peru, making dozens of altitude adjustments each day to find the right winds that could keep it within range,” the post reads. When wind patterns couldn’t be found, the balloon was able to figure out its second best option, like drifting out over the Pacific Ocean and subsequently taking advantage of other easterly winds that would drift it back into position. “In total, the balloon managed to spend 14 weeks in Peruvian airspace, which required making nearly 20,000 separate altitude adjustments during its flight,” the Loon team says. That’s quite impressive indeed; apparently, for these guys, not even the sky is the limit. Guides Google View THe Guide Alphabet View THe Guide project loon View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Tougher Comps For Alphabet Could Be Offset By New Google Ad Initiatives R. Chandrasekaran , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} September 26, 2016 1:47pm   Comments Share: Related GOOG Goldman Sees Google Cloud Market Share Up 6.5x In 4 Years Facebook's $162 Price Target Reaffirmed By Goldman Following Miscalculations Playing Defense Under Trump (Seeking Alpha) Related GOOGL Goldman Sees Google Cloud Market Share Up 6.5x In 4 Years Facebook's $162 Price Target Reaffirmed By Goldman Following Miscalculations Playing Defense Under Trump (Seeking Alpha) Bank of America Merrill Lynch isn't worried about the early response to Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL)'s new ad formats for Google, as long as the overall trend remained solid. The firm believes this would compensate the tougher comparisons that the search engine has to encounter. Analysts Justin Post and Ryan Goodman comments came on the heels of the company re-highlighting a tougher comparison in the second half of the current year as investors expectations remain higher. They have modeled revenue to grow 25 percent and 21 percent in the third and fourth quarters, respectively, that excluded forex impact. The growth rate would be lower than the 28 percent year-over-year uptick achieved in the second quarter. Related Link: Google Is 'The Only Potential Acquirer' Of Twitter As Social Media Boom Nears End In a note, the brokerage pointed out, "Google is constantly adjusted ad formats, tools, algorithms, etc., but three key ad format changes could potentially help offset the tougher 2H y/y comp. First is expanded Text Ads (FTA), second is the addition of a 4th mobile ad link, and third is a local ads in Google Maps." While expecting map ads to be launched in the fourth quarter of the current year, Bank of America said the other two ad formats are available readily. The firm pointed out that its ad checks indicated a "stable to slight deceleration in y/y growth in 3Q vs 2Q". However, this is better than the brokerage and the Street estimates. The analyst thinks the concerns on comparisons should dispel in the upcoming quarters. Therefore, the brokerage maintained its Buy rating with a target price of $960 on shares, implying nearly 20 percent upside potentials. Latest Ratings for GOOG Date Firm Action From To Jul 2016 JP Morgan Maintains Overweight Apr 2016 Deutsche Bank Maintains Buy Feb 2016 Deutsche Bank Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for GOOG View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Bank of America Google Justin PostAnalyst Color Reiteration Analyst Ratings Tech General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (GOOG + GOOGL) Goldman Sees Google Cloud Market Share Up 6.5x In 4 Years Facebook's $162 Price Target Reaffirmed By Goldman Following Miscalculations Amazon's AWS Is 10 Years Old: A Look Backward And Forward Leveraging An Already Hot ETF Trade Some Of The Most Notable Changes This 13F Season Pro: Tech Investors Looking To Rebuy Following Post-Election Selloff View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on GOOG Trending Recent 1 CBDS, APHQF: 5 Best Marijuana Stocks Of 2016 2 SINO, DRYS: 3 Legitimate Catalysts Driving The Illegitimate Rally In Sh... 3 BBY, ANW: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 4 DRYS, TOPS: What Is The Baltic Dry Shipping Index And... 5 MBLY, TSLA: Mobileye Could Collapse By Next... 6 DRYS, ESEA: DryShips Announces Of... 7 GSL, DAC: Dry Bulk Ship... 1 EXC: Exelon Has Room For ROE Expansion, According To Morgan Stanley 2 CRM, MRVL: The Market In 5 Minutes: Salesforce Has Strong Quarter, Tesla-SolarC... 3 FSLR: Sell First Solar: UBS Says Cash Burn Will Continue Into 2018 4 MRVL, HAIN: Benzinga's Top Upgrades 5 HAIN: Hain Celestial Emerges From Cloud Of Accounting Un... 6 SPHB, SPLV: A New ETF Off To A Blistering Start 7 BCS, USO: Here's The Difference Betwe... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Technical Alert: Wells Fargo Breaches Major Support Level Technical Alert: Nike Breaches Lower-End Of 12 Day Trading Range
X ALL SECTIONS HOME BUSINESS NATIONAL POLITICS ASEAN+ OPINION LIFE TECH TRAVEL SPORTS SUNDAY Trump Presidency Stock watch Video Photo Nation Junior E-paper ANN Subscribe Phuket Gazette Facebook Epaper SMS RSS HOME business Macroeconomics Stock tips Auto Property G2G deals in Q4 to boost rice exports  by   PETCHANET PRATRUANGKRAI THE NATION Nov 17,2016 18:34 Online Korea TV shows provider ‘violated Copyright Act’ by  PETCHANET PRATRUANGKRAI, WATCHIRANONT THONGTEP THE NATION Nov 17,2016 18:37 Trend of disruptive technologies to affect daily lives increasingly by KWANCHAI RUNGFAPAISARN THE NATION Nov 16,2016 18:15 Broadband connectivity key to wide-ranging progress in Asia-Pacific, says ITU by USANEE MONGKOLPORN THE NATION Nov 16,2016 18:19 Media by SCB Securities Sep 22,2016 15:36 Food by SCB Securities Sep 20,2016 18:36 Workpoint Entertainment by Kasikorn Securities Sep 20,2016 18:43 CP All by SCB Securities Sep 20,2016 18:39 Big injection seen as 1st-car scheme ends by THE NATION Oct 31,2016 19:01 Nissan appoints Barthes as president for Thailand by Oct 30,2016 18:34 SEVEN COMPANIES PICKED TO PRODUCE POWER OUT |OF INDUSTRIAL WASTE by Oct 30,2016 18:39 Nissan's Ghosn to head Mitsubishi Motors: report by Agence France-Presse Oct 19,2016 15:27 New Takeoffs by The Nation Nov 17,2016 18:26 Top developers buck trends, post good revenue by   SOMLUCK SRIMALEE THE NATION Nov 17,2016 18:47 Co-working spaces proving to be popular with small businesses by THE NATION Nov 17,2016 18:51 Vietnam’s city Da Nang to adjust its master plan by   VIET NAM NEWS ASIA NEWS NETWORK DA NANG, VIETNAM Nov 17,2016 18:53 national politics ASEAN+ Asean Plus Where to go? life Eateries Vietnam extends runway on island claimed by China: monitor by Agence France-Presse Nov 18,2016 18:24 Marcos laid to rest in ‘sneaky’ rites at Libingan ng mga Bayani by Tarra Quismundo Philippine Daily Inquirer Asia News Network Nov 18,2016 13:38 Malaysians to rally against prime minister, demand resignation by Deutsche Presse Agentur Nov 18,2016 13:06 No, I did not marry a snake, says firefighter by DINA MURAD The Star Asia News Network PETALING JAYA Nov 18,2016 08:59 Flying high to Hanoi by The Nation Nov 01,2016 17:30 Island of the gods by Urisara Kowitdamrong The Nation South Korea Oct 25,2016 22:09 Bhutan sees a drop in tourist arrivals by Kuensel Asia News Network THIMPHU, Bhutan Sep 28,2016 17:24 Indonesia envisions Bali as gastronomy tourism destination by The Jakarta Post Asia News Network JAKARTA Sep 28,2016 13:39 Reflections on an Asian world by Huang Lijie The Straits Times Asia News Network Oct 28,2016 20:13 Music for His Majesty by Kitchana Lersakvanitchakul THE NATION Oct 28,2016 16:07 Apple introduces MacBook with touch screen functions by Deutsche Presse Agentur Oct 28,2016 07:52 Lotus cuisine, food for the soul by Hà Nguyen Vietnam News HANOI Sep 28,2016 17:32 ASEAN foods whet appetites at culinary festival by Korea Herald Asia News Network Nov 08,2016 09:35 Michelin names two 3-star eateries in first Seoul guide by Nov 07,2016 16:00 Stars for the STOMACH by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Oct 27,2016 12:15 Where to eat in the Kingdom by SPECIAL TO THE NATION SINGAPORE Oct 27,2016 12:20 opinion Today's editorial Letters to editor Trump and the granting of reckless wishes by The Nation Nov 17,2016 18:05 When tough guys finish first by The Nation Nov 16,2016 18:03 A moment when all seemed possible by The Nation Nov 15,2016 17:59 In Myanmar, a shocking setback for democracy by The Nation Nov 14,2016 18:12 City Hall has shredded its own reputation by Nov 17,2016 18:09 Trump was stupid, but not racist or misogynistic  by Nov 17,2016 18:10 Thai farmers being thrown to wolves of the market  by Nov 17,2016 18:12 Open letter to Myanmar leaders on abuse of media freedom by Nov 16,2016 18:07 life Arts & culture Music Box office Eat in / eat out Jinyang Palace of Sui Dynasty found in Shanxi by China Daily Asia News Network China Nov 18,2016 09:17 Four days in ‘THE FIELDS’ by THE NATION Nov 17,2016 15:11 Celebrity chefs swap kitchen delights by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Nov 17,2016 15:30 Button up your overcoat by THE NATION Nov 16,2016 16:46 Back from hiatus, Metallica still angry by Agence France-Presse Nov 17,2016 07:10 Bieber tops MTV Europe awards, as Beyonce snubbed by Agence France-Presse Nov 07,2016 09:18 Four Stars are born Asia-wide contest by THE NATION Oct 20,2016 20:06 Bryan Adams and Blue Man show postponed by The Nation Oct 18,2016 13:13 DISNEY takes a tiki turn by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION SINGAPORE Nov 17,2016 15:43 In celebration of ‘Mexicanidad’ by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Nov 10,2016 14:38 The other face of Asean by The Nation Nov 10,2016 14:41 Odyssey into the UNKNOWN by The Nation Nov 03,2016 15:56 Stars for the STOMACH by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Oct 27,2016 12:15 Where to eat in the Kingdom by SPECIAL TO THE NATION SINGAPORE Oct 27,2016 12:20 Curry with a healthy twist by THE NATION Aug 26,2016 16:41 Fabulous food, wonderful wines by Manta Klangboonkrong THE NATI Jul 06,2016 16:29 TECH travel Check in Around Thailand Getaways Travel news Bedding down in The Bund by Phoowadon Duangmee The Nation Shanghai, China Nov 01,2016 17:12 Basking in sea of opulence by PATCHAREE LUENGUTHAI SPECIAL TO THE NATION VIETNAM Oct 25,2016 21:58 Sun, sea and stunning views by Chusri Ngamprasert The Nation Sep 27,2016 23:24 Paws for thought by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG TH Sep 06,2016 21:48 Blasts from the past by THE NATION Nov 15,2016 20:50 Delicious dining in the air by THE NATION Nov 08,2016 21:58 Flying high to Hanoi by The Nation Nov 01,2016 17:30 The Victory Monument was built to celebrate Thailand's victory, in 1941, in a war against which European nation? by Travel quiz Nov 01,2016 10:55 Busy Days, Blissful Nights by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Nov 08,2016 21:49 Winter with a wow factor by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Nov 01,2016 17:23 Bliss by the beach by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Oct 11,2016 20:35 Getting high in the low season by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE Sep 06,2016 22:03 Hue to reopen exhibit of Champa antiques by VIET NAM NEWS/asian news networks Nov 04,2016 11:31 TAT updates for the general public wishing to pay their respects to His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej by Tourism Authority of Thailand Oct 27,2016 16:19 THAI implemented a rescheduling/rerouting fee waiver by Thai Airways Oct 25,2016 10:39 Recommendations regarding Mourning Period for His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej by Tourism Authority of Thailand Oct 21,2016 15:07 sports sunday Trump Presidency Stock watch Video Photo Nation Junior E-paper ANN Subscribe Phuket Gazette Friday, November 18, 2016 BUSINESS INVESTMENT & FINANCE Thailand mulls tightening of tax collection for Internet, tech firms September 27, 2016 01:00 By REUTERS THAILAND is studying plans to toughen tax collection rules for Internet and technology firms like Alphabet Inc’s Google, the head of the Revenue Department said, as the tax affairs of these firms comes under growing scrutiny in Southeast Asia. The plans would also cover the mobile transfers and internet payment sector, Prasong Poontaneat, director general of Thailand’s Revenue Department, told Reuters. Thailand is focused on changing existing regulations, Prasong said, adding that a working committee had been set up to find solutions on tax collection for companies such as Google and other technology firms. “We are studying this issue and have set up a committee to look into this over the past two months,” Prasong said . “The idea is to seek appropriate solutions for Thailand and it could involve an amendment in some regulations because current laws are outdated and have been used for more than 50 years,” said Prasong, adding that he expects the committee to come up with solutions by the end of this year. Reuters telephoned and e-mailed Google Thailand for comment, but there was no immediate reply. Google Asia Pacific’s spokesman did not immediately respond to an email and a phone call seeking comment. Indonesia is pursuing Alphabet Inc’s Google for five years of back taxes, and the US search giant could face a bill of more than $400 million for 2015 alone if it is found to have avoided payments, a senior tax official told Reuters last week. Singapore’s low tax regime and its generous tax incentive programs make it a big draw for multinationals like Apple Inc, Microsoft Corp to Google, and also from other sectors, to employ regional teams there.  They justify booking large revenue and profits in Singapore as they usually run main business functions such as finance and operations, hold intellectual property rights there or base regional executives in the city state. Singapore’s finance ministry said in an emailed statement last week that “profits should be taxed where activities giving rise to the profits are performed and where value is created” and that it does not condone the “artificial shifting of profits”. American business groups in the region warned that the tax crackdown risks slowing planned investments by multinationals. Investment worth millions of dollars could become stalled due to disputes with the country’s tax office, which has taken an “aggressive” approach, Lin Neumann, managing director of the American Chamber of Commerce in Indonesia, said. “There has just been a feeling for some time among big taxpayers that they are like the low-hanging fruits because they are in the system,” Neumann said, noting that many multinational companies are accountable to public shareholders. The Financial Times reported on Saturday that four UK fund houses – Legal & General Investment Management, the Local Authority Pension Fund Forum, Royal London Asset Management and Sarasin Partners – had written to the board of Alphabet to raise concerns about its tax arrangements. In December last year, Australia’s tax office published the tax rates of every company with annual earnings over A$100 million (Bt2.6 billion) , a move it said it would repeat annually in the hope of pressuring entities with “overly aggressive” tax structures. Apple Inc paid A$74 million tax on its A$247 million taxable income, in line with the country’s 30 percent tax rate but a small fraction of the total A$6.1 billion it made in the country that year. Google paid A$9 million tax on A$91 million in taxable income, a third of the company tax rate and dwarfed by the A$357 million it made in the country. The Australian government has since passed laws requiring consumers to pay a goods and services tax on all online purchases – not just online purchases from Australian retailers – from next year.   Tags Tax Most Viewed TODAY LAST 7 Days LAST 30 Days Shopping portal a win-win for car buyers and dealers... TWO FORMER Stanford Graduate School of B... business Nov 17,2016 01:00 Singapore to launch blockchain project for interbank payments... THE MONETARY Authority of Singapore (MAS... business Nov 17,2016 01:00 NBTC helps Bhutan with spectrum management... BHUTAN WANTS to learn from Thailand’s ... business Nov 17,2016 01:00 Trend of disruptive technologies to affect daily lives increasingly... BUSINESS needs to adapt to confront and ... business Nov 17,2016 01:00 Amendment to help suppress pirated films... WEBSITES offering pirated movies and son... business Nov 17,2016 01:00 PTTEP stresses innovative technology at world meet... PTT Exploration and Production (PTTEP) y... business Nov 15,2016 01:00 Passengers flying into and out of Thailand must pay new Bt15 surcharge... PASSENGERS travelling in and out Thailan... business Nov 15,2016 01:00 Ambitious Alibaba breaks new ground in online shopping... ALIBABA is bringing the world to the fut... business Nov 14,2016 01:00 StockRadars’ local developer gets second broker partner... SIAMSQUARED Technologies (Thailand), the... business Nov 16,2016 01:00 Sipa projects solid growth in Thai digital content market ... THE DIGITAL-content market in Thailand i... business Nov 16,2016 01:00 Bad experience inspires website for car deals... SIRIPORN CHAOWONGLERT, co-founder and ch... business Oct 19,2016 11:10 Nissan's Ghosn to head Mitsubishi Motors: report... TOKYO - Nissan chief Carlos Ghosn will b... business Oct 19,2016 03:27 Big injection seen as 1st-car scheme ends... THE CLOSURE of the first-car buyer schem... business Nov 01,2016 01:00 Nissan appoints Barthes as president for Thailand... NISSAN has announced the appointment of ... business Oct 31,2016 01:00 SEVEN COMPANIES PICKED TO PRODUCE POWER OUT |OF INDUSTRIAL WASTE... Seven companies have been selected to pr... business Oct 31,2016 01:00 Join with us Home BUSINESS NATIONAL POLITICS ASEAN+ OPINION LIFE TECH TRAVEL SPORTS SUNDAY Contact 1858/129 Floor 32 Bangna-Trat Road, Bangna, Bangkok 10260 Thailand. Tel 66-2-338-3000(Call Center), 66-2-338-3333, Fax 66-2-338-3334 call-center-department@nationgroup.com Advertise with us © Copyright 2015 by Nation Advertisement ×Close
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Google's Self-driving Car Involved In A Worst Crash Posted: Sep 26 2016, 12:02pm CDT | by M. Affan, in News | Cars & Vehicles   Katie Marzullo Twitter Google’s Self-Driving Car became the Victim in a Car Crash   Reckless driver crashed in to Google’s Self-Driving car. Various Google’s Self-Driving cars are working in multiple cities around the globe. The cars are making sure that secure and efficient cabbing service and carpooling service is provided to the customers who make use of it. How To: Find Nintendo NES Classic In Stock Recently a Google’s Self-Driving car got in to a car crash. The very important thing to notice here is that the crash did not occur due to the Google’s Self-Driving car. The other car which collided with it was being driven rashly by the driver.  Though most of the people expected these Google cars to fail some point n terns of security. It looks like the human error got the top position in this case. A careless human driver posed threat to the Google’s Self-Driving car simply making it safer to drive and ride. The car which collided with Google’s car was a Lexus SUV which ran into the side of it at a Mountain View intersection.  Fortunately the driver of Lexus and the google observer in Self Driving car behind the wheel both remained safe in the accident. The safety air bags of Google’s car opened in the right time ensuring that the observer remains in the safest position, according to Engadget.  #SelfDriving Google car involved in crash in #MountainView. #Google tells us the other vehicle ran a red light. Photo by @grommet. pic.twitter.com/Wwu5MYGPDJ— Katie Marzullo (@KatieABC7) September 24, 2016 This was one of the worst accidents that involved a Google’s Self-Driving car. The previous ones included hitting cars driven by human at the backside of robotic car due to its slow speed or sudden brakes. It is being assumed that Google will make an official statement about the incident. We are hoping that more details of this accident will be provided to us in the report. If we look closely there are certain things that are need to be fixed and updated before the Self driving cars from any company go on the roads.  You May Like The Author M. Affan M. Affan covers the hottest news that captivate the web today.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News McLaren Working on a Three-Seat F1-Inspired Hyper-GT 2 hours ago Hyundai Introduces new Autonomous IONIQ Concept at LA Motor Show 3 hours ago 2017 Volkswagen E-Golf Debuts at LA Auto Show 3 hours ago Jaguar XKSS Makes World Debut in LA 22 hours ago, 10:11am CST Acura Precision Cockpit Concept Unveiled at the 2016 LA Auto Show 22 hours ago, 10:04am CST Victoria’s Secret Angel Elsa Hosk Reveals Secret to Body Confidence 5 minutes ago Colbert: The New Apple Book Delivers Something Truly Extraordinary 6 minutes ago The North Pole is 36 Degrees Warmer Than Normal 18 minutes ago Victoria's Secret Black Friday 2016 Deals and Tote Announced 31 minutes ago Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt Reveals Her Hard Workout Routine 1 hour ago Top Black Friday Microsoft Xbox One S and Sony PS4 Deals 1 hour ago Tesla's Solar Roof to be Cheaper than Regular Roof Even without Energy Factor Says Musk 2 hours ago Scientists Hacked Photosynthesis to Boost Crop Yields 2 hours ago NES Classic In Stock at Walmart at 5pm Last Time 2 hours ago Xbox Store Black Friday Game Deals Announced 3 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Featured News Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Announced Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Cars & Vehicles McLaren Working on a Three-Seat F1-Inspired Hyper-GT 2 hours ago Hyundai Introduces new Autonomous IONIQ Concept at LA Motor Show 3 hours ago 2017 Volkswagen E-Golf Debuts at LA Auto Show 3 hours ago Jaguar XKSS Makes World Debut in LA 22 hours ago, 10:11am CST More Cars &amp; Vehicles Stories Latest News Victoria’s Secret Angel Elsa Hosk Reveals Secret to Body Confidence 5 minutes ago Colbert: The New Apple Book Delivers Something Truly Extraordinary 6 minutes ago The North Pole is 36 Degrees Warmer Than Normal 18 minutes ago Victoria's Secret Black Friday 2016 Deals and Tote Announced 31 minutes ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google's 4K Chromecast Ultra breaks cover ahead of October 4 event, ditches Chrome logo Google's hardware division is ready to take the stage on Oct. 4. By Jake Smith for iGeneration | September 26, 2016 -- 17:21 GMT (10:21 PDT) | Topic: Developer Image: Evan Blass / VentureBeat Renders of what is believed to be Google's upcoming Chromecast Ultra, which is capable of streaming in 4K resolution for the influx of 4K televisions on the market, leaked on Monday, courtesy of VentureBeat. Google CEO Pichai says devices will fade away - but launches new hardware division Google CEO Sundar Pichai sees the world moving from a mobile first to artificial intelligence first. Read More The renders show a similar Chromecast device to what was announced in 2015. However, the hardware is beefed up -- likely for the added resolution. Additionally, the Chrome logo that was shown on Google's budget streaming device in the past is now absent and replaced by a subtle "G". Google is remaining quiet on Chromecast Ultra specifics. Android Police reports it will be available for $69 when announced at Google's Oct. 4 media event. The Ultra Chromecast model is expected to sell alongside the second-generation Chromecast that streams in 1080p for $35. VentureBeat reports the Chromecast Ultra will feature firmware version 1.21 when it's available. The 1.21 firmware was released to developers earlier this month as part of the Chromecast Preview program that removed all Chrome branding. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Enterprise Software The Linux Foundation changes its events' branding Artificial Intelligence Google Translate: 'This landmark update is our biggest single leap in 10 years' Enterprise Software Open source in government IT: It is about savings but that's not the whole story Developer Microsoft delivers test builds of Visual Studio for Mac, Visual Studio 2017 for Windows × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Paris dazzled in the 1920s as a melting pot of celebrities Mock assassination of Trump stirs controversy at San Antonio Outdoors: Calendar, Nov. 18 Rohm, who started printing business in the 1980s, also mentored Local News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace Mock assassination of Trump stirs controversy at San Antonio Rohm, who started printing business in the 1980s, also mentored SAPD: Two Crip gang members arrested, one at large after shooting Police: UTSA student, 18, arrested after refilling cup without US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Sen. Sessions, Rep. Pompeo picked by Trump for top jobs Museum as shoeseum: What our footwear says about our souls Dying UK girl convinces judge to let her body be frozen Police: Son of Rep. John Conyers found safe in Houston Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases CST shareholders approve merger with Circle K parent company Tesoro now 5th-largest U.S. refiner with Western Refining Tesoro buys Western Refining for $4.1 billion NRP Group will build first apartment complex at Lone Star Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Outdoors: Calendar, Nov. 18 Basketball: Thursday’s high school results Texas A&M, Miami nearing deal on future home-and-home series Ticket prices near all-time high to see Spurs retire Duncan's Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Signature by Andrew Weissman names chef, general manager New distillery opens in San Antonio Pub Crawl: Ringer fit for a Dude Just a Taste: A smokescreen at Buck’s BBQ Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2016 Halloween Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Destinations Brass Monkey spins beats, booze for ThurzGayz anniversary San Antonio holidays will be full of celebrations, events, Paris dazzled in the 1920s as a melting pot of celebrities Review: 'The Other Mozart' intrigues at Tobin Center Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Home Decorating Trends & Style Beauty and Fitness Tips Better Living Tips Gift Ideas Pets Green Living Christmas celebrated all around Texas Unique Alamo Heights cottage is for the birds San Antonians mourn loss of Phantom Room to fire on social media Fewer U.S. parents are spanking their kids Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Your Turn: Nov. 18 Not so sure about upper deck on I-35 SBOE should reject offensive Mexican American studies book Facebook degrades the national conversation Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Hyundai’s compact Elantra sedan updated for 2017 with new Jeep introduces a 4WD Overland version for the 2016 Cherokee New Ram Power Wagon arrives late this year as a 2017 model, with Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features DIVIDED AMERICA: Easy retirement? Only for a privileged few US home construction jumped by largest amount in 34 years Trump's future role looms over Asia-Pacific summit in Peru Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Kitchen, Bed and Bath Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio Open houses in the San Antonio area this weekend Ranches for sale in Texas you can afford Sitterle New Homes ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/lifestyle/article/Digital-Dish-Did-somebody-say-new-Google-9286938.php Digital Dish: Did somebody say new Google smartphones? Published 12:06 pm, Monday, September 26, 2016 Photo: Screenshot / Screenshot Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 A taste of #MondayMotivation on Twitter, courtesy the University of Texas at San Antonio. A taste of #MondayMotivation on Twitter, courtesy the University of Texas at San Antonio. Photo: Screenshot / Screenshot Digital Dish: Did somebody say new Google smartphones? 1 / 1 Back to Gallery A taste of social media: #MondayMotivation: Nothing like a rainy Monday morning to start your week, chased with a much-ballyhooed first presidential debate to bring it home in head-shaking style. No matter where you fall on the weather or political spectrum, we all can hold this one truth to be self-evident: Mondays suck, especially when they feel like they carry on into Tuesday. With that, here’s some #MondayMotivation tweeted from the San Antonio area to shake the blahs no matter what your day planner says. Be true to yourself and happiness will follow. #MondayMotivation — Elizabeth Poff, @efpoff Don’t ignore all the signs you asked God to show you #MondayMotivation — Dale Delrosario, @DaleVDelrosario “Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.”- Sam Levenson #MondayMotivation — Corner Store, @CornerStore4U Define it, declare it, devote to it. #MondayMotivation — Confetti Social, @confettisocial Most Popular 1 28-year-old died of asphyxia after falling 20 feet in vehicle... 2 Husband suspected in death of Stone Oak kindergarten teacher... 3 Police: UTSA student, 18, arrested after refilling cup without... Hello, new Google smartphones?: Mark your calendars, Google hardware cravers. Oct. 4, Google is expected to announce new smartphones. A clever but cryptic YouTube video teases what’s to come, which you can get email notification about via the clever but cryptic website, madeby.google.com. As The Verge said, reports suggest Google will drop the Nexus name in favor of its “G” logo on the upcoming devices, which Android Police said will be two new smartphones built by HTC — a 5-inch model rumored to be called the Pixel X, and a 5.5-inch model called the Pixel XL. Oh, and Android Central said the devices should carry a special version of the Android Nougat operating system. Beyond that, all should be revealed early next month. Survey: Nearly 8 out of 10 ad-blocking users feel guilty for blocking ads: Gladly, makers of the Goodblock ad blocker, randomly surveyed more than 240 of its users about their behavior and attitude toward online advertising. The key takeaway: A good 77 percent of them feel bad about blocking ads. It’s not that they hate online ads outright, just those online ads that outright annoy them. Around half surveyed said they downloaded an ad blocker because a few sites had particularly annoying ads, while only 16 percent said they hate all ads and never want to see any. “The majority of ad-blocking users are aware that their decision to remove ads has negative consequences for the content they support,” Gladly said, “so they will opt back into ads to help the content creators they care about.” Goodblock allows users to opt-in to “a few enjoyable ads each day,” and if they do those ads raise money for charity. So in essence Goodblock users pay it forward by paying attention to a select ad or ads. Still, the Gladly findings show the ad-user experience comes down to simple civil discourse. Nix the obnoxious and intrusive ads, and users should give those subtler ads a pass. Twitter relaxes its 140-character limit yet keeps it, too: In the interest of tweet talk, let’s keep this last item short. Now Twitter won’t count your images, links and other media toward your 140-character limit. That covers videos and GIFs as well as polls and Quote Tweets. Yay, freedom with familiar limits! René A. Guzman Duncan Jersey Retirement Ceremony Ticket prices soar to see Duncan again at AT&T Memes: Spurs fans react to Duncan jersey retirement Duncan stars in second batch of H-E-B commercials The Latest Emergency room wait times at hospitals around S.A. TV actress dies at 52 after battle with depression World's biggest airplane lands at Bush airport UTSA student faces life in prison for alleged soda theft, scuffle Former Janis Joplin hangout on the market in Texas 2020 presidential candidates, ranked by Vegas odds Husband suspected in death of Stone Oak kindergarten teacher Toys "R" Us Black Friday 2016 ad circular released SAPD: Crip gang members arrested, one loose after shooting 35 things to do in San Antonio this weekend Selena's love story inspires TV series Big shows coming to San Antonio Inside the Obamas' first home after the White House What Trump could mean for White House style The 10 best Michelle Obama memes Strait takes it easy at secret S.A.-area show George Strait plays show for Texas royalty Facts that'll make you fall in love with Gruene Hall Playboy Playmates sue S.A. strip club over racy ads Playboy Playmate charged for naked body-shaming photo Celebrities who posed for Playboy Recent Breaking News CPS Energy demolishes 62-year-old Tuttle power plant Prosecutors say guard beat Bexar jail inmate severely Leon Valley police officer hospitalized after vehicle is... Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Sta-Bil 32-oz. Fuel Stabilizer for $9 + pickup at Walmart WalmartPosted 1 hr 40 min ago SHOP NOW Dick's Sporting Goods Black Friday Now Sale: Up to 65% off +... Dick's Sporting GoodsPosted 23 hr 29 min ago SHOP NOW Xbox One S 500GB Console Bundle for $299 + free shipping WalmartPosted 1 day 16 hr ago SHOP NOW ProScan 32" 720p LED LCD HDTV for $98 + free shipping WalmartPosted 6 hr 28 min ago Most Popular 1 28-year-old died of asphyxia after falling 20 feet in vehicle... 2 Husband suspected in death of Stone Oak kindergarten teacher... 3 Police: UTSA student, 18, arrested after refilling cup without... 4 Mock assassination of Trump stirs controversy at San Antonio... 5 3 Playboy playmates sue San Antonio strip club over racy ads 6 Best fan photos from George Strait's secret Gruene Hall concert 7 St. Anthony standout banned from playing high school basketball View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Google self-driving car involved in collision Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Legal pot can get you fired Bay Area’s Best Sports Traditions Rain on the way 16th Tech Awards Aldon Smith waits on NFL Free state parks admission News Mountain View: Google self-driving car involved in collision Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) FILE – In this May 13, 2014 file photo, a Google self-driving car goes on a test drive near the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, Calif. AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File) By Mark Gomez | mgomez@bayareanewsgroup.com PUBLISHED: September 26, 2016 at 10:04 am | UPDATED: September 27, 2016 at 8:38 am var _ndnq = _ndnq || []; _ndnq.push([’embed’]); MOUNTAIN VIEW — A Google self-driving Lexus SUV was involved in a collision Friday afternoon, according to police. The collision was reported Friday at 1:30 p.m. at the intersection of El Camino Real and Calderon Avenue, according to Mountain View police spokeswoman Katie Nelson. The passenger side of the Google car was dented in the collision. A Google spokesperson said the vehicle was traveling northbound on Phyllis Avenue in Mountain View “when a car heading westbound on El Camino Real ran a red light and collided with the right side of our vehicle. Our light was green for at least six seconds before our car entered the intersection.” Initially there were no reports of injuries, but the man inside the Google car took himself to the hospital to “get checked out for neck pain,” Nelson said. The cause of the crash remains under investigation, although Google has reported the other driver was at fault, Nelson said. Mountain View police typically take between seven to 10 days to complete a traffic collision investigation.     Tags:  Google Mark Gomez Mark Gomez has worked for the Mercury News since 1992, including the past ten years as a reporter on the breaking news/public safety team. He is a South Bay native and graduate of San Jose State University. Follow Mark Gomez @markmgomez Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Marijuana may be legal in California, but it can still get you fired San Jose police investigate Evergreen homicide; 45th of the year Disneyland upgrades: Star Wars, Guardians coming soon Los Gatos: Angry residents storm out of water meeting Kawakami: Why Patrick McCaw is a big piece of the Warriors’ present… and future Raiders’ Aldon Smith now eligible for reinstatement Kanye West ‘would have voted for Trump’ SCU students walk out in solidarity with undocumented immigrants More in News Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs after emissions scandal November 18, 2016, 5:29 am Volkswagen announced plans Friday to cut 30,000 jobs in a wide-ranging restructuring of its namesake brand as it tries to recover from a scandal over cars rigged to cheat on diesel emissions tests. Roadshow: ‘Smart’ highway traffic stalls on Interstate 80 November 18, 2016, 5:10 am Officials unclear on why traffic is up 5 percent to 10 percent in the Berkeley-Richmond area. San Bruno police: East Bay man used table leg to rob mall store November 18, 2016, 5:15 am A 49-year-old Pittsburg man was arrested Wednesday on suspicion of using a table leg to rob a store, according to San Bruno police. San Bruno man gets 5 years for driving car at deputy, high-speed chase November 18, 2016, 5:16 am A 24-year-old San Bruno parolee was sentenced Thursday to more than five years in state prison for driving his car at a San Mateo County sheriff’s deputy and leading authorities on a high-speed pursuit, according to prosecutors. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2016 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish 4K Chromecast May Not Feature Chrome Logo By Adnan Farooqui on 09/26/2016 10:04 PST The Chromecast dongle has always featured the Chrome logo ever since it was released a couple of years ago. Google is now expected to launch a new Chromecast dongle at its event on October 4th and according to a new report, the new Chromecast may not feature a Chrome logo. This new dongle is reportedly going to be called Chromecast Ultra and one of its biggest features is said to be the ability to stream content in 4K UHD. VentureBeat today shared an image of what it claims to be the new Chromecast from Google. The image clearly shows that the Chromecast Ultra only has a “G” logo which denotes that it’s a Google product. There’s no other logo on this device, certainly not a Chrome logo. The “G” is meant to signify that this device has been “Made by Google.” This is actually believed to be the entire theme of this upcoming event where Google is also expected to show off its new smartphones. Previous reports claim that the Chromecast Ultra is going to cost $69 which is almost double of what the existing Chromecast costs. However, Google may justify the price by listing its abilities which include 4K support. Google has confirmed the October 4th event but hasn’t said what it plans on showing off on that day. Rumor has it that we will be treated to two new smartphones, the Google Home speaker, Chromecast Ultra, a new Wi-Fi router, and maybe more. Filed in Gadgets. Read more about chromecast and Google. Related Articles 2016-10-04 Google’s Chromecast Ultra Announced With Support For 4K 2016-09-23 Google Home & Chromecast Ultra Potential Prices Revealed 2016-07-31 Google's Chromecast Is A Massive Hit With 30 Million Units Sold 2016-07-10 Tidal Chromecast Support Is Finally Here 2016-07-06 Google Is Integrating Chromecast Support Into Chrome 2016-05-30 Google Offering Free Chromecast To YouTube Red Subscribers LG’s Ultrafines Are Apple’s New Standalone Displays The Fidget Cube Is The Ultimate Toy For Those Who Can’t Sit Still Headphone Companies Not Fussed About iPhone Headphone Jack Removal LG & Samsung Will Reportedly Start Phasing Out 3D TVs New Lithium Battery Can Store Five Times The Energy Of Current Batteries World’s Biggest SSD Launched With 13TB Of Storage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Movies & TV Science & Tech Big on the Internet Store Videos Comics Space Gaming Contributors About TMS Merch Search Menu Why Are There So Many Actual Fascists in the Warhammer 40K Fandom? The Art of DC Comics Bombshells Proves That 'Sexy' and 'Powerful' Aren't Mutually Exclusive Finding Dory Honest Trailer Proves Your Emotions Aren't Immune to Sequel-itis Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events Trailer No, Jennifer Lawrence, I Will Not Hug My Racist Neighbors for the Sake of 'Unity' Are Snapchat’s New “Spectacles” Going to Make Surveillance Cool, At Last? by Maddy Myers | 1:05 pm, September 26th, 2016   Snapchat’s latest concept will remind you of Google Glass, but that’s the last thing they want. It’s a pair of sunglasses with a tiny camera embedded in the frames, and by tapping the top of the glasses, the wearer can record a 10-second video clip. They’re called “Spectacles,” they’re $130, and as the commercial above demonstrates, Snapchat really wants you to think this idea is cool and fun and safe. Snapchat will have a lot of hurdles to overcome in this area. There are any number of reasons we could cite as to why Google Glass didn’t succeed as a product, but here’s the most obvious reason: the glasses struck many people as “creepy”, which led many bars and businesses to outright ban customers from wearing them inside … even though none of those business owners seemed to have any trouble with smartphone cameras. There’s just something about hidden-camera glasses that rubs people the wrong way. All this in spite of the fact that it’s relatively difficult to take a photo or video with Google Glass! In its original iteration, the Google Glass required the wearer to say “OK Glass” out loud before capturing any video, which meant that it was actually more obvious when someone was about to use that feature than it would be on a typical smartphone–which can be used to take “creepshots” without any onlooker knowing, to this day, with ease. Snapchat’s Spectacles don’t require the wearer to say anything out loud, so you can take 10-second videos without anyone knowing. Also, unlike Google Glass, the sunglasses look a little more like “normal” sunglasses, as opposed to an eye-catching piece of futuristic tech. So the wearer can blend in a bit better… which might not be a good thing, if Snapchat is worried about coming across as “creepy” and getting associated with predatory behavior. Not all of the Snapchat Spectacles are the same color of eye-catching teal as displayed in this commercial–although in my neck of the woods, wearing a big pair of teal sunglasses would still blend in with the crowd, since I live near a lot of younger people who wear big, flashy shades. Anyway, the Spectacles also come in other colors as well, such as black and coral. Snap CEO Evan Spiegel wore a pair of clear-and-tortoise-shell Spectacles in a photo-shoot for the Wall Street Journal, suggesting that more colors and styles must be in the pipeline. In some ways, the Spectacles can blend in with other sunglasses, but in other ways, they do still seem obvious, since the camera placement isn’t exactly hidden and the glasses do have a very distinctive look and shape. Google Glass went the other direction by not trying to hide in a pair of “normal” glasses, and one could argue that was their downfall; Glass ended up getting seen as “creepy” in spite of their attempts not to hide the tech. I’ve already seen a lot of headlines declaring that Snapchat is successfully making these glasses look “cool” in comparison (and the commercial does look cute and fun, to be sure). As a brand, Snapchat definitely has the “coolness” factor that Google lacked. But even that might not be enough to overcome the psychological hurdle of a person wearing a hidden camera on their face. Why is it more creepy for someone to wear a hidden camera inside a set of glasses, than it is for them to have an equally unnoticeable camera on their phone? It’s just as simple for a stranger to record a 10-second video of me on their phone than it would be for them to record it on these glasses. So, why do I have a gut reaction of negativity towards these glasses? I don’t know, but I imagine I’m not the only one, and that Snapchat will have an uphill climb when it comes to explaining to anyone why these Spectacles would make more sense to buy than, say, a GoPro or any other more obvious-looking wearable, portable camera. (via The Sun, image via YouTube screencap) Want more stories like this? Become a subscriber and support the site! —The Mary Sue has a strict comment policy that forbids, but is not limited to, personal insults toward anyone, hate speech, and trolling.— Follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google+. Follow The Mary Sue Follow @TheMarySue Like us on Facebook filed under Google Glass, Snapchat, Surveillance What's Popular The Art of DC Comics Bombshells Proves That “Sexy” and “Powerful” Aren’t Mutually Exclusive, and Neither Need Be “Exploitative” No, Jennifer Lawrence, I Will Not Hug My Racist Neighbors for the Sake of “Unity” #NotMyGodEmperor: Why Are There So Many Actual Fascists in the Warhammer 40K Fandom? Ryan Gosling Doesn’t Understand How or Why He Became a Meme On Breitbart, Stephen Bannon, and the Question of “Does Gamergate Have Anything to Do With Trump?” Tips Have a tip or story idea? Email us. Or to keep it anonymous, click here. « Previous Post Next Post » © 2016 The Mary Sue, LLC | About Us | Advertise | Subscription FAQ | Privacy | User Agreement | Disclaimer | Contact |  RSS Dan Abrams, Founder Mediaite The Mary Sue RunwayRiot LawNewz Gossip Cop
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Chromecast Ultra shown in leaked images ahead of October 4 debut Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | September 26, 2016 25 shares 18 6 0 0 0 0 0 0 1               Days after pricing info for Google’s upcoming Chromecast Ultra leaked, images of the device itself have surfaced. The leaked images show a Chromecast Ultra that doesn’t look too dissimilar from Google’s current Chromecast device. It’s got a round shape with a flat front and rear and an HDMI cable attached to the unit with a short, flat cable. The big different in design is that while the Chromecast (2015) has a Chrome logo, this Chromecast Ultra has a Google “G” logo. This Chromecast Ultra is expected to ship with firmware version 1.21 and support for playing 4K content. The device will reportedly debut at Google’s October 4 event and it’s expected to cost $69.  The Chromecast (2015) will allegedly stick around at its $35 price point, offering an affordable alternative to the Chromecast Ultra for folks that don’t care about 4K content. For those people that do have a 4K-capable television, though, the Chromecast Ultra could be a nice addition to their home theatre. With it, they’ll have a new way to easily get 4K content onto their TV. Will you buy this Chromecast Ultra? Source:  VentureBeat Android iOS Rumors and Leaks Google Previous ArticleRoku announces new streaming boxes that start at $29.99 Next ArticleGoogle 'Pixel 3' laptop reportedly in the works with 'Andromeda' operating system Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts How would you change the iPhone 7? Roku announces new streaming boxes that start at $29.99 I would love to see more colors for the iPhone Samsung Pay gains support for Capital One cards View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 2 days ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 6 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 4 days ago 12 shares 7 2 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 6 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 22 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes HTC 10 22 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News Amazon Echo gaining ability to AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note Sprint News Sprint Black Friday deals include HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest T-Mobile News T-Mobile to offer Black Friday Samsung Gear S3 Frontier hits T- Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Verizon Wireless Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge now Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor This Controversial Commodity Could Be Worth 5X More Than Gold Home | Street Talk Tags: tv | set top | box | cable Here's Why You're Paying $200 to Rent a Clunky TV Set-Top Box (Dollar Photo Club) Monday, 26 Sep 2016 12:37 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Imagine watching TV without paying the cable company for the blinking set-top box, using a gadget of your choice that makes it easy to switch between cable channels, streaming programs and online shows. The idea, simple in concept, is proving difficult in execution. U.S. Federal Communications Commission Chairman Tom Wheeler is pushing a plan to force cable companies to give up their control over set-top boxes, "unlocking" the marketplace as he puts it. But he’s drawn opposition from lawmakers in both parties, not to mention some of the most active corporate lobbyists in Washington. Comcast Corp. and the cable industry -- which stands to lose $20 billion a year in box rentals -- say it’s unnecessary and are fighting it. So are Hollywood studios, DirecTV owner AT&T Inc., and CBS Corp. Even a fellow commission Democrat said Wheeler’s plan set for a Sept. 29 vote is flawed. “This issue is a classic inside-the-Beltway versus the people of America issue,” Senator Richard Blumenthal, a Connecticut Democrat, said at a Sept. 15 congressional hearing. “Inside the Beltway there’s this hand-wringing and, ‘My goodness what are we doing.’ Outside the Beltway there is no question that consumers deserve to save money through more choice and more competition.” TV Via App The TV and film industries say they’re fine with competition and fine with new ways to distribute their programming. But they say Wheeler’s plan would slow movement toward making shows available via apps on tablets and mobile phones, because cable providers and content owners will struggle to satisfy new federal licensing requirements. Wheeler said 99 percent of subscribers rent boxes from cable and satellite TV providers "because they don’t have meaningful alternatives.” Previous attempts to spur competition left consumers with devices that didn’t get all channels and were hard to install, with cable companies offering poor support, the FCC said in February, adding that consumers pay more than $231 annually to rent boxes. Under Wheeler’s plan, pay-TV companies would have to provide online applications that grant access to their programming to independent device makers, such as Alphabet Inc.’s Google, Amazon.com Inc., TiVo Corp. and Roku Inc. Netflix, Hulu The devices would show available programming, including channels paid for as well as video available on the likes of Netflix Inc., Google’s YouTube and the online Hulu LLC service owned by 21st Century Fox Inc., Walt Disney Co. and Comcast’s NBCUniversal. Hulu has 12 million subscribers and may offer live TV channels soon. Set-top boxes saddle consumers today with “antiquated” ways to interact with video programming, said Nicholas Economides, a professor at New York University’s Leonard N. Stern School of Business who studies the economics of networks.  Companies such as Microsoft Corp., Google and Apple Inc. could come up with search functions that outperform today’s typical set-top box experience, which features tabular formats that list programming in a grid that doesn’t extend beyond a week or two, Economides said. One likely result: easier access to programming outside cable’s bundle of channels. "The set-top box being independent of the cable company will make a big difference,” Economides said in an interview. “Because then you would be able to use the set-top box itself to download -- to connect to Netflix, to connect to Hulu or anyone else. ” Direct Downloads Unless cable companies offer “very aggressive” competitive moves such as slashing prices, “the introduction of new set-top boxes will accelerate the movement away from cable and toward direct downloads,” Economides said. Bringing in nimble, innovative companies could open possibilities just as ending AT&T’s telephone monopoly in the 1980s finished the era of boxy desk phones that were available only for rent, not purchase, said Ed Black, president of the Computer & Communications Industry Association. The Washington-based trade group, with members including Amazon, Google, and Facebook Inc., has been prodding the FCC to act as part of the Consumer Video Choice Coalition. “When we got rid of the black AT&T phones, nobody really could tell you there’s going to be a fax machine and cell phones and all the things that came after,” Black said in an interview. “When you do not have dominant company control, when you have lots of companies trying to get into this space -- there’s an explosion of creativity and products.” Fighting Regulations Comcast, the nation’s biggest cable provider, says regulation isn’t necessary because it already makes its TV service available without a set-top box. In April, the company said customers will be able to watch channels via Roku devices and Samsung Electronics Co.’s smart TVs. Charter Communications Inc. has also tested making its service available as an app on Roku devices. "It’s an environment where the amount of choice for consumers is high and accelerating," Comcast Chief Financial Officer Michael Cavanagh said at a conference in May. "So the idea that there’s a need for a government mandate in that space strikes us as odd." Besides lucrative rental fees, pay-TV providers have another reason for fighting the regulations: set-top boxes store detailed data about what shows viewers watch, which is valuable when advertising and negotiating with programmers. Comcast also uses its X1 set-top boxes to offer high-tech features like communicating with its voice-controlled remote. Some doubt Comcast can stem the tide toward sleeker devices. Bye-Bye Box “The day of the traditional big, heavy company-controlled set-top box is over,” Roku’s founder and chief executive officer, Anthony Wood, said in an interview. Programming’s increasingly escaping the cable bundle, Wood said, citing such outlets as HBO Now, Time Warner Inc.’s streaming service with more than 1 million subscribers, and Dish Network Corp.’s streaming Sling TV, which offers live broadcasts from channels including NBC and ABC as well as cable networks ESPN, USA and Bravo. "The cable stranglehold on distribution broke awhile ago,” Wood said. “Consumers haven’t all adopted it yet, but that’s changing." “This FCC rule might accelerate that, or it might have no impact. But I think market forces have already started the process,” Wood said. Currently, not every device-making company will get the access to cable shows that Roku was able to negotiate, said John Bergmayer, an attorney with Public Knowledge, a Washington-based policy group that supports the proposed rule. “The cable companies are slowly supporting some platforms,” Bergmayer said. “The FCC proposal is different: You have to support all of the major platforms, you can’t pick and choose.”   © Copyright 2016 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Imagine watching TV without paying the cable company for the blinking set-top box, using a gadget of your choice that makes it easy to switch between cable channels, streaming programs and online shows. tv, set top, box, cable 1057 Monday, 26 Sep 2016 12:37 PM 2016-37-26 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Janus' Gross Says Trump Will be One-termer, in Failure for Populism Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 33 comments Stick to Wall street manipulation Mr Gross. You know nothing about what... Gallup: Economic Confidence Surges After Trump Beats Hillary for White House Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 | 28 comments What the numbers tell us is, that democrats simply cannot comprehend the... Larry Summers: Trump's Economic Plan Is 'Ill-Designed' And Harmful Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 15 comments Why are so many of the architects of the failed economic and fiscal... Trump Eyes Oil Billionaire, Lawmaker for Energy Secretary Monday, 14 Nov 2016 | 16 comments He should consider instead simply eliminating Energy and Interior [which... Trump Fulfilling A Campaign Promise Monday, 14 Nov 2016 | 12 comments Sorry, but we Americans have a lot more to deal and worry about right now,... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Apple lowers price of iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ repair to $189 CAD November 17, 2016 iPhone call history is stored in iCloud, says security firm report November 17, 2016 OnePlus 3 and 3T to get software updates at the same time, says OnePlus November 16, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 software update encourages Canadians to return device for refund November 16, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Deus Ex GO discounted to $1.39 on Google Play Store November 18, 2016 Facebook acquires FacioMetrics to potentially improve Snapchat-like filters November 17, 2016 Firefox Focus is Mozilla’s new privacy-focused iOS browser November 17, 2016 Apple could lower its cut of subscription fees for video apps November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers CRTC and FCC sign agreement to work together to block robocalls and spoofing November 17, 2016 Bell Canada hacker sentenced to four years in American prison November 17, 2016 Innovation Minister Navdeep Bains discusses digital economy, 5G, wireless competition and pricing at IIC November 17, 2016 The best quotes from CRTC’s Jean-Pierre Blais at IIC (including Shomi, Guy Laurence and net neutrality) November 16, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 4 technology promises 5 hours of use for 5 minutes of charging November 17, 2016 The best quotes from CRTC’s Jean-Pierre Blais at IIC (including Shomi, Guy Laurence and net neutrality) November 16, 2016 Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Airbnb’s Trips wants to be your new Travel agency November 17, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Apple lowers price of iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ repair to $189 CAD November 17, 2016 iPhone call history is stored in iCloud, says security firm report November 17, 2016 OnePlus 3 and 3T to get software updates at the same time, says OnePlus November 16, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 software update encourages Canadians to return device for refund November 16, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Deus Ex GO discounted to $1.39 on Google Play Store November 18, 2016 Facebook acquires FacioMetrics to potentially improve Snapchat-like filters November 17, 2016 Firefox Focus is Mozilla’s new privacy-focused iOS browser November 17, 2016 Apple could lower its cut of subscription fees for video apps November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers CRTC and FCC sign agreement to work together to block robocalls and spoofing November 17, 2016 Bell Canada hacker sentenced to four years in American prison November 17, 2016 Innovation Minister Navdeep Bains discusses digital economy, 5G, wireless competition and pricing at IIC November 17, 2016 The best quotes from CRTC’s Jean-Pierre Blais at IIC (including Shomi, Guy Laurence and net neutrality) November 16, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 4 technology promises 5 hours of use for 5 minutes of charging November 17, 2016 The best quotes from CRTC’s Jean-Pierre Blais at IIC (including Shomi, Guy Laurence and net neutrality) November 16, 2016 Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Airbnb’s Trips wants to be your new Travel agency November 17, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Google’s Echo competitor ‘Home’ will reportedly cost $129 at launch Priv discounted to $559 in BlackBerry Store Google will reportedly launch ‘Andromeda’ hybrid OS in 2017 alongside new Nexus tablet and Pixel laptop Jessica Vomiero September 26, 2016 12:23pm Google will launch its new operating system “Andromeda” in late 2017 on both a new Huawei Nexus tablet and a Pixel 3 laptop, according to several sources cited by 9to5Google and Android Police. Google’s rumoured Andromeda operating system is reportedly an Android/Chrome operating system hybrid. While the Huawei-made tablet won’t necessarily feature Nexus branding, several sources have confirmed to Android Police that this will likely be the case. Andromeda is likely an effort by Google to bring Android apps to Chromebooks, often referred to as Project Bison. Google reportedly wants the ultra-thin Pixel 3 to support a tablet mode, though hasn’t confirmed whether the laptop is foldable or detachable device as of yet. Google's Huawei-built 7-inch tablet, with 4GB RAM, on track for release before the end of the year. — Evan Blass (@evleaks) September 5, 2016 The Pixel 3 will likely include a 12.3-inch display and will be powered by the Intel m3 or an i5 processor. Android Police reports that the device will likely feature either 32GB or 128GB of storage, with either 8GB or 16GB of RAM, suggesting that the device could come in two models. It will also feature two USB-C ports and a 3.5 mm headphone jack — obviously opting not to follow Apple’s lead by dropping the 3.5mm jack in the iPhone 7. The Pixel 3 will come with several unconfirmed sensors, stylus support, stereo speakers, quad microphones, backlit keyboard, glass trackpad (similar to the Macbook) and a ten-hour battery life. Google’s planned pricing for the Pixel 3 is $799, though that, along with the specs, is subject to change before the projected Q3 2017 release. Related: The Pixel and the Pixel XL probably won’t be affordable in Canada SourceAndroid Police, 9to5 Google Attackpoodle So……more fragmentation? I was under the impression that chrome OS apps were being replaced by Android apps. Why switch to a traditional laptop form factor (track pad/keyboard) when nothing will support it? J-Ro Because it is always fun to buy $1200 in hardware to use 2 apps. Google will likely give this up in a couples months as usual and move on to the next big thing Dix A tablet that can run Android apps with stylus support and proper Google updates, you say? Goooo ooon … Mac Luu Ha I like the name of this OS, keep up Google, we know you are doing the best for us! Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Laptop News / Google Pixel 3 could be the first Andromeda OS device Google Pixel 3 could be the first Andromeda OS device by Joe Roberts 26 September 2016 0 shares Read Comments A new report claims Google is working on a laptop set for release in 2017 that could be the first device to run the 'Andromeda' OS. The report from AndroidPolice cites "two independent and reliable sources" as confirming the company's plans for the new device, said to be nicknamed 'Pixel 3'. Google will reportedly release the laptop, officially known internally as 'Bison', as soon as Q3 2017. But what makes this particular hardware special is the claim that it will be the first device to feature Google's combined Android/Chrome OS platform, known as 'Andromeda'. AndroidPolice says it is 'extremely confident' that this will be the case, and that the Pixel 3 will not be branded as a Chromebook. Related: iPhone 7 Google has recently made certain Android apps available on its Chrome OS desktop platform, but Andromeda is thought to be a distinct project. The company has long-been promising a combination of its two operating systems, and is expected to reveal more about the project at the Pixel and Pixel XL launch event next week. Andromeda is said to involve combining Chrome features into Android, rather than vice versa. The report itself is, of course, unconfirmed by Google, and is likely to remain that way. AndroidPolice says its sources are 'legitimate and trustworthy' however, so take what you will from that. Bison itself is said to be an ultra-thin laptop with a 12.3-inch display that could be capable of supporting a tablet mode – hinting at a possible hybrid design. The machine is expected to feature an Intel m3 or Core i5 chip with either 32 or 128GB of storage and 8 or 16GB of RAM. Elsewhere, there's a fingerprint scanner, two USB-C ports, a headphone jack, and stylus support with a Wacom pen which will be sold separately. On top of that, further expected features include stereo speakers, quad microphones, and a battery said to last 10 hours. And it doesn't end there. A backlit keyboard and glass trackpad with haptic and force capabilities are also said to be part of the new device. Related: Best laptop What's more, the sources have even provided a possible price for the Pixel 3, which is expected to go on sale for $799 in the US when it launches. Again, there's no way to confirm any of this, so take it all with due caution. But as the report notes, the idea of Andromeda debuting on a laptop fits with a previous report from the Wall Street Journal which claims as much. That's all we've got for now but we'll await Google's announcement on October 4 in the mean time. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week Let us know what you make of today's report in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay 2015 Chromebook Pixel 8GB RAM 32GB SSD Intel Core i5 5200U Google Playstore 5 bids $700.00 View Item Lenovo ThinkPad 11e Black 11.6" 1366 x 768pixels M-5Y10c $369.00 View Item 2015 Chromebook Pixel 8GB RAM 32GB SSD Intel Core i5 5200U Google Playstore 1 bids $600.00 View Item 0 shares Read Comments LeeTronix September 27, 2016, 6:44 am As a Mac user I think this is a good thing to bring a new OS into the afray. I also have a Pixel Chromebook which I really like and I would look forward to seeing more integration with this potential Andromeda OS. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Difference between revisions of "CA:WoSign Issues" From MozillaWiki Jump to: navigation, search Revision as of 06:01, 26 September 2016 (view source) Gerv (Talk | contribs) (Rest of entry for issue X) ← Older edit Revision as of 08:40, 26 September 2016 (view source) Gerv (Talk | contribs) (Wording tweak) Newer edit → Line 375: Line 375:   The first WoSign [https://www.wosign.com/report/wosign_incidents_report_09042016.pdf incident report], produced in response to other issues listed on this page, has a screenshot of a dig query from their validation server. The dig program is part of the bind-utils package, and the output of dig appears to show a bind-utils version of 9.7.3-8.P3.el6. The "el6" shows that this is a version built for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6. This version of bind-utils was released in [https://rhn.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2011-1697.html December 2011] and so is very out of date.   The first WoSign [https://www.wosign.com/report/wosign_incidents_report_09042016.pdf incident report], produced in response to other issues listed on this page, has a screenshot of a dig query from their validation server. The dig program is part of the bind-utils package, and the output of dig appears to show a bind-utils version of 9.7.3-8.P3.el6. The "el6" shows that this is a version built for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6. This version of bind-utils was released in [https://rhn.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2011-1697.html December 2011] and so is very out of date.     − The next release of this package for EL6 following the one WoSign are using is bind-utils 9.7.3-8.P3.el6_2.1, which was released [https://rhn.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2011-1836.html a little later in December 2011]. The most recent version is 9.8.2-0.47.rc1.el6, which was released on the [https://rhn.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2016-0784.html 10th of May 2016]. There are 19 patched CVEs between the version WoSign is running and the current version. None of these CVEs are especially severe. However, if this software is in fact that far out of date (nearly five years), it raises questions about the overall patch level of their verification server and even their other infrastructure. + The next release of this package for EL6 following the one WoSign are using is bind-utils 9.7.3-8.P3.el6_2.1, which was released [https://rhn.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2011-1836.html a little later in December 2011]. The most recent version is 9.8.2-0.47.rc1.el6, which was released on the [https://rhn.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2016-0784.html 10th of May 2016]. There are 19 patched CVEs between the version WoSign is suspected of running and the current version. None of these CVEs are especially severe. However, if this software is in fact that far out of date (nearly five years), it raises questions about the overall patch level of their verification server and even their other infrastructure.       WoSign's [https://cert.webtrust.org/SealFile?seal=2019&file=pdf most recent audit] used the "[http://www.webtrust.org/homepage-documents/item79806.pdf SSL Baseline With Network Security - Version 2.0]" criteria. These criteria integrate two CA/Browser Forum Documents - the SSL BRs and the Network & Certificate Systems Security Requirements.   WoSign's [https://cert.webtrust.org/SealFile?seal=2019&file=pdf most recent audit] used the "[http://www.webtrust.org/homepage-documents/item79806.pdf SSL Baseline With Network Security - Version 2.0]" criteria. These criteria integrate two CA/Browser Forum Documents - the SSL BRs and the Network & Certificate Systems Security Requirements. Revision as of 08:40, 26 September 2016 This page lists all confirmed or suspected issues involving the CA "WoSign". It will be updated by Mozilla as more information becomes available. Please do not edit this page yourself; if you have proposed changes, email Gerv. The issues are in chronological order, and have been re-numbered from the original announcement to use letters with gaps in between, for possible future expansion. Contents 1 Issue D: Long-Lived SHA-1 Certs (Jan - Mar 2015) 1.1 WoSign Response 1.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 2 Issue F: Certs Identical Except For NotBefore (Mar 2015) 2.1 WoSign Response 2.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 3 Issue H: Duplicate Serial Numbers (Apr 2015) 3.1 WoSign Response 3.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 4 Issue J: Various BR Violations (Apr 2015) 4.1 WoSign Response 4.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 5 Issue L: Any Port (Jan - Apr 2015) 5.1 WoSign Response 5.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 6 Issue N: Additional Domain Errors (June 2015) 6.1 WoSign Response 6.1.1 Bug N1 6.1.2 Bug N2 6.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 7 Issue P: Use of SM2 Algorithm (Nov 2015) 7.1 WoSign Response 7.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 8 Issue R: Purchase of StartCom (Nov 2015) 8.1 WoSign Response 8.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 9 Issue S: Backdated SHA-1 Certs (January 2016) 9.1 WoSign Response 9.2 Further Comments 10 Issue T: alicdn.com Misissuance (June 2016) 10.1 WoSign Response 10.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 11 Issue V: StartEncrypt (July 2016) 11.1 WoSign Response 11.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 12 Issue X: Unpatched Software (September 2016) 12.1 WoSign Response 12.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 13 Cross Signing Issue D: Long-Lived SHA-1 Certs (Jan - Mar 2015) (a.k.a. "Issue -2") Between 16th January 2015 and 5th March 2015, WoSign issued 1,132 SHA-1 certificates whose validity extended beyond 1st January 2017. This is documented in their BR audit. Section 7.1.3 of the BRs says: Effective 16 January 2015, CAs SHOULD NOT issue Subscriber Certificates utilizing the SHA‐1 algorithm with an Expiry Date greater than 1 January 2017. So this requirement is a SHOULD NOT. RFC 2119 states: 4. SHOULD NOT This phrase, or the phrase "NOT RECOMMENDED" mean that there may exist valid reasons in particular circumstances when the particular behavior is acceptable or even useful, but the full implications should be understood and the case carefully weighed before implementing any behavior described with this label. This means that this issue does not represent a violation of the BRs. WoSign Response WoSign chose to declare this to their auditors on their WebTrust audit. The auditors state: We understand that WoSign has established procedures and implemented controls to ensure that the aforementioned SSL subscriber certificates would be revoked on or before 31 December 2016. This issue is also covered in WoSign's final incident report. Further Comments and Conclusion WoSign say that they were aware that they were doing this, and that the cause was a delay in implementing the changes from CAB Forum ballot 118. Ballot 118 was passed on 16th October 2014, but WoSign were unable to update their systems until March 5th 2015, nearly five months later. This seems like a surprisingly long delay for a relatively simple change, given how quickly WoSign have been able to update their systems in other cases. However, as noted above, this is not a BR violation. Issue F: Certs Identical Except For NotBefore (Mar 2015) WoSign issued two certificates in March 2015. These certificates are identical in all ways (including their serial numbers) except for their notBefore dates, which are 37 seconds apart. Cert 1 Cert 2 WoSign Response This issue is covered in WoSign's final incident report. They explain that there are 16 examples, and it happens when their Certificate Management System loses contact with a signing server during a transaction, and so tries the other one, but both signing servers issue a certificate. One was sent to the subscriber, and the other was stored in their records, and then logged to CT when they logged all their certs. WoSign has since updated their system to use better locking. Further Comments and Conclusion Issuing two different certs with the same serial number is a violation of the RFC, but the impact of this bug is minimal. Issue H: Duplicate Serial Numbers (Apr 2015) (a.k.a. "Issue X") Between 9th April 2015 and 14th April 2015, WoSign issued 392 certificates with duplicate serial numbers, across a handful of different serial numbers. Here is one example. This is documented in their most recent BR audit. WoSign Response The audit report says: We understand that remediation action was taken by WoSign to revoke those certificates in a timely manner. Incident investigation with root cause analysis was conducted and relevant result was documented in relevant incident report. Follow up action was also conducted to prevent the recurrence of the incident. This issue is also covered in WoSign's final incident report. They explain that there were two bugs which led to the same result - one involving a system which did not understand serial numbers with leading zeroes, and the other a race condition. Further Comments and Conclusion This last auditor statement ("follow up action was also conducted to prevent the recurrence of the incident") is relevant given later issues involving duplicate serial numbers. It's not clear how "a system bug with the serial number generation, generating a serial number starting with “0” in the first left position" combined with "the signing system had a bug that didn’t know how to deal with this kind of serial number" could lead to duplicate serial numbers. Further clarification has been requested on this point. This incident is unfortunate and an RFC violation, but it was detected fairly promptly (albeit not by WoSign themselves) and fixed. Issue J: Various BR Violations (Apr 2015) (a.k.a. "Issue -1") On April 3rd, 2015, WoSign was contacted by Google, who were concerned about Baseline Requirements violations in recently-issued certificates from WoSign. Instead of specifying the violations directly, Google asked WoSign to check their certificates against their CPS. The following list of problems is a combination of those found by WoSign themselves and those pointed out later by Google: Incorrect or missing policy OIDs in all or most subscriber certificates; CPS required use of obscure "Issuer Alternative Name" field which was not being used; Inclusion of information in the Subject of the certificate (an advert) which was not validated subscriber information, and which contained a domain name, violating section 7.1.4.2 of the BRs; The CPS documentation of validity periods did not match what was happening in practice; CPS required compliance only with RFC 2459 instead of the more restrictive RFC 5280. Google noted that many of these issues should have been caught by a competent auditor. WoSign's auditors at the time were Ernst and Young (Hong Kong). WoSign Response WoSign resolved this promptly at the time by a mix of changes to practice and changes to their CPS (new versions 1.2.10 and 1.2.11). This issue was included in Google's report to Mozilla in August 2016 but not listed in the original public discussion. This issue is covered in WoSign's final incident report. Further Comments and Conclusion WoSign acted quickly to resolve the issues, but this issue perhaps demonstrates that their CPS was not a definition of their practice, but more a document to be updated post-hoc to match changes made to their operations. Mozilla documentation related to auditor errors states that: When egregious mistakes were overlooked by the auditor, or there are a significant number of oversights, or the auditor did not notice BR compliance problems with the root or intermediate certificates, then the CA must resolve the issues and be re-audited. For the re-audit the CA can either get re-audited by a different auditor, or have the current auditor provide an immediate plan for correction and compliance, and then present a mid-term partial audit following that plan. In either case, the auditor must provide documentation about steps they are taking to avoid making the same mistakes in future audits. If the auditor fails to assure Mozilla that they have corrected the deficiencies in their auditing process, then their standing as a trusted auditor for the Mozilla root program may be jeopardized. As Mozilla was not aware of this issue at the time, we were unable to make a judgement on whether these issues rose to an appropriate level of severity to require this response. There is also the question of whether Mozilla wishes to continue to accept audits from an auditor who misses CPS violations covering such a large proportion of the certificate corpus. Issue L: Any Port (Jan - Apr 2015) (a.k.a. "Issue 0") From Jan 10th to to April 23rd 2015, WoSign's certificate issuance system for their free certificates allowed the applicant to choose any port for validation. Once validation had been completed, WoSign would issue certificates for that domain. A researcher was able to obtain a certificate for a university by opening a high-numbered port (>50,000) and getting WoSign to use that port for validation of control. This problem was reported to Google, and thence to WoSign and resolved. Mozilla only became aware of it recently. Before the recent passage of Ballot 169 in the CAB Forum, which limits the ports and paths which can be used, the Baseline Requirements said that one acceptable method of domain validation was "Having the Applicant demonstrate practical control over the FQDN by making an agreed‐upon change to information found on an online Web page identified by a uniform resource identifier containing the FQDN". This method therefore did not violate the letter of the BRs. However, Mozilla considers the basic security knowledge that ports over 1024 are unprivileged should have led all CAs not to accept validations of domain control on such ports, even when not documented in the BRs. The misissuance issue was not reported to Mozilla by WoSign as it should have been. Section 1 of the Mozilla CA Certificate Enforcement Policy says: "When a serious security concern is noticed, such as a major root compromise, it should be treated as a security-sensitive bug, and the Mozilla Policy for Handling Security Bugs should be followed." This misissuance issue did not turn up on WoSign's subsequent BR audit. WoSign Response 2016-08-25: "We are searching our database to try to find if any mis-issued cert is issued." 2016-08-25: "For BR auditor, I think this issue is too technical that fewer auditor can find out this problem." List of crt.sh links to certificates involved - total 72. Richard Wang said: "We checked our system, the certificates issued related using higher level port website control validation is totally 72 certificates. To be clear, those certificates are validated by website control validation method that using other port except 80 and 443." 2016-09-04: Official issue report. This issue is also covered in WoSign's final incident report. Further Comments and Conclusion It is the responsibility of the CA to disclose issues to its auditors, not for the auditor to discover them. WoSign was aware of this, because some of the issues in this document were disclosed to auditors and included in their report. The completeness of WoSign's list of 72 certificates was called into question by a discussion participant who testified that his certificate was validated using port 8080 but does not appear in WoSign's list. In response, Richard said that in fact their system did not directly record the port used for validation, and so he could not guarantee that the list was complete. However, the final incident report still gives the impression that WoSign was able to generate a complete list. WoSign has since stopped doing website validation; if they had continued, better logging of the process would have been necessary. The logs they were keeping while using this process were clearly inadequate. Issue N: Additional Domain Errors (June 2015) (a.k.a. "Issue 1") In June 2015, an applicant found some problems with WoSign's free certificate service. There were actually two bugs, which we will denote N1 and N2. Bug N1 was an issue where someone proving control of <subdomain>.example.tld also was given a cert covering example.tld. Bug N2 was an issue where arbitrary domains can be added to an existing request after validation. The reporter proved that there was a problem in two ways. They accidentally discovered that there was a problem when trying to get a certificate for med.ucf.edu and mistakenly also applied for www.ucf.edu, which was approved. They then used their control of schrauger.github.com/schrauger.github.io to get a cert for github.com, github.io, and www.github.io. They also obtained another github cert using a different subdomain of github.io. These are both, in fact, instances of bug N2. WoSign discovered the github misissuances due to a post-issuance review the following day, triggered by "github" being on their list of high-value domains. Those certs were revoked. However, no further investigation was performed, and several other certificates were misissued subsequently. The bugs were fixed two months later, on August 10th, in an unrelated major update. Recently, the reporter of the issue got in touch with Google to note that the ucf.edu cert still had not been revoked almost a year later. The lack of revocation of the ucf.edu certificate strongly suggests that WoSign either did not or could not search their issuance databases for other occurrences of the same problem. Mozilla considers such a search a basic part of the response to disclosure of a vulnerability which causes misissuance, and expects CAs to keep records detailed enough to make it possible. The misissuance issue was not reported to Mozilla by WoSign as it should have been. Section 1 of the Mozilla CA Certificate Enforcement Policy says: "When a serious security concern is noticed, such as a major root compromise, it should be treated as a security-sensitive bug, and the Mozilla Policy for Handling Security Bugs should be followed." This misissuance issue did not turn up on WoSign's subsequent BR audit. WoSign Response 2016-08-25: "For BR auditor, I think this issue is too technical that fewer auditor can find out this problem." List of crt.sh links to certificates involved - total 33. 2016-09-04: Official issue report. The report explains the two bugs, N1 and N2. WoSign classifies the misissuances as 21 N1 and 12 N2. This issue is also covered in WoSign's final incident report. Bug N1 N1 allowed an applicant to get a certificate for the base domain if they were able to prove control of any subdomain. According to WoSign, this was caused by an engineer misunderstanding the rule that if a base domain was validated, the "www" variant could be added for free. He instead applied the rule in the other direction. Bug N2 Issue N2 is described in the report as follows: This mis-issued certificate was a system vulnerability that when the subscriber finished the domain validation, they can add any domain before submitting this order to system. Looking at their list of misissued domains in the report, this really does mean "any domain". For example, a cert where the owner validated "netwi.ru" was able to add "mx.idisk.su", an entirely different domain, without validating it. This effectively bypasses domain validation for any attacker who owns a domain of their own. Further Comments and Conclusion An arbitrary unvalidated ownership domain misissuance bug is an extremely serious flaw, particularly if it's available in a normal workflow. The report seems to suggest an "issue first, ask questions later" approach whereby a cert is issued to the subscriber even if it is flagged as questionable, and the remediation mechanism is revocation rather than lack of issuance. Furthermore, their validation team works 9-5, so an applicant could have many hours to abuse a misissued certificate before it was discovered. Although it seems like the system issued a certificate which did not match what was validated, this was not investigated further. The report says: "the employee treated it as an unusual case that did not reported it as a bug." This is amazing, if true. If WoSign's employees don't think that misissuing a certificate is a big deal, something is quite badly wrong. The report seems surprised that the applicant did not follow the WoSign Terms of Use. I would not expect an actual attacker to care about the WoSign Terms of Use. The certificate involved here were all clearly misissued; even if the person could have proved control of the parent domain, they did not do so during the process. Therefore, failure to revoke these certificates immediately (as WoSign argued it didn't need to during the public discussion) constitutes a further BR violation, as per Section 4.9.1.1 of the BRs, in particular, item 4 and item 9. WoSign has since stopped doing website control validation entirely. However, that does not decrease the seriousness of the bug/feature. It also raises the question of how such a feature could make it through review, testing and QA. Issue P: Use of SM2 Algorithm (Nov 2015) In November 2015, WoSign issued two certificates that have subject public keys which are for the SM2 algorithm. SM2 is an elliptic-curve-based algorithm but it does not use the US NIST P-256, P-384, or P-521 curves. The CA/Browser Forum Baseline Requirements section 6.1.5 requires that only these three curves be used for elliptic curve keys in certs covered by the BRs. In addition to including subjects keys using unapproved parameters, it seems these each share their serial number with another certificate for the same subject. 1st SM2 cert in crt.sh; cert with same serial number in crt.sh 2nd SM2 cert in crt.sh; cert with same serial number in crt.sh Secondly, for the first pair of certs, the validity period is 4 years, which is 9 months longer than allowed by the BRs. WoSign Response Richard Wang: "This is another case that we will include it in our report. We issued two test cert using SM2 algorithm that used the same serial number as the RSA cert (same subject) to test if we can setup a gateway that install this two type cert, it can shake hand automatically using different cert based on the browser algorithm support." (Unable to find this message in the groups.google.com archive.) This issue is also covered in WoSign's final incident report. Their later final statement document says: "being a Chinese licensed CA, we must abide by local laws and regulations, we must actively cooperate with domestic browsers to test the SSL certificate using SM2 algorithm issued by a global trusted root in the real Internet, not intranet." Further Comments and Conclusion There are plenty of ways of testing this scenario without using public roots - and, in fact, WoSign has said they have updated their systems to avoid issuing test certificates from public roots in future. Mozilla is sceptical of the claim that Chinese law or regulation required WoSign to issue these certificates. However, if that were true, the Baseline Requirements contain a mechanism (section 9.16.3) by which a CA can break the BRs if required to do so by local law, with appropriate disclosure to the CAB Forum. That was not done in this case. We note that Symantec was penalised in late 2015 for issuing non-BR-compliant test certificates in their publicly-trusted certificate hierarchies. Their problems were first revealed in September, and one big discussion of these problems happened in m.d.s.policy starting on 13th October 2015. All of these dates are prior to WoSign's test certificate misissuances. Issue R: Purchase of StartCom (Nov 2015) WoSign purchased the CA "StartCom" and did not disclose the transaction as a change of ownership, which we believe violates section 5 of the Mozilla CA Certificate Maintenance Policy. Furthermore, when this clause was brought to their attention, they denied that any changes fell under it, and they attempted to suppress further information about the ownership transfer when it was brought to the community's attention. Full details can be found in the post in mozilla.dev.security.policy. WoSign Response Richard Wang writes: "An announcement and disclosure will be made shortly pending completion of the business transaction. We can provide the proof documents to Mozilla to show this transaction is not finished if Mozilla think it is necessary." On 2016-09-19, WoSign issued a press release saying that they have "made an equity investment" in StartCom CA. Further Comments and Conclusion Mozilla has confirmed with a Hebrew-speaking lawyer that, as far as the Israeli company authorities are concerned, the transaction which completed the chain to give WoSign 100% ownership of StartCom completed on November 1st 2015. We maintain that this is the date at which the ownership change should have been disclosed to Mozilla. In addition, WoSign's press release about their "equity investment" seems to be economical with the truth; WoSign owns 100% of StartCom. The statement that "WoSign and StartCom [are] two companies operate[d] and managed independently" is hard to square with the fact that the same person is sole director of StartCom and CEO of WoSign. Also, there is technical evidence that StartCom are now using a large part of WoSign's issuance infrastructure. Issue S: Backdated SHA-1 Certs (January 2016) WoSign has issued certificates after January 1st 2016 but backdated the notBefore date to be in December 2015. This has the effect of avoiding the blocks in browsers regarding SHA-1 certs issued after January 1st 2016. The number of certs affected is probably 67, but may be a few more or less. The three certificates below have notBefore dates in Dec 2015, have signatures over SHA-1 hashes and have embedded SCTs which are dated after January 1, 2016. Domain notBefore notAfter SCT Timestamp yffsc.com Dec 19 20:37:06 2015 GMT Dec 29 16:00:00 2016 GMT Jan 4 10:11:27 2016 GMT congfubao.com Dec 20 08:29:51 2015 GMT Dec 29 16:00:00 2016 GMT Jan 5 05:52:47 2016 GMT my.xbniao.com Dec 20 07:48:31 2015 GMT Dec 29 16:00:00 2016 GMT Jan 18 05:33:21 2016 GMT Because these SCTs are embedded, they must have been created before the final certificate was signed, and therefore the final certificate must have been signed in January - on or after January 18th, for the third one. These are the only certs for which cryptographic proof of backdating is available. However, other strong circumstantial evidence suggests that backdating is more prevalent. Firstly, around 12th May 2015, WoSign started using a new certificate template for some of their SHA-1 issuances. This has a fixed notAfter date of 2016-12-29T16:00:00Z (i.e. midnight on 29th/30th December, CST). This may have been a (sensible) move to prevent accidentally issuing SHA-1 certs which ran into 2017. We have found 939 SHA-1 certificates with this fixed notAfter date, including the above three. Certificates issued using this template almost exclusively have notBefore dates on working days in China, suggesting they are issued by explicit WoSign employee action. All of them have notBefores between Monday and Friday, except for 13 on a Saturday and 66 on a Sunday. Of those 66, 4 have notBefores on 2015-09-06, a Sunday which was, unusually, a working day in China. The other 62 all have notBefores on 2015-12-20, which was a Sunday, and not a working day in China. This suggests that, for these 62, the notBefore does not reflect the actual issuance date. For these 62, the notBefore date is some time between midnight and midnight on December 20th 2015, China time (+0800). (This pattern fits a system where code adjusted the date, but not the time, prior to issuance.) Here are five more examples: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Secondly, some certificates which are suspected to be backdated were issued at the same time as SHA-256 certificates for the same domain; the timestamps on the SHA-256 certificates are more likely to be the accurate ones. One example is for congfubao.com, where there is a SHA-256 cert with a notBefore of 5th January and an SCT timestamp of 5th January, 17 seconds later than the SCT timestamp in the backdated SHA-1 cert. The simplest explanation is that both certs were issued together, on January 5th. Other pairs include for ebank.pcnkbank.com (SHA-1, SHA-256) and mail.gd.gov.cn (SHA-1, SHA-256). Lastly, of the 62 suspect certs, there are three more certs with embedded SCTs where the gap between the notBefore date and the SCT date is multiple days (i.e. they were backdated, and this is cryptographically provable) but where the SCT date is nevertheless (just) before 1st January 2016, which means the backdating would not have the effect of avoiding browser blocks. Domain notBefore notAfter SCT Timestamp passport.huayingjuhe.com Dec 20 03:40:31 2015 GMT Dec 29 16:00:00 2016 GMT Dec 31 10:24:34 2015 GMT puxbao.com Dec 20 07:49:25 2015 GMT Dec 29 16:00:00 2016 GMT Dec 31 10:30:03 2015 GMT modai.cc Dec 20 12:02:09 2015 GMT Dec 29 16:00:00 2016 GMT Dec 31 10:20:17 2015 GMT The issuance of backdated certificates is not forbidden by Mozilla policy, but is included in Mozilla's list of Problematic Practices. It says "Minor tweaking for technical compatibility reasons is accepted, but backdating certificates in order to avoid some deadline or code-enforced restriction is not." The Baseline Requirements, section 7.1.3, say: Effective 1 January 2016, CAs MUST NOT issue any new Subscriber certificates or Subordinate CA certificates using the SHA‐1 hash algorithm. (Thanks to Thijs Alkemade of Computest for much of the information in this section.) WoSign Response This issue is covered in WoSign's final incident report. Of the 64 certificates they consider, WoSign attribute 6 to a dual-issuance bug, 9 they say are not problematic because they were issued on December 31st 2015, 2 are the mis-issued certs relating to Issue V, and the other 47 are "normal SHA-1 orders". Further Comments Mozilla is seeking further information on the details in WoSign's report and will make further comment at a later date. Issue T: alicdn.com Misissuance (June 2016) A certificate has been issued in June 2016 to alicdn.com which was not requested by the owner of that domain. The domains in question currently use certificates from Symantec. Cert on Github Gist Cert on crt.sh WoSign Response This issue is covered in WoSign's final incident report. WoSign assert that they completed the domain control checks correctly. Further Comments and Conclusion The owners of alicdn.com have confirmed directly to Mozilla that this incident was caused by an attacker being able to control content on their domain. We would have some concerns with how WoSign's systems validated website control. However, they no longer support this method. This "misissuance" was possible only because alicdn.com was, for some period of time, controlled by an attacker. Therefore, no blame can be attributed to WoSign for the misissuance itself. Issue V: StartEncrypt (July 2016) (a.k.a. "Issue 2") In July 2016, it became clear that there was some problems with the StartEncrypt automatic issuance service recently deployed by the CA StartCom. This was a StartCom-branded service and was not publicised as being able to issue certificates from WoSign. However, changing a simple API parameter in the POST request on the submission page changed the intermediate/root certificate to which the resulting certificate chained up. The value "2" made a certificate signed by "StartCom Class 1 DV Server CA", "1" selected "WoSign CA Free SSL Certificate G2" and "0" selected "CA 沃通根证书", another root certificate owned by WoSign and trusted by Firefox. A security investigator used the value "1", and acquired two certificates which had notBefore dates (usage start date) of 20th December 2015, and which were signed using the SHA-1 checksum algorithm. Cert 1, Cert 2. The issuance of certificates using SHA-1 has been banned by the Baseline Requirements since January 1st, 2016. Browsers, including Firefox, are enforcing this - in Firefox's case, for publicly-trusted CAs, since Firefox 48, released on 1st August 2016. The issuance of backdated certificates is not forbidden, but is included in Mozilla's list of Problematic Practices. It says "Minor tweaking for technical compatibility reasons is accepted, but backdating certificates in order to avoid some deadline or code-enforced restriction is not." WoSign deny that their code backdated the certificates in order to avoid browser-based restrictions - they say "this date is the day we stop to use this code". If that is true, it is not clear to us how StartCom came to be able to call WoSign code that WoSign itself had abandoned. The misissuance issue was not reported to Mozilla by WoSign as it should have been. Section 1 of the Mozilla CA Certificate Enforcement Policy says: "When a serious security concern is noticed, such as a major root compromise, it should be treated as a security-sensitive bug, and the Mozilla Policy for Handling Security Bugs should be followed." WoSign Response 2016-09-04: Official issue report. This issue is also covered in WoSign's final incident report. Further Comments and Conclusion This issue does not paint a picture of careful software development practices and quality assurance - having unused code around capable of issuing BR-violating certificates does not seem like responsible practice. The question of why StartCom was able to trigger certificate-issuance code which WoSign has stopped developing and maintaining is also still open. Issue X: Unpatched Software (September 2016) The first WoSign incident report, produced in response to other issues listed on this page, has a screenshot of a dig query from their validation server. The dig program is part of the bind-utils package, and the output of dig appears to show a bind-utils version of 9.7.3-8.P3.el6. The "el6" shows that this is a version built for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6. This version of bind-utils was released in December 2011 and so is very out of date. The next release of this package for EL6 following the one WoSign are using is bind-utils 9.7.3-8.P3.el6_2.1, which was released a little later in December 2011. The most recent version is 9.8.2-0.47.rc1.el6, which was released on the 10th of May 2016. There are 19 patched CVEs between the version WoSign is suspected of running and the current version. None of these CVEs are especially severe. However, if this software is in fact that far out of date (nearly five years), it raises questions about the overall patch level of their verification server and even their other infrastructure. WoSign's most recent audit used the "SSL Baseline With Network Security - Version 2.0" criteria. These criteria integrate two CA/Browser Forum Documents - the SSL BRs and the Network & Certificate Systems Security Requirements. A bullet on page 19 of the Network Security Requirements requires that "Recommended security patches are applied to Certificate Systems within six months of the security patch’s availability, unless the CA documents that the security patch would introduce additional vulnerabilities or instabilities that outweigh the benefits of applying the security patch." That appears not to be true of their version of bind, and so may well not be true of other more critical packages on their systems. We would expect the presence of badly outdated software and the lack of an appropriate patching regime to have been caught by WoSign's auditors. Thanks to Paul Pearce for his help with this issue. WoSign Response This issue has not yet been formally brought to WoSign's attention. Further Comments and Conclusion N/A. Cross Signing It is important background information to know which WoSign roots are cross-signed by other trusted or previously-trusted roots. The following unexpired and unrevoked cross-signatures are currently known: Target Source Source Owner Expiry Comments /C=CN/O=WoSign CA Limited/CN=CA 沃通根证书 /C=IL/O=StartCom Ltd./OU=Secure Digital Certificate Signing/CN=StartCom Certification Authority StartCom 2019-12-31T23:59:59Z /C=CN/O=WoSign CA Limited/CN=Certification Authority of WoSign /C=IL/O=StartCom Ltd./OU=Secure Digital Certificate Signing/CN=StartCom Certification Authority StartCom 2019-12-31T23:59:59Z /C=CN/O=WoSign CA Limited/CN=Certification Authority of WoSign G2 /C=PL/O=Unizeto Sp. z o.o./CN=Certum CA Asseco Data Systems S.A. 2020-11-02T01:01:59Z /C=CN/O=WoSign CA Limited/CN=Certification Authority of WoSign G2 /C=PL/O=Unizeto Sp. z o.o./CN=Certum CA Asseco Data Systems S.A. 2020-11-02T01:59:59Z /C=CN/O=WoSign CA Limited/CN=Certification Authority of WoSign /C=US/ST=UT/L=Salt Lake City/O=The USERTRUST Network/OU=http://www.usertrust.com/CN=UTN - DATACorp SGC Comodo 2019-06-24T19:06:30Z Rob Stradling of Comodo writes: "This cross-certificate is currently unexpired and unrevoked. However, the 'UTN - DATACorp SGC' root was removed from NSS last year. 'UTN - DATACorp SGC' was also cross-certified by the 'AddTrust External CA Root' root, but we revoked the cross-certificates in December 2015." /C=CN/O=WoSign CA Limited/CN=Certification Authority of WoSign /C=US/ST=UT/L=Salt Lake City/O=The USERTRUST Network/OU=http://www.usertrust.com/CN=UTN-USERFirst-Object Comodo 2019-07-09T18:40:36Z Rob Stradling of Comodo writes: "These two cross-certificates are currently unexpired and unrevoked. However, the 'UTN-USERFirst-Object' root is only enabled for the Code Signing trust bit in NSS. There are 2 cross-certs (currently unconstrained and unrevoked) issued by 'AddTrust External CA Root' to 'UTN-USERFirst-Object'. However, the cross-certs issued to WoSign are EKU-constrained to Code Signing/Time Stamping." Retrieved from "https://wiki.mozilla.org/index.php?title=CA:WoSign_Issues&oldid=1149279" Navigation menu Personal tools Log in Request account Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Product releases New pages Recent changes Recent uploads Popular pages Random page Help How to Contribute All-hands meeting Other meetings Contribute to Mozilla Mozilla Reps Student Ambassadors MozillaWiki News About Team Policies Releases @MozillaWiki Report a wiki bug Around Mozilla Mozilla Support Mozilla Developer Network Planet Mozilla Mozilla Blog Webmaker Research Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Import an Etherpad Browse properties Privacy policy About MozillaWiki Mobile view
Difference between revisions of "Global Search Strategy Status" From MozillaWiki Jump to: navigation, search Latest revision as of 09:01, 26 September 2016 (view source) EJ (Talk | contribs) (Created page with "'''Mozilla Firefox Global Search Strategy Status''' Search is a core part of the online experience for everyone — Firefox users alone search the Web more than 100 billion...")   (No difference) Latest revision as of 09:01, 26 September 2016 Mozilla Firefox Global Search Strategy Status Search is a core part of the online experience for everyone — Firefox users alone search the Web more than 100 billion times per year. So, a quality search experience is important to our users and to us, and each of our search agreements is the result of a competitive process reflective of the value that Firefox brings to the ecosystem. With respect to products, we are focused on innovation and delivering a market leading Web experience that we can be proud of and that users love. We entered into a new search strategy at the end of 2014 to control our own destiny and to diversify the user experience and competitive landscape of Web search globally. We announced Yahoo as our default Firefox search provider in the US, as well as continued search relationships with Baidu, Yandex and others globally. Firefox users can easily choose to change their search provider from a number of pre-installed alternatives. These choices include Microsoft Bing, Google, DuckDuckGo, Amazon, Twitter, Wikipedia and many other regional search providers. Updates on regional Firefox search providers: Baidu Baidu continues to be the default search experience for Firefox in China. Google Having used Google since 2004 as the default search provider in Firefox worldwide, when we started a review of our default search providers in 2014 we paused our revenue relationship. After this review period, we decided that the default search providers would be Yahoo in the US, Baidu in China, Yandex in Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Ukraine, and Turkey, and Google for the rest of the world. We have completed partnerships with each of these providers. Following our review in 2014, Google remained the default provider outside the US, Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Turkey, China, and other regions where we had search agreements. It took a short period of time to complete a revised partnership with Google, during which there was no revenue relationship. Yahoo We worked together with Yahoo to deliver a new search product for Firefox users in the US when we began the relationship. Today, there is room for improvement in the search product and we’ve been working closely with Yahoo on that. The agreement with Yahoo (announced in 2014) allowed for expansion to more regions outside the U.S. We will soon add Yahoo as the default Firefox search provider in Hong Kong and Taiwan where the Yahoo brand is strong and local testing in the regions demonstrated a positive user experience. Yandex Yandex Search became the default search experience for Firefox in Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan and Ukraine in 2014 and Turkey in 2015. Retrieved from "https://wiki.mozilla.org/index.php?title=Global_Search_Strategy_Status&oldid=1149286" Navigation menu Personal tools Log in Request account Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Product releases New pages Recent changes Recent uploads Popular pages Random page Help How to Contribute All-hands meeting Other meetings Contribute to Mozilla Mozilla Reps Student Ambassadors MozillaWiki News About Team Policies Releases @MozillaWiki Report a wiki bug Around Mozilla Mozilla Support Mozilla Developer Network Planet Mozilla Mozilla Blog Webmaker Research Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Import an Etherpad Browse properties This page was last modified on 26 September 2016, at 09:01. This page has been accessed 61 times. Privacy policy About MozillaWiki Mobile view
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV September 26 GOOG: 774.21 -12.69 Official-looking render of the 4K Chromecast Ultra leaks Stephen Hall - 2 months ago @hallstephenj Chromecast Chromecast Ultra View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit It looks like the faucet of Google leaks is opening even wider this morning, and the latest leak is a full-size official-looking render of the previously-leaked Chromecast Ultra straight from the man Evan Blass himself. As you can see above, it looks a lot like the current Chromecast… An Android Police report from early this month first told us of the 4K Chromecast, which is set to launch alongside new Pixel phones, Google Home, Google Wifi, and more hardware products. A later report from just a few days ago revealed that the device will cost $69, which Blass seems to confirm. A person familiar with the company’s plans confirmed an Android Police report that the device will be marketed as the Chromecast Ultra. Tipped to run firmware version 1.21 at retail, the Ultra will allegedly be sold alongside the existing high definition Chromecast dongle, released last year. While many speculated that the device would have more than just Chromecast capabilities considering its higher price, it appears — based on this render — that the Chromecast Ultra will be just a more equipped Chromecast as its name suggests. It looks slightly bigger, but maintains the current form factor. More information is sure to come in the next week as October 4th draws nearer, so stay tuned. Guides Chromecast View THe Guide Chromecast Ultra View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Tech Cybersecurity Someone may have hacked dozens of university websites for a gambling SEO scheme New, 1 comment by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom Sep 26, 2016, 12:29pm EDT share tweet Linkedin People will do crazy things to get to the top of the "real money slots" search rankings. Last week, researchers at eTraffic uncovered a scheme that sent a certain site rocketing up the organic search rankings. When eTraffic investigated, 76 different university and foundation web pages — including Stanford, New York University, and Carnegie Mellon University — had suddenly begun linking to the site, each randomly inserting linked keywords into otherwise unrelated text. Because Google’s search ranking is still largely based on keyword links from trusted sites, that was enough to propel the site to the top of the search ranking. All told, 76 sites included the links, primarily university sites throughout the world. The links are often embedded mid-sentence in course descriptions and press releases, and four days after eTraffic published its findings, many of the links are still present on the affected sites. It’s not clear how those links arrived on the site, but it seems very unlikely that the host institutions put them there. Hacking seems far more plausible, particularly given the number of known vulnerabilities in popular blogging plugins likely to have been used on the site. "People will always take the next step to bypass Google." eTraffic declined to identify the offending site, but said it was an affiliate site for slot machine websites — essentially a clearinghouse for paid links to online gambling businesses. That’s a crucial part of the puzzle, since online gambling is one of the few areas where search traffic is lucrative enough to make such a hack worthwhile. For a term like "online real money slots," ad revenue can be as high as $80 per click. "There is so much money involved in the online gambling industry, people will always take the next step to bypass Google," said eTraffic CEO Guy Regev, who uncovered the scheme. It’s a new spin on the classic question of how a criminal can turn a compromised site into actual money. At $80 a click, driving traffic to gambling sites is far more lucrative than spreading malware, especially since the university sites have high SEO prestige but relatively low traffic. Source: eTraffic More From The Verge Sand's End Facebook won’t call itself a media company. Here’s how it can still support journalism Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon suggests having too many Asian tech CEOs undermines ‘civic society’ Facebook's Like button is a built-in filter bubble Your life will be a video game Supported By Consider the PS4 Pro before you buy that expensive gaming PC Now Trending Microsoft Surface Studio review: a beautiful invader of Apple's base Sand's End Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon suggests having too many Asian tech CEOs undermines ‘civic society’ This Article has a component height of 10. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Microsoft Gaming Tech Microsoft cuts top Xbox One games by 40% in Black Friday deals by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is unveiling its Black Friday deals for the Xbox One today. New Xbox One games like Battlefield 1, FIFA 17, Titanfall 2, and even Overwatch are all being discounted by up to 40 percent. Battlefield is available for $40.19 until November... US & World Tech Cybersecurity UK hackers use customer mobile data to steal their upgrade phones by James Vincent@jjvincent Hackers have accessed a database of customer information belonging to one of the UK’s biggest mobile carriers, Three. According to a report from The Telegraph, the company said the database included names, phone numbers, addresses, and dates of... New, 0 comments Circuit Breaker Tech This Panasonic megaphone automatically translates commands into multiple languages by Sam Byford@345triangle Japanese businesses are finding they need to deal with increasing numbers of foreign visitors to Japan, and Panasonic thinks it has the answer: a megaphone that translates the user’s voices into multiple languages. The Megahonyaku, which is a... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Amazon Amazon is rolling out Alexa-only shopping deals by Lauren Goode@LaurenGoode Amazon has already stoked the holiday consumption fire by rolling out a bunch of deals well ahead of Black Friday, but this weekend’s shopping opportunity comes with a giant catch: starting November 18 and running through the 21st, certain deals... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Facebook Obama criticizes the spread of fake news on Facebook by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton President Obama took time during a press conference today to assail the spread of fake news online, particularly the way it travels on Facebook. “In an age where there’s so much active misinformation and it’s packaged very well and it looks the... Circuit Breaker Apple Mobile Apple launches repair program for iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ flaw by Nick Statt@nickstatt Apple has launched a new repair program for a widely reported on iPhone 6 Plus hardware malfunction known as “touch disease,” which renders the touchscreen useless and manifests as a thin grey line at the top the display. According to Apple,... New, 18 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Alphabet just saved the journalist who was hit by a 'record' cyberattack Paul Szoldra Sep. 26, 2016, 12:22 PM 20,922 facebook linkedin twitter email print Brian Krebs/@briankrebs Alphabet just stepped in with its massive server infrastructure to run interference for journalist Brian Krebs. Last week, Krebs' site, Krebs On Security, was hit by a massive distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack that took it offline, the likes of which was a "record" that was nearly double the traffic his host Akamai had previously seen in cyberattacks. Now just days later, Krebs is back online behind the protection of Alphabet, which offers a little-known program called Project Shield to help protect independent journalists and activists' websites from censorship. And in the case of Krebs, the DDoS attack was certainly that: The attempt to take his site down was in response to his recent reporting on a website called vDOS, a service allegedly created by two Israeli men that would carry out cyberattacks on behalf of paying customers. Soon after Krebs reported on the site, the two men were arrested and the site was taken offline. "Why do I speak of DDoS attacks as a form of censorship?" Krebs asks in a post on Sunday. "Quite simply because the economics of mitigating large-scale DDoS attacks do not bode well for protecting the individual user, to say nothing of independent journalists." Krebs didn't fault Akamai for pulling the plug on his site. The company was hosting him for free, and in the face of a massive DDoS attack, made a business decision, since hosting had not only interrupted Krebs site, but other paying customers. Created in Alphabet's (Google's parent company) in-house technology incubator Jigsaw, Project Shield helps independent news organizations, along with human rights and election monitoring sites that are frequently targeted in cyberattacks — the idea being that small websites don't have the money or tech to counter such an influx of traffic. So instead of letting them be taken offline and silenced, Project Shield keeps them online. Since last Tuesday, Krebs' site had been under sustained distributed denial-of-service, or DDoS, a crude method of flooding a website with traffic to deny legitimate users from being able to access it. The assault flooded Krebs' site with more than 620 gigabits per second of traffic. To put it more plainly: It's the digital equivalent of jamming a bunch of gunk into a drain pipe. Eventually, water won't be able to pass through. Now he's back online, though it's unclear whether he is still under assault over at Google. "I sincerely hope we can address this problem before it’s too late," Krebs wrote. "And I’m deeply grateful for the overwhelming outpouring of support and solidarity that I’ve seen and heard from so many readers over the past few days. Thank you." This post was updated to reflect Jigsaw's place as an Alphabet project. SEE ALSO: America's spies have their own version of Wikipedia — here's what it looks like NOW WATCH: Here's how Donald Trump can function on barely any sleep — and why you shouldn't copy him Loading video... More: Brian Krebs DDoS attacks Hackers Google Project Shield Cybersecurity DDoS Distributed denial of service Akamai KrebsOnSecurity Websites Censorship facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Alphabet just saved the journalist who was hit by a 'record' cyberattack Alphabet just saved the journalist who was hit by a 'record' cyberattack Alphabet just stepped in with its massive... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Gadgets News Worst Gadget Recalls of All Time by Don Reisinger Sep 26, 2016, 8:44 AM Latest in Gadgets News Apple Closer to Taking on Echo with Siri-Powered Speaker by Philip Michaels Sep 23, 2016, 8:50 AM Review Star Trek Bluetooth Communicator Couldn't Be Cooler by Marshall Honorof Sep 13, 2016, 2:08 PM News This Location-Aware Button Reinvents Notifications by Andrew E. Freedman Sep 8, 2016, 9:46 AM News PicoBrew Home Brewing Kit Ready to Tap Into Retail by Philip Michaels Sep 5, 2016, 8:05 AM News Acer's Pawbo+ Lets You Spy on Your Pets' Secret Lives by Philip Michaels Aug 31, 2016, 5:48 PM News Onyx is the Walkie-Talkie of the Future by Althea Chang Aug 26, 2016, 7:04 AM When Product Launches Go Wrong Picture 1 of 22 Innovation is not with risk. With companies trying to push the envelope of what's possible, rush a product to market to jump on a new trend or simply turn to the wrong manufacturing partner, some products are going to stumble out of the gate. And when those stumble become severe ones, that's when product recalls happen. Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 is the most high-profile example of a recalled product. But it's certainly not the first to be yanked off the shelves when trouble flared up. Here's a look at some of the biggest technology recalls in recent memory. Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Picture 2 of 22 Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 is one of the biggest — and perhaps most embarrassing — technology recalls in history. Samsung’s smartphone, which launched in August, suffered from a manufacturing problem that caused its battery to overheat and explode. A whopping 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7s worldwide were recalled, and Samsung is now working on getting the replacements to customers. (If you've got a Note 7, you should exchange it as soon as possible.) Reports claim Samsung may have rushed the Note 7 to store shelves in hopes of beating Apple's iPhone 7 to the punch. Hoverboards Burn Up Picture 3 of 22 Hoverboards were all the rage during the holidays last year — until they started to blow up. Soon after customers bought hoverboards from several vendors, they found that their new gadgets would overheat and spontaneously explode. The hoverboards were subsequently banned from flying and retailers around the world issued recalls and refunds. The problem centered on larger-than-allowed battery packs that would overheat. But at least they were fun. Nest Smoke Detectors Picture 4 of 22 Google’s Nest had some egg on its face in 2014 when the company announced that it recalled 440,000 Nest Protect smoke detectors. Nest, which Google bought for $3.2 billion that same year, said that the smoke detectors had a defect that caused them to turn off without user intervention. That could have resulted in the alarm not actually alerting owners when smoke or carbon monoxide was detected in the room, according to the company. Fotunately, the problem has since been fixed. McDonald's Fitness Trackers Picture 5 of 22 Ealier this year, McDonald’s recalled more than 30 million fitness trackers it had sold with Happy Meals across the U.S. The fitness trackers, called Step It, were supposed to help kids stay active. Instead, due to a manufacturing defect, the fitness trackers could heat up and cause skin irritations or burns to a child’s wrists. The recall came just a week after McDonald’s pulled them from its Happy Meals. Apple's Beats Pill XL Picture 6 of 22 Last year, it was Apple’s turn to recall products from a company it bought, when it announced a defect in the Beats Pill XL portable speakers. About 220,000 Pill XL speakers were recalled after Apple received word that a small number of the devices were overheating. One person was said to have suffered a burn to their finger, and another contended the Pill XL burned up their desk. Apple offered a $325 Apple Store credit for the flaw. Apple's Travel Adapters Picture 7 of 22 Earlier in 2016, Apple recalled its World Travel Adapter Kit. The kit, which featured adapters for users to employ around the world, was said to have caused shocks to a dozen users overseas. Users claimed the adapters broke and zapped them, with three of the incidents resulted in medical evaluations; no one was seriously injured. Canon’s Allergic Cameras Picture 8 of 22 Canon was forced to issue a recall in 2012 after it was determined that more than 68,000 EOS Rebel T4i digital cameras caused an allergic reaction in some users. The recall occurred after a single incident was reported of a person developing a “minor rash” from a chemical in the camera’s rubber grips. That was enough for Canon to recall the camera model. A Bevy of Liquidated Items Picture 9 of 22 Best Buy and several companies and liquidators were forced to recall a slew of products they had been trying to sell quickly. The recall involved 10 different products, including the Canon EOS Rebel T4i digital camera and Coby televisions, which all suffered from a variety of potential risks. Best Buy and liquidators were ordered to immediately stop selling the products and issue a recall. HP’s AC Power Cords Picture 10 of 22 Before HP was split in two, the company faced a widespread recall in 2014. In August of that year, HP and the Consumer Product Safety Commission announced the recall of approximately 6 million notebook AC power cords. The recall resulted from an investigation that found the cords could overheat and cause a fire or burn hazard. HP offered a free replacement on any affected power cords. Dell's Batteries Picture 11 of 22 In 2006, Dell announced that it was recalling more than 4 million battery packs offered in many of its notebook lines, including the Latitude, Inspiron, XPS, and Precision. The company said that the battery packs compatible with the computers and manufactured by Sony were liable to overheat and become a fire hazard. Both Sony and Dell worked together to address the problem and offered all customers a replacement battery at no charge. Nvidia's Shield Tablet Picture 12 of 22 The Nvidia Shield Tablet posed a fire hazard last year when the graphics chip maker announced that the lithium-ion batteries in its tablet could overheat. As with other gadget makers, Nvidia said that its batteries posed a fire hazard, noting four incidents of batteries overheating due to “thermal runway.” With modest sales, though, just 88,000 Nvidia Shields were affected. Panasonic's Laptop Battery Packs Picture 13 of 22 Earlier this year, Panasonic recalled its six-cell lithium-ion battery packs for its CF-S10 Series laptops. The company said the battery packs had a conductive foreign material that was somehow mixed into the battery cells during manufacturing. No incidents occurred, but it was possible the batteries could have malfunctioned and caught fire. Perhaps the biggest revelation from the recall was how few CF-S10 Series laptops had been sold: about 500 computers across the U.S. and Canada were recalled. Lorex Baby Monitors Picture 14 of 22 No one likes the idea of a baby getting injured by electronics, but it potentially could have happened with Lorex Care ‘N’ Share Video Baby Monitors. In July, the company said that the batteries offered in its monitors could overheat and swell and — under certain conditions — cause the battery cover to pop off. If children touched the exposed battery, they could risk a serious burn. The issue was surprisingly widespread, with 488 incidents reported. Approximately 34,000 monitors across the U.S. and Canada were recalled. Surface Pro AC Power Cords Picture 15 of 22 Microsoft’s Surface Pro was the subject of a recall earlier this year, when Microsoft said that the device’s power cord could overheat. Microsoft said it had received 56 reports of its Surface Pro’s power cord overheating and emitting flames. Soon after, the company recalled 2.25 million power cords across the U.S. on all Surface Pro, Surface Pro 2, and Surface Pro 3 computers sold before March 15, 2015. Red Ring of Death Picture 16 of 22 Who can forget the Xbox 360’s Red Ring of Death? A problem that ran amok in far too many gamers’ homes, the Red Ring of Death would leave the Xbox 360 paralyzed. Reports have swirled over the years on exactly what caused the Red Ring of Death, but the Xbox 360 bricking was likely the cause of many odd occurrences. Regardless, Microsoft dutifully offered replacements whenever customers’ Xbox 360s were plagued by the irreversible bricking. Some Xbox 360 gamers still report their console suffering from the Red Ring of Death. Samsung Can't Reach 911 Picture 17 of 22 Long before the Galaxy Note 7 launched, Samsung in 2009 was forced to recall approximately 160,000 flip phones. The recall came after an investigation revealed that when the Samsung “Jitterbug” flip phones were in a no-service area, they’d be incapable of dialing emergency 911 services. While no one reported being affected by the flaw, Samsung quickly fixed it. Battery Problems for Lenovo Picture 18 of 22 Lenovo was yet another victim of troubled notebook batteries. The PC maker in 2014 was forced to recall approximately 35,000 battery packs in the U.S. after it discovered that they were overheating and causing damage to both the computer and the battery itself. While no injuries were reported, Lenovo erred on the side of cation and replaced the battery packs for ThinkPad notebooks sold between October 2010 and April 2011. Sony Vaio Notebooks Picture 19 of 22 In a blow to Sony, the company said in 2010 that it would recall approximately 233,000 Vaio notebooks over concerns that the computers would overheat and pose a burn hazard to users. Sony was quick to note that no injuries occurred, but 30 units suffered from overheating that caused “deformed keyboards and casings.” The Vaio computers in question were sold at several top retailers, including Best Buy, Costco and Amazon. Adobe's High-Powered Magnets Picture 20 of 22 In an odd recall, Adobe said in 2013 that it was recalling about 500 promotion material packages. The package included “high-powered magnets” that, if swallowed, could link inside a child’s intestines and cause obstructions. The magnets could have caused everything from sepsis to death. Adobe itself didn’t receive reports of injuries, but the same magnets were said to have been the culprits in 80 separate incidents. All but one of those incidents required people to seek medical intervention. Denon’s Wireless Speaker Battery Packs Picture 21 of 22 Denon’s HEOS 1 Go rechargeable battery packs found their way into approximately 3,400 wireless speakers. The battery packs, which are hexagon-shaped and have four blue LED lights and a power button, were the only components to be recalled; the wireless speakers themselves weren't affected. When Product Launches Go Wrong Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Hoverboards Burn Up Nest Smoke Detectors McDonald's Fitness Trackers Apple's Beats Pill XL Apple's Travel Adapters Canon’s Allergic Cameras A Bevy of Liquidated Items HP’s AC Power Cords Dell's Batteries Nvidia's Shield Tablet Panasonic's Laptop Battery Packs Lorex Baby Monitors Surface Pro AC Power Cords Red Ring of Death Samsung Can't Reach 911 Battery Problems for Lenovo Sony Vaio Notebooks Adobe's High-Powered Magnets Denon’s Wireless Speaker Battery Packs About the author Don Reisinger Read more Gadgets Apple Samsung Microsoft Latest in Gadgets Best Picks Best Smart Thermostats 2016 Deals Best Buy Black Friday 2016: Here Are the 13 Best Deals by Don Reisinger Nov 16, 2016, 2:24 PM News This New Smartwatch Runs on Body Heat by Althea Chang Nov 15, 2016, 6:58 AM Round-Up Best Portable Chargers and Battery Packs by Henry T. Casey Nov 14, 2016, 11:49 AM News Intel's 500-Drone Light Show Puts Your Xmas Lights to Shame by Althea Chang Nov 7, 2016, 1:15 PM News This Cork Speaker Will Get You Drunk on Tunes by Tom’s Guide Staff Nov 3, 2016, 7:00 AM News These Puma Shoes Tie Themselves with Push of a Button by Althea Chang Nov 1, 2016, 9:26 AM Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Laptop General Discussion forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish No comments yet Your comment Comment Firstname Submit The Latest On Tom’s Guide News 8 mn Pokémon Sun vs. Moon: Which is Right for You? News 34 mn These Star Wars Drones Will Fulfill Your Fantasies News 2 hr Want Good Amazon Deals This Weekend? Talk to Alexa News 13 hr Want to Cure Your iPhone's Touch Disease? Pay Apple $14... News 14 hr You Can Now Stream PlayStation Vue on Apple TV Review 16 hr Best Photo Cards 2016 Deals 16 hr Best Tech Deals: Save $22 on our favorite Logitech gami... Round-Up 16 hr 30 NES Classic Games Ranked Best to Worst Round-Up 16 hr Best VR-Ready Desktops and Laptops 2016 Best Picks 17 hr Best TVs 2016 News 17 hr Apps Crash More on iPhone Than Android: Report News 17 hr Virtual, Augmented Realities Merge with Linq Headset Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2016 Purch All Rights Reserved.
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Google ‘Pixel 3’ laptop running Andromeda OS planned for 2017 Max Langridge26 September 2016Laptops Android Police Google's first laptop First laptop to run Andromeda OS Q3 2017 launch date Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google could launch its first ever laptop towards the end of 2017, at least that’s according to sources speaking to Android Police. The laptop will also be the first device to come running Google’s new Andromeda operating system. The project is known internally as ‘Bison’ but has also been referred to as Pixel 3, following in the footsteps of the Pixel Chromebook and Pixel C tablet. Made by Google: What to expect at Google's 4 October Pixel event The Pixel 3 is expected to stray from Google’s Chromebook series and will be marketed as a laptop instead, presumably because of the Andromeda OS which merges the best Chrome features with Android into one platform. Android Police has stressed that details of the Pixel 3 should be taken with a very large pinch of salt because anything could change between now and the expected Q3 2017 launch. However 9to5Google.com has also confirmed the laptop’s existence and has said Andromeda will also launch on a Huawei-made Nexus tablet - which is a separate story - although it’s not clear when this will be unveiled. The laptop is expected to be incredibly thin and feature a 12.3in display, which could double up as a tablet. Whether it will be a 2-in-1 laptop/detachable tablet hybrid or a laptop with a flexible hinge remains to be seen. Power should come from either an Intel i3 or i5 processor with 32GB or 128GB of onboard storage and either 8 or 16GB of RAM. The specs lend to suggest there’ll be two models of Pixel 3 laptop, presumably one for media hoarders and one for those who want to do general web surfing. The rumours suggest Google really is going all out with the Pixel 3, as it will come with a backlit keyboard and a glass trackpad with haptic and force detection, putting it in the firing line of the MacBook, especially when you consider its planned 10mm thickness. Other features are expected to include a fingerprint scanner, two USB Type-C ports, stylus support, quad microphones, stereo speakers and a 10 hour battery life. If the rumours are true, the Pixel 3 could be a genuine contender for the Apple MacBook, especially as it’s predicted to severely undercut the price. The Pixel 3 could arrive with a $799 price tag with a Wacom stylus being available to buy separately. Google might launch a new 'Google Wi-Fi' router at October event Google Pixel vs Pixel XL: What's the rumoured difference? Google will unveil two new Pixel smartphones at an event next week, the Pixel and Pixel XL, both of which will come running Android 7.1 Nougat. Sections Google Android Laptops Apps Via: Android Police Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: A touch of brilliance or totally brainless? Five great deals in the GearBest 11.11 sale Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile... Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: A touch of brilliance or totally brainless? Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile device Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook Pro Lenovo Yoga Book review: A keyless laptop from the future... that's stuck in the past Dell made its own Surface Studio-like PC with dual screens and a Dial Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy now Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Thunderbolt 3 explained: The one port to rule them all Windows 10 Creators Update: 6 new features Microsoft didn't announce Virgin Media TiVo 2: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know about the 4K V6 box OnePlus 4: What's the story so far? How to watch Amazon Video on your Android phone or tablet When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Best Black Friday UK phone deals: Apple, Samsung, Android phone deals galore Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Black Friday UK smartwatch deals: The best smartwatch deals online Best Black Friday UK games deals: Amazing PS4, Xbox One and Nintendo deals Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
null
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Lifestyle Tech Features Dial review: Six months with will.i.am's 'smart cuff' wrist computer Software updates have made the little 'cuff' into something useable as well as wearable David Phelan Monday 26 September 2016 16:33 BST Some gadgets get better with age. New operating software arrives as if by magic to provide extra features, sort glitches and even sometimes enhance battery life, for instance. The musician will.i.am earlier this year released what he calls a smart cuff. I tried it out when it was in its final stages before release in the Spring. I’m still using it now and it’s transformed out of all recognition. It’s called the dial and it’s proving to be a canny little device, especially if you like music. Unlike most wearable devices, the dial has a sim card inside it, so you don’t need a smartphone alongside it, unlike the Apple Watch, for instance. Gadgets and tech news in pictures 40 show all Gadgets and tech news in pictures 1/40 Singulato Motors co-founder and CEO Shen Haiyin poses in his company's concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 2/40 Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 Reuters 3/40 The interior of Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 4/40 A picture shows Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 5/40 Connected company president Shigeki Tomoyama addresses a press briefing as he elaborates on Toyota's "connected strategy" in Tokyo. The Connected company is a part of seven Toyota in-house companies that was created in April 2016 Getty 6/40 A Toyota Motors employee demonstrates a smartphone app with the company's pocket plug-in hybrid (PHV) service on the cockpit of the latest Prius hybrid vehicle during Toyota's "connected strategy" press briefing in Tokyo Getty 7/40 An exhibitor charges the battery cells of AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 8/40 A robot with a touch-screen information apps stroll down the pavillon at the Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 9/40 Robotic fishes swim in a water glass tank displayed at the Korea pavillon during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 10/40 An exhibitor demonstrates the AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 11/40 Visitors look at television monitors by Samsung Electronics during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty 12/40 An employee shows a Samsung Electronics' Gear S3 Classic during Korea Electronics Show 2016 in Seoul, South Korea Reuters 13/40 Visitors experience Samsung Electronics' Gear VR during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty 14/40 Visitors experience Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge devices during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty 15/40 A woman looks at the Apple iPhone 7 at a telecom shop in Seoul, South Korea Getty 16/40 People buy new iPhone models at a telecom shop in Seoul, South Korea Getty 17/40 People wait in line to buy new iPhone models at a telecom shop in Seoul, South Korea Getty 18/40 Amy Rimmer, Research Engineer at Jaguar Land Rover, demonstrates the car manufacturer's Advanced Highway Assist in a Range Rover, which drives the vehicle, overtakes and can detect vehicles in the blind spot, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 19/40 Ford EEBL Emergency Electronic Brake Lights is demonstrated during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA 20/40 Chris Burbridge, Autonomous Driving Software Engineer for Tata Motors European Technical Centre, demonstrates the car manufacturer's GLOSA V2X functionality, which is connected to the traffic lights and shares information with the driver, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 21/40 Full-scale model of 'Kibo' on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan EPA 22/40 Miniatures on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan. In its facilities, JAXA develop satellites and analyse their observation data, train astronauts for utilization in the Japanese Experiment Module 'Kibo' of the International Space Station (ISS) and develop launch vehicles EPA 23/40 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to the music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight. At this biennial event, the participating companies exhibit their latest service robotic technologies and components Getty 24/40 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight Getty 25/40 Government and industry are working together on a robot-like autopilot system that could eliminate the need for a second human pilot in the cockpit AP 26/40 Aurora Flight Sciences' technicians work on an Aircrew Labor In-Cockpit Automantion System (ALIAS) device in the firm's Centaur aircraft at Manassas Airport in Manassas, Va. AP 27/40 Flight Simulator Stefan Schwart and Udo Klingenberg preparing a self-built flight simulator to land at Hong Kong airport, from Rostock, Germany EPA 28/40 Flight Simulator In recent months, computer specialists of the project MV-IT systems have built a Boeing 737-800 cockpit and reconstructed part of the cabin with 15 seats. The simulator will be officially opened on October 19, 2016 and able to 'land' at over 20,000 airfields in different weather conditions and at all times and seasons EPA 29/40 PlayStation VR The launch of PlayStation VR at the GAME Digital Westfield White City midnight launch GAME Digital 30/40 PlayStation VR An elated customer at the launch of PlayStation VR at the GAME Digital Westfield White City midnight launch. GAME Digital 31/40 PlayStation VR Customers wait in line to buy the Sony PlayStation virtual reality (PSVR) headset at the entrance of an electronics retail shop before its opening hours in Tokyo Getty 32/40 PlayStation VR The launch of PlayStation VR at the GAME Digital Westfield White City midnight launch. GAME Digital 33/40 PlayStation VR Customers make a line to buy Sony PlayStation's virtual reality (PSVR) headset at an electronics retail shop in Tokyo Getty 34/40 Samsung Note 7 returns Customers return their Samsung Note 7 mobile phones at a dealership in Seoul, South Korea Getty 35/40 Samsung Note 7 returns An employee checks exchanged Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Note 7 at company's headquarters in Seoul, South Korea Reuters 36/40 LUTZ Pathfinder pods Technicians look at data as a driverless pod is tested in Milton Keynes, Britain Reuters 37/40 LUTZ Pathfinder pods The driverless pod during testing in Milton Keynes, Britain Reuters 38/40 LUTZ Pathfinder pods A journalist operates a driverless pod during testing in Milton Keynes, Britain Reuters 39/40 CYBATHLON Championship for Athletes with Disabilities Eric Anselmo wearing an electrode skull cap as he trains with team members for the brain-computer interface (BCI) race competition of the first Cybathlon event in St-Sulpice near Lausanne, Switzerland EPA 40/40 CYBATHLON Championship for Athletes with Disabilities During the brain-computer interface (BCI) race, paraplegic pilots control their avatars in a computer game through special brain-to-computer interfaces EPA I wouldn’t recommend ditching your phone altogether – though you can make and receive calls on the dial, if you really must, or via the funky Bluetooth headphones which come supplied. Also, though you can read an email on the cuff’s small screen (it measures 1.63 inches), composing a reply is easier on a bigger touchscreen. To be clear, there is a touch-sensitive keyboard on the dial’s screen but it’s pretty small. I have typed several text messages on it and the best approach is to place your finger extremely carefully on the letter you’re after. It’s certainly possible but it’s not comfortable for any length of time. Still, there’s a row of predicted words to choose from which speeds things up and, better, a microphone so you can dictate your message. But the dial is nothing if not versatile. Speaking to it invokes Aneeda, a voice-activated personal assistant. Aneeda speaks with a cut-glass British accent but her dialogue is quite transatlantic. The result is quite appealing, if a little jarring. Request that Aneeda plays music by Adele and she’ll reply, “I be rockin’ them beats”. Ask her to play music and she’ll ask “What kind of stuff you wanna hear?” Read more will.i.am reveals dial - his new smart wrist device Music works tremendously on the dial, not least because when you buy it, it comes with a mobile contract from Three. This is important because the tariff includes a free subscription to the i.am+ music service. Since that costs £9.99 from Spotify or Apple Music, this is not to be sniffed at. What’s more, that data usage of streaming music on the dial is also included in the tariff, as long as you’re streaming it in the UK. Tariffs start at £23 a month, with an upfront cost of £49 for the dial. Note that you can buy the dial on pay-as-you-go but the upfront cost jumps to £359.99. There’s an extensive library of music though as with other services, some black spots. Don’t, whatever you do, ask Aneeda to play Send in the Clowns as the two versions offered, including one by Bryan Ferry, are astonishingly bad. It’s a small point – I can’t see Stephen Sondheim rockin’ them beats on a dial. Music playback through the headphones sounds great and the cans are cleverly designed so that when you take them off they can hang round your neck – a magnet snaps them together. The dial has GPS built in, and it can give you walking, driving and public transport directions easily – the mapping information comes from the excellent Here Maps. I found that I only wanted to use Maps sparingly because GPS canes the battery, as it does on every smartphone. i.am+ knows this because it makes you go into settings to turn the GPS on each time. That’s fine, but I’d have liked to have been able to ask Aneeda to turn it on and off rather than my having to dive into the settings menu. Battery life, by the way, has got better and better. In the early days I found that if I was in a poor signal area, the battery didn’t last long. But in high-signal areas like cities for instance, it lasts almost a full day, even with a decent amount of music streaming. The battery for the dial is cunningly all in the back half of the cuff, so it’s easy to unclip and replace with a spare if you do run low. Obviously it would be better if the battery lasted longer but it’s not bad. One area which really could be improved is the time it takes for the display to activate when you raise your wrist. When you do, the screen stays blank for around two seconds, by which time you presume your wrist twist wasn’t registered and start doing the whole manoeuvre again. As you turn the dial away from you to restart the process, the screen invariably illuminates. Of course, when you’re used to it you know what to expect but compared to rivals like the Apple Watch this is way too slow. And with other watches, like the Samsung Gear S3 having the time displayed constantly, it makes the dial look less inviting. There are other limitations. Although the dial is very good at setting an alarm, it won’t yet set a timer – which is particularly handy if you’re cooking, say and don’t want to get oily fingers on your smartphone. I’m told this feature will follow. The Aneeda voice operating system is pretty slick and even has some capabilities when it comes to follow-up questions. It’s up to date, able to read me news stories when I asked “What’s the latest on Brexit?” The dial also has features rarely found on other gadgets, such as a camera designed for selfies. Smart watches and devices like the dial are becoming more popular. With new models just released or in the offing from Samsung and Apple, the dial needs to find its niche before it can find its feet (or wrist perhaps). I’d say that the classy Bluetooth headphones and the clever music-encompassing tariff from Three may be the ways for the dial to succeed. More about: Dial Will.I.Am Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot November 18, 2016 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Reliable search volume data: a glimmer of hope PPC 26 Sep 16 | Laurel Marcus Facebook0 Linkedin140 Google+13 Twitter 153 While poking around in the Google AdWords keyword research tool recently, I noticed something that made me do a double take. I refreshed my browser and re-inputted the same keywords as before. Same result. Something had changed, and I think it’s for the better. First, some background For the past couple months, I’ve struggled to see the value of Google’s update to the Keyword Planner which now shows aggregated search volume for keywords and close search variants. There have been a number of write-ups about this if you’re curious about how searchies have reacted to this change. Spoiler alert: not super well. The logic behind the update is sound: someone searching for “doghouse” is looking for the same thing as someone searching for “dog house.” As such, these terms should be considered a single concept and the reported search volume should reflect this. However, the logic is only as good as the data that obeys it. While Google seems to understand that “doghouse” and “dog house” are the same thing, other terms that should follow this logic just don’t. For example, Google still shows drastically different volume numbers for “best multivitamin for women” and “best multi vitamin for women.” So, what’s the big change? While these glitches (or, shall we say, opportunities for improvement) are still plentiful, I noticed a new change: when you search for terms that Google now qualifies as close variants, only one term will show up in the data table: Google had previously shown both terms with the same volume. In this instance, the tool used to show: masters of business administration – 550,000 avg. monthly searches mba – 550,000 avg. monthly searches This was a real kick in the shins for those of us who exported AdWords data into Excel for further keyword analysis. It required manually removing keywords that were – or at least appeared to be – duplicates in order to accurately understand the popularity of a search term. Otherwise your analysis would assume that a concept like “mba” was twice as popular in search as it truly is. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin140 Google+13 Twitter 153 Related articles How to maximize your AdSense earnings with Amazon CPM ads How Black Friday can lead to valuable organic search opportunities Mobile paid search has increased by 134% since last year: stats Paid search click-through rates have risen 38%  Minor, but Momentous While this update hasn’t yet been applied to the majority of close search variants like the multivitamin example above, it demonstrates a step in the right direction. We now have greater visibility (read: proof?) into what words are considered variants of each other. As Google continues to refine keyword data, we should see less of this: …especially when Google explicitly tells us that it considers these two queries synonymous. With better data, we’ll eventually be able to identify keyword variants that seem similar but show unique volume numbers. This may hint at similar terms that actually have different intents and should be addressed with unique content. Although these two terms may seem the same, the user’s mindset could be vastly different when conducting these searches. A search for “international shipping” might skew towards listings for companies that provide this service (Consideration phase), while a search for “shipping internationally” might emphasize more informational resources (Interest phase) – what instructions and tips would be helpful for a user to know about shipping something internationally? Do better, Google While still inconsistent and admittedly a bit unsettling, the AdWords data shakeup is the latest overhaul illustrating how search is evolving from a database of words to a system of concepts. In addition to good, old-fashioned data cleanup, this seems like an ideal time for some internal data sharing between product teams at Google. After all, one of the inputs needed to clean up AdWords data – synonyms and typos – is the specialty of another team right down the proverbial hallway. Perhaps a conversation over a plate of peanutbutter – I mean peanut butter – cookies is a good place to start. Laurel Marcus is Sr. Manager of SEO & Digital Experience at Tank Design. You can follow Laurel on Twitter. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Related reading Bing Ads reveal the most searched Halloween costumes Halloween in the digital age involves a significant amount of searching until the right costume is picked. So what can we learn from this year's searches? Industry More News PPC 26 Oct 16 | Tereza Litsa Capitalize on volume and long tail in Q4 with Dynamic Search Ads In ecommerce, there’s always a scramble to capitalize on the volume that is out there for the holidays. PPC 24 Oct 16 | Sana Ansari How to combine AdWords with Outbrain without cannibalizing their effectiveness How different parts of the funnel can specifically incorporate two different channels - AdWords and Outbrain - while avoiding cannibalisation. Content PPC 20 Oct 16 | Mun Yin Liu Six social media advertising ideas to make you look like a big deal If you're lacking in influence or name recognition and want to appear bigger than you currently are, try out these ad ideas. PPC Social 11 Oct 16 | Larry Kim Tags AdWords | Google | keyword planner | paid search Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Email Address Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Google’s mobile-first index: how to prepare your business The important news that we have all been waiting for, Google has finally announced mobile-first indexing. How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL editorial@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2016/09/26/reliable-search-volume-data-a-glimmer-of-hope/ Send × Want to stay on top of PPC trends? Get top insights and news from our PPC experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Samsung Galaxy Note 7 iPhone 7 Google Pixel Moto Z Play Xiaomi Mi Mix OnePlus 3T ZenFone 3 Max Nokia D1C is a phone not a tablet, images leak online Samsung to launch AI digital assistant service for Galaxy S8 Microsoft stops selling Windows 7, Windows 8 BlackBerry launches DTEK50, DTEK60 Android phones in India Home > Technology > Google's first Andromeda running laptop is called Pixel 3, to launch in Q3 2017: Report Saurabh Singh   |   @singh_saurabh10 Last Updated: SEP 26, 2016 New Delhi Email Author Reports that Google was looking to merge Android and Chrome OS into a single unified entity -- now said to be internally called the Andromeda -- have been going around since October last year. The stand-alone OS has been said to debut sometime in 2017, and a new report now suggests that Andromeda may not launch in isolation, whenever it does, next year. Just like Google uses its Nexus -- now, Pixel -- phones as vessels to show off its next Android iteration (not this year, though) the Mountain View-based company is secretly working on a laptop, that would be the proverbial vessel for its new OS. Also Read: Google working on Android laptops, CEO Pichai says Chromebooks will not die According to Android Police -- that cites two independent and reliable sources -- Google's first Andromeda running laptop is called Bison internally. Unofficially, the company is looking to call it the Pixel 3. "The Pixel 3 will likely be the first brand-new device to showcase Google's combined Android/Chrome OS 'Andromeda' operating system in a laptop form factor," says the report.   The report however clearly mentions that Google isn't looking to market the Pixel 3 as a Chromebook, suggesting that Google's Chrome OS running laptops may be heading towards their end of the road, soon. It is widely known that Google is hard at work to bring Android apps to Chrome OS. That being said, the Pixel 3 is not an instance where it would be a Chromebook capable of running Android apps. "It would be more accurate to say Bison will run Android than Chrome OS, and could finally be Google's internal commitment to releasing Andromeda," the report adds. Since the time that reports started emerging that Google was looking to build a unified OS, speculations were ripe that the Chrome browser and Chrome OS may not die. But Chromebooks may. SVP Android, Chromecast and Chrome OS at Google, Hiroshi Lockheimer had however refuted such claims saying that "there's still a ton of momentum for Chromebooks and we are very committed to Chrome OS." The advent of the Pixel 3, running the Andromeda, could invariably lead to the end of Google's Chromebook Pixel family. But, going by Lockheimer's enthusiasm, chances are Chromebooks on the whole may not die, after all. Other OEMs may still continue to manufacture Chromebooks, and Google may continue to update them with new features, including the ability to run full-fledged Android apps. Google is expected to give the world its first glimpse inside Andromeda on October 4, the same day when it will launch the new Pixel and Pixel XL Android 7.0.1 Nougat-running smartphones that have been built by HTC. October 4 is also said to mark the launch of three more hardware-based products from the company:  an AI-driven Google Home to take on Amazon's Echo, a Google Wifi router and a 4K supporting Chromecast Ultra dongle. The company will also likely demo its ambitious Daydream project, some reports suggest. Also Read: Google may unveil Andromeda, an Android/Chrome hybrid OS, on Oct 4 As for the Pixel 3, there is still some time before that happens, a long time, in fact. A lot can happen in this time. Google may not launch it at all, or it can launch it with something entirely different. The Android Police report, however, does mention some encouraging specs for the Pixel 3. The laptop, it says, will be ultra-thin at under 10mm and will likely support a tablet mode, which means either it would be akin to Lenovo's Yoga-branded convertibles, or it would be more like the Microsoft Surface. The device will support a stylus - a Wacom pen - to be sold separately. The Pixel 3 will come with a 12.3-inch display and an Intel m3 or i5 Core processor clubbed with 8GB/16GB RAM and 32GB/128GB internal memory. The device will come with a fingerprint scanner, two USB-C ports, a 3.5mm jack, stereo speakers and four microphones. Battery life is being said to be around 10 hours and the glass trackpad on-board will support haptic and force feedback much like the MacBook. The Pixel 3 will start at $799, adds the report.     For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Slow Jio 4G speed: Here's a method to increase Jio speed but why bother WhatsApp now rolls out video calling feature, for now in beta Jio 4G may remain free until March 2017: Report 32 lakh ATM cards hacked: Is your debit card safe and should you change PIN? Reviews Asus ZenFone 3 Max (ZC553KL) review: All that metal can't make it shine Canon 5D Mark IV review: Big, bulky and the best Skullcandy Ink'd wireless headphone review: All about bass and beats Civilization VI review: A game where Gandhi Ji threatens to use nuclear bomb Motorola Moto Z review: The most underrated phone of 2016 VIDEOS Meet the OnePlus 3T WhatsApp launches video calling for all Meizu M3S review more Tech Tips Want to upload high quality photos on Facebook, try these tricks 1000s of sites blocked in India. But this simple trick will open them all Using public WiFi? Here are 5 ways to stay safe from hackers Explained: How to doodle on pics before clicking them with WhatsApp Hello Allo! 10 tips to use Google's new chat app in best way more Talking Points Priya PathakWhatsApp needed password protection, instead it got 2-step verification Javed AnwerFrom Jio to demonetisation, Digital India keeps failing Saurabh SinghOnePlus 3 with Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 is bad news for some Priya Pathak5 reasons why a good Android phone still wins over the iPhone Javed AnwerGoogle Pixel is expensive because its price is about sending a message more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google SEO > Is Google Penguin 4.0 Fully Rolled Out? Is Google Penguin 4.0 Fully Rolled Out? Sep 26, 2016 • 8:41 am | (100) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next Story One of the bigger questions folks are asking since Google launched Penguin 4.0 on Friday was if it was fully rolled out. Google was clear when they said it is rolling out but they didn't say how long it will take to roll out. Google told us it is really never done rolling out because it is real-time, meaning, the signals are constantly being updated. As Google crawls and recrawls and indexes and reindexes the URLs across the web, Penguin scores are being pushed in real time. Thus, it is never ever really fully rolled out. But many are asking, if the first iteration fully rolled out? Is this new real-time version fully rolled out? The most direct response we had thus far is "I don't know," from Gary Illyes from Google. He posted this on Twitter in response to the question from Pete Meyers: @dr_pete I don't know off the top of my head, I'd need to check how many datacenters have the new code, but it's not trivial without coffee— Gary Illyes (@methode) September 23, 2016 Why would it take a long time to roll out? Well, as I said above, Google might not crawl every URL they are using for calculating a specific Penguin signal for a specific URL so soon. There are many URLs out there that aren't crawled daily or weekly, because (a) the content isn't refreshed ever and (b) the PageRank or importance of the URL is low in Google's mind. He summed that up also in response to how Dawn Anderson answered that on Twitter as well: @dawnieando @rustybrick @Marie_Haynes @dr_pete @JohnMu yup, that one— Gary Illyes (@methode) September 23, 2016 John Mueller also hinted at it on Twitter when he basically said it is almost impossible now to associate a ranking increase or decrease to Penguin these days because of the real time nature and the way it rolls out. @512banque @methode Given the way these things roll out, I'd say "good luck" -- I don't think that's easily possible, lots of things overlap— John Mueller (@JohnMu) September 25, 2016 So when will it be fully rolled out? I think for most sites by now, at least the ones that do rank now, you'd see it by now - that is my gut feeling. Of course, it can take weeks to months for 90% of the URLs in Google's index to get it. Forum discussion at Google Webmaster Help. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Google Tests Hotel Booking Ads At Top Instead Of Right Side   Comments: Ammon Johns 09/26/2016 12:48 pm The code roll-out is mostly about simply propagating the new code into all of the various datacenters, as per Gary's first answer there. The effects roll-out will never finish so long as new links get added and subtracted from the link-graph. Barry Schwartz 09/26/2016 12:50 pm Exactly. Both are questions we don’t have full answers to. But yea, I suspect code roll out to be done soon. Index, well 90% to be done within weeks. NoEffectAtAll 09/26/2016 12:59 pm Why is nobody saying "I GOT HIT" or "YEAH, I RECOVERED". Even the blackhead forum is silent... Barry Schwartz 09/26/2016 01:00 pm I hope to cover that tomorrow. Want to give the community another day or so to discuss that topic. Furqan (SEO) 09/26/2016 01:00 pm Last year they started update and forget to stop, And now again they start and they will forget to end :P Now days penguin more dangerous then Nuclear Bomb.. :D Simon 09/26/2016 01:02 pm Barry, I think you're making some big assumptions there. Google has told us that P4 works differently to P3, i.e. sites already hit by Penguin would be expected to see different traffic patterns under P4. Which means that if affected sites have seen minimal change so far, it's more likely P4 hasn't been applied to them yet. It's certainly unclear at what point P3 gets dropped from a site and P4 takes over. Too much is unknown. No point speculating on what sites should have seen by now. Barry Schwartz 09/26/2016 01:03 pm Two things as Ammon pointed out. That is what this is. Simon 09/26/2016 01:07 pm Yes, I get the difference between code rollout to data centres and P4 itself crawling and indexing pages over time. But your line "I think for most sites by now, at least the ones that do rank now, you'd see it by now - that is my gut feeling." makes it sound like you're suggesting sites should have felt an impact already. I'm disagreeing. Is that not what you mean? Barry Schwartz 09/26/2016 01:08 pm No, not necessarily. I didn’t say most sites should feel an impact by now. Simon 09/26/2016 01:10 pm Ok, so maybe I'm misreading this. When you say 'sites should see it by now', you mean it's simply reached the data centres. Not that sites would see any traffic changes yet? NoEffectAtAll 09/26/2016 01:10 pm Cool! Barry Schwartz 09/26/2016 01:11 pm I am not reporting about traffic changes until tomorrow, so hold off on that. aldog 09/26/2016 01:12 pm It would be great to know if P3 has been dropped yet or how this is going to happen. Simon 09/26/2016 01:13 pm You should add a big "TO BE CONTINUED --->" at the end of the article. Like Back to the Future. Barry Schwartz 09/26/2016 01:13 pm lol The Truth 09/26/2016 01:29 pm So we are to believe that Google did not have time to crawl all URLS and preload that data into the launch of this Penguin? They had two years. Deadpool 09/26/2016 01:29 pm A roll-out is just a propagation (or "injection") of the new code (or portion of code) into datacenters. Then, G have to re-crawl the entire www, add or subtract the new "values" then... ranking. My God... why so much "screamers"? Barry Schwartz 09/26/2016 01:30 pm Yep, that is the other part. :) leopard seal 09/26/2016 01:55 pm I think this update failed... just like 2014! Two weeks ago I remember John saying on the upcoming update: "I mean if nobody sees changes,... then we’re probably not making good changes!... It should have a visible effect!" https://youtu.be/3GEAc8MuxfY?t=43m55s NYCTech 09/26/2016 02:23 pm We saw a pretty big drop in traffic for a few days, but it started coming back yesterday. We've done some link building, but it's been white hat, so I don't expect problems with those. However, when I look through our backlinks, I sometimes find suspicious ones - possibly from negative SEO attempts (and some that are from sites that just scrape ours). Is there an easy way to identify which links we should disavow so we don't get penalized for them? Since the only bad ones are generally ones we didn't build, it's hard to identify which could be suspicious, and we have thousands and thousands of backlinks. Michael Martinez 09/26/2016 02:25 pm Rolling out the code is completely different from collecting the data and integrating that as a single. The "code rollout" just refers to distributing the new code to all the data centers. In past rollouts Googlers have documented that sometimes took anywhere from one week to a few weeks. Collecting the data signals and integrating them into link scores would begin immediately in each data center. But everyone is assuming that these new signals would correspond to whatever criteria Google was using in prior Penguin algorithms and that doesn't have to be the case. No one outside of Google really knows what to look for, and probably not too many people inside Google know, either. Boris 09/26/2016 02:43 pm They wouldn't want to use link data from 2 years ago, so I would think that everything needs to be recrawled under the new Penguin. Just like they have said many many times before at other updates, it can/will take weeks to fully show effects. That might explain that almost nobody is reporting significant changes that differ from "normal" fluctuations. The Truth 09/26/2016 02:46 pm Yeah, they would not need to use link data from 2 years ago. They could have gathered this data over the last 6 - 3 months. Again this does not help people that cleaned up problems 2 years ago. The Truth 09/26/2016 02:50 pm Penguin has been the biggest PR failure in Google history. Since the first release in 2011 they have handled the problems that came with Penguin poorly. One would think that they would have learned from their mistakes and work to make changes & improve on this. After all that is the same message they are sending to webmasters. Ironic, is not? newyorker_1 09/26/2016 02:52 pm There is no such thing as white hat link building. Dan Howdle 09/26/2016 02:55 pm Since the general public can't define Penguin but can define tax avoidance, I would say 'second' biggest PR failure. ;) newyorker_1 09/26/2016 03:01 pm That's because John is involved in Penguin development pretty much as I am. Most of the time he just answers those questions to get people of his back. Deadpool 09/26/2016 03:04 pm Do it lol Boris 09/26/2016 03:21 pm No. If Penguin is "real time", it needs current data. Current means "now", not 3 months ago. Darius 09/26/2016 03:25 pm To be a PR failure, more than just the part of the SEO community who got hit by it would need to know or care about it. Most Google users have never heard of it. I suspect the majority of webmasters do not care all that much about it by noweither, since most do not engage in things that would trigger Penguin against their sites. I don't think Google, or anyone NOT hit by Penguin sees it as being handled poorly at all. Much spam was removed from Google, sites not spamming are enjoying good rankings, and the only people upset by Penguin, lack of Penguin, and this uneventful update are those who were hit by an earlier Penguin. I don't think Google sees upsetting those people as being a failure. Donald 09/26/2016 03:27 pm Looks like the people who have been spending all of their energies wishing for a new Penguin can now stop complaining about no update and start complaining that the update didn't magically make their site worthy of ranking well. BushyTop 09/26/2016 03:37 pm No such thing as white hat period. Lou S. 09/26/2016 03:43 pm We slightly dipped, but every day we are improving. We track over 800 keyword phrases.. so changes will continue as all sites get fully respidered. We get spidered every day, but the last week we have been getting 60% less of our pages crawled. I am assuming (please don't reply with the ASS you and me line) that they are slowly respidering the site and we are benefiting from it. Here are the top 5 things I have noticed: Lots of social media sites being listed (way more than usual) and usually the core profile page that has the keyword in the username). Big Box Stores are more prevalent like Walmart, etc - even on stuff they don't sell but have a page for or are not well known for (night sights and thermal sights ?) More News Info sites being listed especially for bigger brand keyword phrases - annual reports - morningstar - bloomberg - google finance... etc. Youtube links with the actual youtube channel in the /user/brandname They are repeating brand sites a bit more. Jim Bob 09/26/2016 03:51 pm Lol, yes good one, we're all black hat then as 99.9% of sites would have zero links if we didn't build a few now and again. Long as you don't go overboard of course, there are some sites/directories that Google actually want you to be on to show you're legit Harry Shipman 09/26/2016 04:04 pm Nonsense. There is nothing wrong with building a high quality resource then letting people know of its existence by email, twitter, over the phone, etc etc etc. The Truth 09/26/2016 04:05 pm Here we go again. Everyone that was ever hit by Penguin was a Black Hat spammer just ask for it. Almost every large agency that was selling SEO in the 2000's built links for their clients that Penguin targets. The clients didn't know this would hurt them. And yes negative SEO does or did exsit on some level. But I get it. You entered the world of content marketing 3 years ago & now you think you are an SEO expert. DangerZone 09/26/2016 04:38 pm While organic traffic has risen by maybe 20%, the keywords that clients of mine were determined to be penalized are still ranking on the pages they previously did, however that was on desktop, on mobile some are two pages better than desktop. So, organic traffic has gotten a bit better Desktop penalized keywords still the same Mobile penalized keywords have improved some Overall, not enough positive or negative movements to really say this or that. I must say that for being a penguin algo, real time or not, doesn't feel like action based on the data has be implemented. Mr G 09/26/2016 04:46 pm All hearsay, no facts, Google tells what you want to hear. Bottom line is Penguin is a moving target and thats the way Google want to keep it. Jim Bob 09/26/2016 04:54 pm Don't get Darius started on 'content marketing'. He's a guru don't you know. Michael Martinez 09/26/2016 04:57 pm "Is there an easy way to identify which links we should disavow so we don't get penalized for them?" Absolutely none. Nico 09/26/2016 05:05 pm Truth is nobody knows shit, all these SEO experts are time wasters, they scam website owners money to rank sites but truth is they have no clue. This isn't science. There's a black box called google and all you can do is try stuff and hope for the best. Jim Bob 09/26/2016 05:10 pm Sounds about right. newyorker_1 09/26/2016 05:23 pm True. newyorker_1 09/26/2016 05:25 pm That's right as long as you don't ask them to link to you. Josh Rubin 09/26/2016 05:47 pm I've seen absolutely no movement from a few industries where the tops sites all utilize spammy backlink strategies - bulk links in short times. Does this mean the Penguin algorithm has a much lower overall effect than in the past? Or is it still rolling out? Has anyone seen any major changes in rank and traffic for "normal" business categories yet? josh bachynski (SEO) 09/26/2016 05:51 pm People are only asking if it is "fully" rolled out, because they have not seen the effects they were expecting. And they have not seen the effects they were expecting, likely because they had the wrong (hopeful) idea of what penguin does. they were hoping their "spammy" enemies would get hit... Or hoped their (spammy) site would get released... Sadly the disavow does nothing. I can prove it here: bit/ly/2016penguin (i screw up the URL so i am not taking too much real estate on Barry's blog, this makes him mad) I have another case of penguin reversal - i will make a new video about it and how penguin TRULY works... It is quite surprising and sad! #TrumpSad William 09/26/2016 06:01 pm As long as experts such as Glenn Gabe, which covers "tons of penalized sites", can not come up with one single recovery story is it really relevant to assume that a roll out has completed? Same story on the other side of the fence: As far as I know, none has reported being hit by Penguin 4.0.... Julie veston 09/26/2016 06:36 pm Because Google said penguin is rolling out do you believe them?. The past record for trusting Google is not great so why trust them now? no recoveries, no reports of sites getting hit, no real Chatter on BHW just lots of speculation. Bill Lambert 09/26/2016 07:09 pm We've all been punked. No update. Whoops! The True Gogman 09/26/2016 07:26 pm https://twitter.com/JohnMu/status/780474819552894976?lang=en John did not deny, he could have simply stated, "Penguin rolled out at 9/23" but yet he chose to say "We dont have a start date to announce". Now lets consider this: 1. If you where google would you roll out and PUBLICLY announce something without testing it live? 2. would you rather stay quite have it running for 1-3 weeks make sure your not going to piss off your share holders and then announce it? 3. lets say google does not care about 1,2 wouldn't they want to say in their press release that indeed its only started rolling out now and make that part clear? Backwards hypothesis :) DangerZone 09/26/2016 07:57 pm There was more chatter and movement during the so called " tests " than what we see now. Lou S. 09/26/2016 08:17 pm It is not that they have no clue, it is that they don't actually do any SEO. 90% of SEO companies are sales companies with little to no SEO actually done. That is the biggest scam of them all. Lou S. 09/26/2016 08:19 pm Very true Lou S. 09/26/2016 08:20 pm broken link building is the most ethical and white hat link building that exists. Faithless 09/26/2016 08:21 pm Horrible! With comprehensive cleanups in 2014, 2015 and early 2016 and since the Real Time update just launched, no ranking improvement at all, only traffic decline. WTF! Darius 09/26/2016 08:29 pm Nope. Never called myself a content marketer and have been doing this thing called SEO for nearly 10 years. And that doesn't have a damned thing to do with what I said. We were talking PR, and if you think anyone outside of operators of Penguinized sites and maybe the SEOs who got them there cares about Penguin, you need to get out more. To most people, Google is just a thing they use. Now if thousands or even just hundreds of people came forward and said something like "Google's penguin killed my business and I never broke any of the rules" - THAT would be some bad PR. But that has not happened and is not likely to. I'll let you try to imagine some rational reasons why that isn't happening. I didn't say anything about negative SEO or how some agencies may have screwed up years ago - yet both of those are red herrings. By now, all that is left in Penguin jail are spam sites and those which just had too much spam to ever recover. Poor innocent victim sites are just like negative SEO victim sites in that no matter how much people want to claim Google has a sinister plot and has harmed thousands of businesses with Penguin false flags and negative SEO - you can't point to more than one or two of either. Wanting to believe something does not make it true. Stephen C. 09/26/2016 08:34 pm "Everyone that was ever hit by Penguin was a Black Hat spammer just ask for it." Name one site currently held down by Penguin that did not have link spam. Jay Bo 09/26/2016 08:39 pm You gotta stop hiring those guys who email you ;-) Seriously, though... I get what you are saying but I think 90% is a little on the high side these days. Maybe 30-40% are complete scams. There are just far fewer of the old vapor-SEOs out there. There are, however, many that are so busy pushing content marketing or some other thing that they don't remember to optimize the actual site, or never knew how. That was especially true of the ones that specialized in link building before Penguin hit. A lot of them relied only on links and never bothered to touch the site at all. Faithless 09/26/2016 08:46 pm That's not really the point though is it. Many small businesses rely on experts to behave ethically when they lack certain knowledge/resources (such as SEO). In many cases businesses punished by penguin paid an SEO expert in good faith and have since paid another ton of money to penguin recovery experts only to be disappointed again. Yes, the business owner is ultimately responsible for who they hire and the work those experts perform on their behalf, but that doesn't mean they should be punished indefinitely. Lou S. 09/26/2016 09:19 pm Ha Ha. My 90% comes from contacting soooooo many companies from 2007-2010 that were on the 5th, 6th, 7th page and then learning that they forked over $5,000-$12,000 on SEO the previous year. When I reviewed their site, they clearly didn't have a single thing done to their site. The link builders quickly morphed into directory networks and were ineffective, as we know. The funny thing is that when I had my Chicago SEO company website up, I would still get those emails asking me if I wanted an SEO review of my site. Obviously automated emails, but it was getting on my nerves that small businesses were getting duped. Stephen C. 09/26/2016 09:25 pm Ok then... Name one of THOSE that is currently held down by penguin. Jay Bo 09/26/2016 09:29 pm It isn't 2010 anymore. Be fair: those email scammers that did absolutely nothing have moved on to done other way to trick people out of money. They never had anything more to do with SEO than those African prince emails have to do with African royalty. Lou S. 09/26/2016 09:33 pm I've been at private companies with their own internal SEO teams since about 2011, so I'm glad to hear that Small Business aren't getting scammed as bad as before. Now I'm worried that they are sending money overseas, however. Thanks. :-) Luis Miguel 09/26/2016 10:07 pm Till 26 Sept 2016: Penguin 4.0 = nil Faithless 09/26/2016 11:17 pm Why? Would posting actually help? Do you think the majority of intelligent small business owners had a clue about anything SEO when paying for SEO prior to the introduction of penguin? Penguin in the wild 09/27/2016 07:17 am That will be all the sites then since there aren't any recovery stories at all. Anon User 09/27/2016 07:23 am SEO as a complete industry is pure fraud. Google have at last busted this dishonest industry that preys on small businesses wide open. All you penguin recovery experts can now just f""## off. Move on to the next snake oil you scum. newyorker_1 09/27/2016 08:22 am He also said AFAIK, so maybe he did not know it's not his fault. jimhall 09/27/2016 09:05 am 100% agree. They sell you a service and when they dont deliver which they normally dont they feed you a load of bullsh&t. However they will always be around, selling snake oil, praying on small businesses and claming they are SEO experts. Welcome to the world of SEO. Stefan 09/27/2016 09:56 am Which company did that to you? Donald 09/27/2016 10:03 am You have polled all webmasters and analyzed the results for all of them? I know I have at least one site that just regained about 20 spots per keyword as of this morning. It took a few days after announcement but it happened today. Stephen C. 09/27/2016 10:07 am Why name one? To prove your opinion is based in fact not hype. Spammers have been perpetuating the lie about thousands of innocent victims but it just isn't true. If true, giving the details would increase public attention and outcry which would benefit all. Anon User 09/27/2016 10:20 am They all do it!!!!!! They only have snake oil. Which companies do you think sell something else? Jimmy James 09/27/2016 10:35 am Nothing until today but this morning one of my sites that was penguined popped up from page six or worse up to page two for most of its keywords. Better late than never! Steve Carol 09/27/2016 11:18 am It will not be felt until the pages are crawled, this explains why in more detail http://linkaudit.co.uk/blog/google-penguin-4-review/ Anna 09/27/2016 11:31 am Please stop spamming your BS Hank 09/27/2016 11:32 am You accuse an entire industry of fraud but you can't name which one did it to you. So sad. Roberto 09/27/2016 11:37 am Finally starting to see some positive changes on a site that was hit in 2013. I tried to do link removal my self then the update in October 2014 came and did not help. This time it worked with help from specialist I found here. Took too long of waiting for update. Anon User 09/27/2016 11:37 am You defend an entire industry but can't name one single company that does not peddle snake oil. My word, you frauds can't name a single company that is not selling snake oil services and misleading and mis selling to small businesses. My word you fraud apologists have not one single company in your fraudulent industry that can stand up and be counted. So come on, name just 1 SEO company in the whole world, just 1 that is not selling snake oil services. I dare you . No, I double dare you. Come on just name 1. Just 1. Hank 09/27/2016 11:40 am I am not defending anyone. You make a strong accusation but you have no facts behind it. Bitter envy shows clearly. Too funny. Patrick 09/27/2016 11:45 am Bruce Clay, Marie Haynes, Portent, and others have proven themselves. Which of the penalty recovery services failed to help you? Anon User 09/27/2016 11:45 am You can't defend the indefensible. It's sad not funny. Sad for the small businesses that have fraudulently been missold snake oil. Well my little fraud lover, the game is up. So when you can name just 1 business in your fraudulent industry that is not selling snake oil you can call me envious. Come on fraud lover, just 1 business. Surely the world contains 1. Surely. Faithless 09/27/2016 11:45 am Still seeing nothing good. Is there any point keeping an active disavow file now that questionable links are supposedly devalued rather than penalized? Jacek Rużyczka 09/27/2016 11:48 am I'm quite sure it has been rolled out. "Real-time" means nothing more than the fact that websites are now being assessed regularly (not every day maybe, but this time it's not just one big batch of ranking recalculations), so maybe the effects of Penguin 4 will not be visible at once, but in a couple of weeks' time, or some SEO who's overdoing linkbuilding might realise a sharp drop in visibility after months of increasing rankings because his website has just exceeded some "fair link profile" limit. But for now, many of us have seen significant movements in the visibility of their websites, which means something had been rolled out. Good luck everybody. Darius 09/27/2016 11:48 am It is still too early to know if that is true about devalued vs penalized. Google didn't make that clear so don't base a decision on what some blog says. It is very possible that you disavowed too many links which were not hurting you. If it really is real time, you could delete your disavow and see what happens. If things get worse after a few weeks, put it back. Hank 09/27/2016 11:54 am You made the claim. Why can you not back it with facts? Surely you have evidence showing that just one of the penalty recovery companies has committed fraud. If not, why do you believe what you say? Why should anyone believe what you say? Faithless 09/27/2016 11:59 am Well several of my sites for one, which I won't list here. I know other small businesses in the same boat who trusted the wrong seo. I never said penguined small businesses were 100% innocent. I'm sure some knew what they were doing. But many, like mine took a leap of faith with seo experts claiming to deliver honest and safe activities. What I am saying is it seems unfair we continue to pay the price even after such a long time. Anon User 09/27/2016 12:02 pm Bruce Clay. Penguin Recovery Services. Marie Haynes Ditto. Portent DITTO... Proven penguin recovery = SNAKE OIL Google is a big black box. Bruce Clay, Marie Haynes and anyone else you care to mention do not have any access at all to the inner workings of that black box. What is being sold here is false hope backed up by a reputation built on self promotion and a way of presenting their PROVEN results as being some kind of expertise that understands the inner workings of a black box they have absolutely no access to. Their proof can never be substantiated because they have no access to the facts. They only have access to one side of the coin. Any recoveries they PROVE could be down to any number of things that they can never ever substantiate against. To prove something you need to have access to both sides of the coin. All they can ever do is SPECULATE, never prove. Is there an SEO company in the whole world not selling snake oil? Any? Anyone? Faithless 09/27/2016 12:04 pm Hey thanks, good idea. Not much to lose since rankings have been dropping since early September anyway. Simon 09/27/2016 12:20 pm Do not listen to Darius. You do not want to be deleting your disavow at this time. Just wait it out a little. Patti Paz 09/27/2016 12:28 pm SO, you are suggesting that the links can be turned on and off and have not negative impact with Google? INTERESTING!!! Darius 09/27/2016 12:44 pm I'm not even sure what you are trying to ask. Faithless said he/she has still seen nothing good. I said it is too early to know for sure. I also offered the idea that maybe the wrong links were disavowed, which could be holding the site down if it does NOT really have a Penguin problem. Google themselves have said it is possible to do more harm than good with the disavow tool. Nothing new about that idea. Darius 09/27/2016 12:47 pm I did say it is too early to tell for sure. But if faithless feels he/she has nothing to lose and removes disavow, real time Penguin should make it possible to put it back later if removing does more harm. Many people have disavowed links which were not doing harm. Removing those wrong links from the disavow file or removing disavow completely may help. Patrick 09/27/2016 12:52 pm All I know is I tried disavowing by myself in 2013 and it didn't work. I don't think I found all links. I hired one of the services listed above and ended up with almost the same rankings after Oct 2014 penguin as I had before Penguin hit. A friend hired one of the others not listed and got similar results. That's all the proof I need. Stephen C. 09/27/2016 01:32 pm "The Truth" and others have been claiming that there are many innocent sites that are held back by Penguin. There is no reason to believe that. If you really were told by your SEO company that they were doing nothing wrong, expose them. If you really believe your site should not be penalized and it is not your fault, exposing exactly what your SEO company said and what they really did will get press attention and would force google to make it right. Even if Google does not act on it, at least you will be doing a service to others so they know who or what to watch out for. I think people like to say truthy sounding things that are not really true. It sounds true that there were lots of unsuspecting sites hit and maybe even still penalized, but nobody can ever say what some of those sites are because they don't really know of any. Anon User 09/27/2016 04:37 pm And it's that kind of PROOF that keeps the circus in full swing. NYCTech 09/27/2016 05:48 pm Encouraging clients/users to post a link seems pretty white hat, especially since we don't tell them what anchor text to use or whether to follow or nofollow. Tons of people link to Facebook and Instagram profiles voluntarily, for example, and that's totally white hat as far as I can tell. Tony 09/27/2016 08:08 pm Crap website by the way .... Simon 09/27/2016 08:26 pm You're the epitomy of what Anon User is talking about below. You have no idea how the realtime side of Penguin 4 is going to work and you know nothing about this guy's website, yet you advise him to delete his disavow file because you're absolutely convinced of your ability to read Google's mind. FFS. I bet you're also the first to blame Penguin-hit site owners for being spammers or not reading the webmaster guidelines or being stupid, when all they've done is followed similar advice from SEO charlatans like you. Faithless 09/27/2016 08:34 pm At the risk of sounding like a mad conspiracy theorist I failed to mention why I refuse to list my websites. The SEO company posted fake negative reviews on two of our Google Places pages when we privately called them out for putting our websites in the Penguin filter. It took Google 6 months to remove the reviews. As a small business owner I have no doubt there's some shady shit going on with SEO companies. Sure it's probably not on the scale you cited above and I doubt/hope our situation with the fake reviews and other tactics is that common too. All I'm focussed on now is escaping Penguin and that is seeming impossible. I bet Google are well aware of some of these examples. They are punitive but not stupid. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/11/2016 08:39 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Australian AdSense Login Problem Facebook to Fix Metrics Bugs in Insights Digital Point Forums Instagram Marketing Strategy !!!$10 Contest!!!! !!!!Simple Background!!!! !!!24hours!!!! Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
null
null
null

About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Vantiv Offers Enhanced In-App Support as Part of New Android Pay™ Accelerator Program Vantiv Offers Enhanced In-App Support as Part of New Android Pay™ Accelerator Program Posted on September 26, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Vantiv helps speed Android Pay integration for merchants and developers. Join Google and Vantiv for an interactive webinar Oct. 5 on Android Pay integration. Cincinnati, OH (PRWEB) September 26, 2016 Vantiv, Inc. (NYSE: VNTV), a leading provider of payment processing services and related technology solutions for merchants and financial institutions of all sizes, today announced support for developers to design solutions that make it easier for customers to purchase goods and services using Android Pay. Vantiv has enhanced its Android Pay support for in-app payments based on eProtect™, an end-to-end payment security solution that helps merchants simplify integrations. “Integrating Android Pay with Vantiv's solution, eProtect, will make it easier for even more businesses of all sizes, to further streamline their checkout experience by offering their customer a simpler, faster in-app payment experience," said Spencer Spinnell, director of business development at Google. “We’re excited about our enhanced Android Pay support and close working relationship with Google,” said Bill Cohn, head of eCommerce products at Vantiv. “By leveraging eProtect, Vantiv reduces the integration effort for merchants, who get the highest level of security while avoiding the need to handle or decrypt the Android Pay Network Token issued by the card networks. Merchants using Android Pay with our eCommerce platform can also take advantage of Vantiv iQ, our reporting and analytic solution, as well as our other value-added services.” Vantiv also unveiled additional Android Pay offerings tailored to mobile application developers. ●    The Mobile Accelerator Program for Android Pay from Vantiv – a fast-track program aimed at helping merchants and ISVs already processing with Vantiv deploy Android Pay. ●    The Vantiv O.N.E. Developer Community for Google’s mobile payment products– a comprehensive set of technical and support resources making it easier for all developers to build mobile-friendly payment applications. This is part of the TechTribe feature on Vantiv O.N.E. ●    Vantiv O.N.E. TechLift – dedicated personalized payments expertise which is now extended to include services specific to Android Pay. Android Pay and mobile payments are key focus areas for Vantiv with the Vantiv O.N.E. Google community giving Android developers a place to get expert assistance related to payments to help them go to market faster. Join Google’s Steve Klebe and Tony Rose, who leads emerging product initiatives at Vantiv, on an interactive webinar as they explore how Google’s mobile payment product, Android Pay, helps to drive changes to shopping patterns and delivers a superior checkout experience. The webinar is October 5th at 1:00 Eastern Daylight Time. Click here to register. Membership to the Vantiv O.N.E. Google Community is free and open to developers across the payments spectrum, including enterprise businesses, eCommerce, integrated payments, mobile, point-of-sale, and payment facilitators. You can learn more about Vantiv’s Android Pay offerings by registering for a free Vantiv O.N.E. account at http://developer.vantiv.com and visiting the Vantiv Google community. About Vantiv     Vantiv, Inc. (NYSE: VNTV) is a leading payment processor differentiated by an integrated technology platform. Vantiv offers a comprehensive suite of traditional and innovative payment processing and technology solutions to merchants and financial institutions of all sizes, enabling them to address their payment processing needs through a single provider. We build strong relationships with our customers, helping them become more efficient, more secure and more successful. Vantiv is the second largest merchant acquirer and the largest PIN debit acquirer based on number of transactions in the U.S. The company's growth strategy includes expanding further into high-growth channels and verticals, including integrated payments, eCommerce, and merchant bank. Visit us at http://www.vantiv.com, or follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Google+ and YouTube. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/09/prweb13713647.htm Latest News First-of-its-kind Digital Program Empowers Students to Build Positive Relationships Yangtze River Development Limited Announces Upgrade for Trading on Highest OTC Market, OTCQX(R) Kali Inc. Announces Yachting Industry Expert JR Bott as Chief Operating Officer Oakland Zoo’s ZooLights Illuminates Night Sky for Holiday Season Starting Dec. 2 Blog Coverage Tesoro Increases Geographical Presence and Market Share with Acquisition of Western Refining Blog Coverage Canada’s Largest Crude Oil Producer Suncor Energy Tables its Corporate Guidance for FY17 Post Earnings Coverage as Macy’s Q3 Topline Outperformed Market Expectations Post Earnings Coverage as Germany, Iberia, and Favorable Weather Boosted Coca-Cola European Partners Earnings Results Blog Coverage WellCare Moves to Expand Medicare Advantage Flagship and Announces Acquisition of Universal American Blog Coverage CST Shareholders Approve Merger with Alimentation Couche-Tard and Receives Notice from FTC for Additional Request © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Laptops/Software/Gallery/Rumor LaptopsSoftware Google Pixel 3 with Andromeda OS said to launch in 2017 By Jacob Kleinman | September 26, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Google is reportedly working on a new operating system named Andromeda that combines Android with the best features of Chrome OS. A new report offers up some details on what could be the first official Andromeda device. Android Police reports that Google is hard at work on a laptop-tablet hybrid codenamed “Bison” and also referred to internally as the Pixel 3, though it apparently won’t be branded as a Chromebook. The new product will allegedly launch roughly a year from now in Q3 2017. It could offer extremely high-end hardware for a reasonable price, though the final details are all subject to change. In its current form, the Pixel 3 features a 12.3-inch display and a super-slim 10mm frame. It should function as a both a laptop and a tablet. However, it’s unclear if that will be achieved with a detachable display or a 360-degree rotating hinge. The Pixel 3 will reportedly pack a fingerprint scanner, two USB-C ports, stylus support (with a Wacom pen sold separately), stereo speakers, a quad microphone array, 10-hours of battery life, a backlit keyboard, a haptic glass trackpad and a 3.5mm headphone jack. Under the hood, it allegedly offers an Intel Core m3 or i5 processor, 32GB or 128GB of storage, and 8GB or 16GB of RAM,. This suggests Google will sell at least two distinct models. Android Police claims the Pixel 3 could sell for as low as $799. That would certainly give Google an advantage if it wants to compete with high-end laptops from Apple, Microsoft and others. Google probably won’t mention the Pixel 3 at its big October 4 event, where it’s expected to unveil plenty of new hardware launching this year. However, it’s still possible we could get an early look at the Andromeda software that’s set to power the company’s rumored tablet-laptop hybrid. Source Android Police Topics #Google #Andromeda #Google #Pixel 3 Jacob Kleinman Jacob Kleinman has been working as a journalist online and in print since he arrived at Wesleyan University in 2007. After graduating, he took a blogging job at the International… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access vSphere 6.5 goes GA, gains surprise powers to predict the future FYI Apple fans – iCloud slurps your call histories TfL to track Tube users in stations by their MAC addresses Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... The Naked Product Launch: 30 seconds to sell a robot Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Google Snia Pure Storage Data Center Storage Scale-out sister? Unreliable disks are better for your storage Nowt wrong with a good old HDD Head-crash effect on disk 26 Sep 2016 at 16:05, Chris Evans Chris Evans Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Recent Articles Bad news, Trump. NASty storage is pretty popular, too Big Mickey Dell is wrong: Cloud ain't going to eat all of IT NetApp, storage class memory and hyper-convergence Storage Architect Recently I was asked to review a document that used as a reference a piece of work from Google (PDF) which talked about the need to relax the resiliency levels of hard drives and SSDs. The premise is interesting: hyper-scalers claim they could do a better job in managing performance and availability if the HDDs they use were modified to provide more information on error conditions and failure in the drive media. The curse of reliable drives Modern HDDs are remarkably reliable devices. Barring some occasional manufacturing errors, both HDDs and SSDs are commodity components with a huge amount of smarts built into the controllers. This intelligence is needed to manage the foibles of the media, whether coping with things like shingled media or managing the degradation of silicon NAND. The controller software is capable of redirecting I/O, reallocating sectors and distributing I/O evenly (in the case of SSDs) to cater for a huge number of failure scenarios. Where most customers would be happy that the drive deals with and masks media transient and permanent errors, the hyper-scalers (particularly Google in this case) would rather that many of those errors were exposed to the host in order to allow Google’s storage software layer to make decisions on how to cope with the failure. For example, a hard drive will retry a read failure to ensure the read wasn’t just a transient error. This retry process takes time and increases the latency of the request, affecting the response time of an I/O that is distributed across many devices. Google would much rather the drive simply failed and “failed fast”, allowing software to read/rebuild the data from elsewhere. Everything has been done before This idea of pushing up the resiliency intelligence into software isn’t a brand new idea. Pure Storage uses this technique in their FlashArray code, choosing to rebuild the data from parity rather than wait for a drive to respond when it may be busy, for example, during garbage collection. In Pure’s case, the process of managing the drive presumably comes from testing with hardware (I have no idea how much bespoke code if any are on the drives Pure uses), whereas Google is specifically asking manufacturers to offer APIs and response codes that allow alternative actions to be taken. Remember also that XIO has been managing drive failure scenarios since the company was founded and using that IP to provide years of maintenance free availability on its ISE devices. I’ve also previously thought that HDDs could have been modified to allow drive rebuilds to be done quicker. Imagine a drive is suspected of failing. As the drive reads and writes data to service host requests, it repositions the read/write head and passes over many tracks and cylinders that aren’t accessed. It could be possible to read that data and make it available in cache on a second channel that could speed up the rebuild process. This is just one idea; Google has many others, including its own version of parallel access (with more drive actuator arms), alternative form factors (to increase storage density), host-managed retries and background task management. Check out the full document here (PDF). New features for all How practical would these new features be for “the rest of us”? Certainly, I imagine array vendors would see significant benefits in improved data virtualisation, as would the software-defined storage companies. I doubt these features would have much value for the consumer as most are focused on dealing with the effects of managing thousands or hundreds of thousands of drives. This means we could end up with a two-tier drive hierarchy based on reliability – almost true enterprise drives. SNIA recommendations SNIA has put together a response document (the one I mentioned reviewing earlier), which discusses how some of these features could be implemented. There aren’t many hard drive vendors these days (hello Seagate, WD/HGST and Toshiba), so getting consensus for new features might not be that hard. You can read the report here. The architect’s view We’ve already seen the hyper-scale compute companies (Google/FaceBook/Microsoft) develop server and rack architectures that provide cheaper, more efficient deployment and management than buying from standard vendors (check out the Open Compute Project, for example). So why not try to further optimise the components? Some of the changes suggested by Google could be easily implemented, however a lot depends on the continued take up of hard drives as the medium of choice for the data centre. NAND flash may well impact this, especially if QLC technology can be delivered relatively quickly and reliably. It’s clear from the development of Kinetic drives that HDD vendors want to remain relevant. Maybe they will need to listen to the hyperscaler’s requests or find NAND flash takes over their business quicker than expected. Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 22 Comments More from The Register Woah: NetApp is number two in the all-flash market, says IDC First quarter 2016 numbers show firm climbing past Pure, HPE and IBM 14 Comments EMC will hawk Dell's Nutanix-powered XC kit Exclusive Hyper-converged? More like hyper-choice, says Chad Sakac 13 Comments Nutanix's 'expected' IPO date is 30 September Nasdaq spews stock-market launch date 3 Comments Nutanix to kick off its IPO extravaganza on ... go on, take a guess Guessing Tuesday, September 6, the day before Dell-EMC deal completes IDC, IDC, o crystal ball. Who's storage's biggest cheese of them all? Good news for some, and bad for hyperscaler folk Ex-CTO: Yes, Nutanix is buying PernixData Exclusive Standalone VMware cacher's dream is over 4 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Controlling the Uncontrollable Protecting email and other corporate data on mobile devices—without bogging down workers—is one of today’s biggest challenges faced by IT pros today. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi UK warships to have less firepower than 19th century equivalents as missiles withdrawn British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Spotlight NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Windows Server 2016 persistent memory support supercharges storage IO Speaking in Tech: EMC v Pure – Stop bickering with the big dog Bad news, Trump. NASty storage is pretty popular, too Flash reaches the enterprise tipping point Dell EMC World tease: What does 'composable' mean to you, readers? Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google 'Pixel 3' laptop reportedly in the works with 'Andromeda' operating system Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | September 26, 2016 41 shares 37 3 0 0 0 0 0 1 0               Google is reportedly prepping several new products for an October 4 debut, but the company could have something even bigger planned for 2017. Google is cooking up a new laptop device codenamed “Bison” and nicknamed “Pixel 3” by employees, say sources speaking to Android Police. This device will run an OS codenamed “Andromeda,” which is said to be a combination of Android and Chrome OS. Think of it like Chrome OS features folded into Android, like a report from 2015 described, not like Chrome OS running Android apps. The Pixel 3 will reportedly be a laptop-style device with a 12.3-inch display that’s less than 10mm thick and supports a tablet mode. However, it’s unknown whether this means that the Pixel 3 will be a convertible device that lets you flip the keyboard behind the display or if the screen will literally detach from the body. When it comes to raw specs, Google is currently planning for an Intel m3 or i5 Core processor, 32/128GB of storage, 8/16GB of RAM, dual USB Type-C ports, stereo speakers, four microphones, a 3.5mm headphone jack, a glass trackpad, a backlit keyboard, and a fingerprint reader. Google also wants to include Wacom stylus support, though the stylus itself would be sold separately. Today’s report does caution that these specs are not set in stone, so the Pixel 3’s internals could look very different when, or if, it does launch. Speaking of launch, Google is reportedly aiming to release the Pixel 3 in Q3 2017. Pricing could start at $799, which is less than the Chromebook Pixel laptops released by Google in the past. This Pixel 3 sounds like a pretty intriguing device. While Google has released its share of Android tablets and Chromebooks, the Pixel 3 could be a full-on laptop device that offers Android’s vast app library with the best features of Chrome OS. Support for a Wacom stylus would be a nice addition and give the Pixel 3 even more work cred.  Unfortunately, today’s report claims that we’re just under a year away from seeing this Pixel 3 launch. Based on what we’ve heard about it so far, would you buy this Pixel 3 device? Source:  Android Police Android Rumors and Leaks Google Previous ArticleChromecast Ultra shown in leaked images ahead of October 4 debut Next ArticleSony's Android 7.0 update schedule reportedly leaks Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Chromecast Ultra shown in leaked images ahead of October 4 debut How would you change the iPhone 7? Roku announces new streaming boxes that start at $29.99 I would love to see more colors for the iPhone View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 2 days ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 6 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 4 days ago 12 shares 7 2 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 6 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 22 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes HTC 10 22 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News Amazon Echo gaining ability to AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note Sprint News Sprint Black Friday deals include HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest T-Mobile News T-Mobile to offer Black Friday Samsung Gear S3 Frontier hits T- Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Verizon Wireless Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge now Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google reaches for the stars with rumored do-it-all laptop running new "Andromeda" OS Julian Chokkattu Digital TrendsSeptember 26, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Google may debut a laptop and tablet hybrid in 2017 that runs an operating system that merges Android and Chrome OS. Internally, the OS is codenamed Andromeda. The ultra-thin laptop is rumored to cost $800.More Android and Chrome OS may merge, thanks to rumors reignited by Android Police. We may see the merged OS, codenamed Andromeda, on a tablet-laptop hybrid from Google coming in 2017. What has fueled rumors about Andromeda is the existence of a product, internally codenamed Bison, and nicknamed “Pixel 3.” Android Police cites two independent sources that say the laptop will be the result of collaborations between the Pixel, Android, and Chrome OS teams. We have reached out to Google for comment. Related: An Android and Chrome OS merger may be in the works Bison isn’t expected to replace Chromebooks, and it’s unclear whether Chrome OS or Chromebooks are going away entirely. We can’t confirm this information, so take it all with a grain of salt. Rumored specs Bison will see Chrome OS merging with Android, and the codename for that OS is Andromeda. The laptop will be thinner than the MacBook Air at 10mm, and it will feature a 12.3-inch display. There will be a tablet mode, but it’s unclear whether the laptop will fold over the keyboard like the Lenovo Yoga series, or will be a separate attachment like the Microsoft Surface. The backlit keyboard will house a “glass trackpad” that has similar force detection to the MacBook. It will be powered by Intel’s Core M3 or i5 processor, and will feature 32 or 128GB of internal storage. It will come packed with 8 or 16GB of RAM. The choice of specifications suggests there will be at least two models. Related: Pixel and Pixel XL: Rumors behind the first smartphones ‘made by Google’ The Bison will also have a fingerprint scanner, two USB Type-C ports, a 3.5-mm headphone jack, various sensors, support for a stylus, stereo speakers, quad microphones, and a battery that reportedly lasts 10 hours, according to Android Police. This isn’t like the Pixel C tablet, which didn’t really have a competitive market. Google is really gunning for Microsoft and Apple here with the Bison. By launch, the search giant wants the Andromeda-powered laptop to run a host of enterprise, developer, and “stylus-driven” apps. Rumored price and release date Bison’s starting price is expected to be $800, which puts it in competitive range of other tablet and laptop hybrids. The Microsoft Surface Pro 4 starts at $900 with a Core M3 processor. You’re going to have to wait a while to hold Bison in your hands, though as Android Police says, the device will launch in the third quarter of 2017, or sometime between April and June 2017. We’re expecting to see Pixel-branded smartphones, Chromecast Ultra, Daydream VR, Google Home, and Wi-Fi routers at Google’s October 4 event. Android Police suggests we also may get a sneak peek of Andromeda, and we won’t have to wait long to find out. Everything you need to know about Google’s Huawei-made Nexus tablet The company formerly known as Snapchat reveals its video-recording "Spectacles" Intel's new "Apollo Lake" processors up the ante for affordable laptops Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay Associated Press New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech AirSelfie drone is small enough to stow away in a phone case Digital Trends This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Russia has now officially blocked LinkedIn BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology When is Google's birthday - and why are people confused? The history of Google Play! 02:31 Telegraph Reporters 28 September 2016 • 7:33am Google is now officially an adult. The internet giant is celebrating its 18th birthday on Tuesday with an animated Doodle shown to web browsers around the world. The company, founded by Larry Page and Sergey Brin in 1998, traditionally marks its birthday on the Google homepage on September 27. However, not even Google seems to really know when it was formed. Since 2006, it has celebrated its birthday on September 27, but the year before that, had it as September 26. Google Doodle 18th birthday In 2004, its 6th birthday Doodle went online on September 7 and in the year before that, it was September 8. In fact, none of these dates seem to have any particular relevance. The company's own history lists its incorporation date in 1998 - the nearest thing to a corporate birthday - as September 4. And the idea for Google began years earlier in 1996, as a research project at Stanford University, when Page and Brin had a new idea for a search engine that would rank pages by how many other sites linked to it, rather than the crude format others used at the time - ranking them by how often the search term appeared on the page. Google alluded to confusion over its birthday in 2013, admitting it had celebrated its birthday on four different dates, but September 27 now seems to have stuck. The company may have just chosen the date because it was what the first birthday Doodle in 2002 used. Google's 13th birthday Doodle Google has celebrated its birthday with a Doodle every year since its fourth birthday in 2002. However, the first Doodle, for the Burning Man festival in 1998, actually occurred before the company was technically founded. Last year, the company split under a new corporate umbrella, Alphabet, which hived off more outlandish divisions of the company such as its driverless cars unit and robotics subsidiary Boston Dynamics. The change saw its founders move away from Google’s day-to-day running. Larry Page and Sergey Brin in Google's early days Credit: AP 18 years after it was founded at Stanford University, Google is one of the world's most powerful companies. It is second only to Apple in value, with a market capitalisation of $541bn (£417bn). Page and Brin are ranked 12th and 13th on Forbes' list of the richest people in the world, with net worths of $35.2bn and $34.4bn respectively.  The Google Doodle - upgraded   Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Google Doodle Internet Google Show more Technology latest 18 Nov 2016, 1:14pm Apple considers making iPhones in America, reports claim 18 Nov 2016, 1:07pm Three Mobile under fire for failing to alert customers to data breach 18 Nov 2016, 12:10pm Three Mobile hack: how to protect yourself if you've been affected  18 Nov 2016, 11:08am Comment: Three data breach: It’s only a matter of time until we are all hacked, so let's learn to live with it James Titcomb Premium 17 Nov 2016, 5:45pm Humans 'will bully robot cars', Mercedes chief warns 17 Nov 2016, 4:58pm Samsung and Apple's grip on smartphone market slips to less than one in three sales 01:15 17 Nov 2016, 3:18pm Holidays, gadgets or fashion: Which have the biggest Black Friday discounts? 17 Nov 2016, 2:01pm What is Amazon Prime Video and how can I watch The Grand Tour? 01:32 17 Nov 2016, 11:39am Sea Hero Quest mobile game helps dementia diagnosis breakthrough 17 Nov 2016, 10:26am Russia orders internet providers to block LinkedIn 17 Nov 2016, 10:00am £4 USB device can hack a locked computer in under a minute 17 Nov 2016, 7:00am This folding paper bike helmet for cycle share schemes could save lives 17 Nov 2016, 5:04am Watchdog seeks broadband advertising changes to ensure speed expectations met 16 Nov 2016, 7:35pm Pokémon Sun and Moon review - A vibrant and delightful new take on the famous pocket monsters 4 16 Nov 2016, 5:26pm Comment: Snapchat isn't worth $25bn - but that won't stop the technorati making it so James Quinn Premium 16 Nov 2016, 4:14pm Comment: Sex site hackers can never crack the mysteries of the human psyche Zoe Strimpel Premium Gallery 16 Nov 2016, 1:13pm Gallery: The bestselling video game consoles of all time 16 Nov 2016, 12:25pm Comment: The AdultFriendFinder hack shows there are no real secrets online James Titcomb Premium 16 Nov 2016, 11:11am Cheap Android phones send owners' text messages and location data to China 16 Nov 2016, 10:20am Comment: AdultFriendFinder sex hack: We can't stop cheating - accept it Rebecca Reid Premium 15 Nov 2016, 7:55pm Google to create 3,000 more UK jobs in major boost for London technology scene If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google might release a new laptop and tablet that run on a completely new operating system Jeff Dunn Sep. 26, 2016, 12:04 PM 33,811 facebook linkedin twitter email print The 2013 Google Nexus 7 tablet. Google Google is working on a new laptop that runs on a new “Andromeda” operating system, which will merge aspects of Chrome OS into Android, according to a new report from Android Police’s David Ruddock. Another new report from 9to5Google corroborates that rumor, but adds that Andromeda is also set to arrive on a forthcoming “Huawei Nexus” tablet. That would likely be the presumed Google Nexus 7 successor that was apparently leaked earlier this month. (Curiously, 9to5Google says that tablet would keep the “Nexus” branding Google is rumored to be dropping with its new “Pixel” phones.) About the laptop: Android Police claims it’s codenamed “Bison,” and that it’s informally known as the “Pixel 3.” It’s said to pack a 12.3-inch touchscreen in a design that’s under 10 mm thick, which’d make it one of the thinnest notebooks in the world. Android Police speculates the Pixel 3 might feature a “convertible” design similar to Lenovo’s Yoga laptops, and that it’ll have a MacBook-esque glass trackpad that relies on haptic vibration feedback. Google is reportedly aiming to start it at $799. Google CEO Sundar Pichai. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Google is no stranger to laptop hardware, having released two Chromebook Pixels in the past, but both reports say the Pixel 3 wouldn’t run the Chrome OS you’d usually find on a Chromebook. Instead, both it and the Huawei-made tablet would run “Andromeda,” a new platform that is said to incorporate aspects of Chrome OS into Android. Exactly what Andromeda would do differently isn’t yet clear, but the idea of Google combining its laptop and mobile operating systems has been floated around since Chrome OS was first introduced. Those rumors picked up steam after a Wall Street Journal report last October, and invited further speculation after Google’s Hiroshi Lockheimer, the man in charge of both OSes, vaguely hinted that the company’s upcoming October 4 event would have historical significance for Android. We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today. I have a feeling 8 years from now we'll be talking about Oct 4, 2016. — Hiroshi Lockheimer (@lockheimer) September 24, 2016 Whatever the case, a merger between Chrome OS and Android would seem to harmonize what’ve traditionally been two separate spheres for the tech giant. Select Chromebooks recently gained the ability to run Android apps on Chrome OS, but this would appear to be a much tighter integration across device types, potentially similar to what Microsoft does with Windows today. The multitude of leaks suggests Andromeda is something that’s coming soon, but exactly when it'll launch remains a mystery. Android Police's report says Google wants to launch the presumed Pixel 3 in Q3 2017, but previous rumors suggested the Huawei-built tablet would be ready by the end of this year.  Google is already rumored to showcase two new ‘Pixel’ phones, its Google Home smart speaker, a 4K- and HDR-capable Chromecast, and a new “Google WiFi” router at the aforementioned October 4 event — if the Andromeda rumors become official on top of that, we could be looking at one of the most newsworthy days in the company’s history. Google declined our request for comment. SEE ALSO: Here's everything we know about Google's upcoming 'Pixel' smartphones More: Tech Gadgets Google Android Chrome OS Andromeda Pixel Pixel smartphones Nexus Laptops Tablets Rumors Report Alphabet facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google might release a new laptop and tablet that run on a completely new operating system Google might release a new laptop and tablet that run on a completely new operating system Google is working on a new laptop that runs on... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Home News Newsletter Tech Rent-a-Car Bangkok Downtown Bangkok Airport Pattaya Chiang Mai Phuket Town Phuket Airport Samui Hua Hin Destinations Hua Hin Phuket Chiang Mai Samui Cha-am Forums Forum Rules Members Forum Search Forum Netiquette Downloads Help Radio Hotels Bangkok Chiang Mai Hua Hin/Cha-am Krabi Pattaya Phuket Samui All cities Classifieds Submit your own ad Real estate Cars, bikes Computers, electronics Jobs, employment See all ads Property Dating More Advertise Contact us Your IP address Golf Translations Thai Baht rates Discount Flights Discount Shipping Weather Trending Report: Amazon Prime Video to launch in Thailand as part of global expansion New technology lets you charge your smartphone battery in just 5 minutes Russia blocks LinkedIn Here’s how to make Whatsapp more secure than ever before The Google Pixel smartphone can be hacked in 60 seconds The Jaguar I-Pace SUV is a stunning electric car to rival Tesla’s Model X Some holdups but high speed internet expected to reach 24,700 Thai villages within next year ‘Black Mirror’ reflects a high-tech world with wicked style Google teaches machines to become more fluent translators Facebook apologizes for latest metrics errors The flagship killer: New OnePlus 3T smartphone unveiled Secret backdoor software that sends user data to servers in China could affect 700 million Android phones PhotoScan: Google releases app to digitize boxes of old photo prints Twitter adds new options to curb abuse, harassment Tinder update allows gender options beyond ‘man,’ ‘woman’ We are a big hit in Chiang Mai – says Uber Google: The end is nigh for The Pirate Bay and other torrent sites Now EVERYONE can use Whatsapp’s best new feature Apple to release a new HUGE iPad Google is making major changes to one of the most useful features in Google Maps RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Navigate Home Thailand Apps & Software Security Mobile Internet Gadgets Tips Subscribe! You are at:Home»Apps & Software»Google Trips: New app wants to plan your holiday and be your tour guide Google Trips: New app wants to plan your holiday and be your tour guide 0 By Staff Writer on 2016-09-25 Apps & Software A A A Google have released a new app that it hopes will take away your holiday stress. The new app, Google Trips gives you all the information you could ever need o know about the new place that you are visiting and is described as a ‘personalised tour guide in your pocket’. Google Trips is available on both iOS and Android and has information on flights, local places of interest, hotels and even has GPS directions. The new app is capable for bringing all the information from your Gmail account together such as flight details, hotels and car hire and combine them in one easy to use tab. Once at your destination it can then create a detailed activity plan suggesting sites and activities for you to see and do in around 200 cities around the world. One great advantage about the app is that it works offline so you won’t need to worry about roaming charges. The launch of Google Trips follows on quickly from the announcement about updates to Google Maps, which now offers information on local businesses and attractions even if you can’t speak the local language. The recent updates to Google Maps adds several new categories that make finding local attractions, places of interest or businesses easier than ever. Staff Writer Share. Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Email Previous ArticleWhatever you do, don’t use Google Allo, says Edward Snowden Next Article Online services want your birthdate – creating security risk Related Posts 2016-11-18 0 Report: Amazon Prime Video to launch in Thailand as part of global expansion 2016-11-17 0 Here’s how to make Whatsapp more secure than ever before 2016-11-17 0 ‘Black Mirror’ reflects a high-tech world with wicked style The Conversation Follow the reactions below and share your own thoughts. Comments are closed. Recent Posts 2016-11-18 0 Report: Amazon Prime Video to launch in Thailand as part of global expansion 2016-11-18 0 New technology lets you charge your smartphone battery in just 5 minutes 2016-11-18 0 Russia blocks LinkedIn 2016-11-17 0 Here’s how to make Whatsapp more secure than ever before 2016-11-17 0 The Google Pixel smartphone can be hacked in 60 seconds 2016-11-17 0 The Jaguar I-Pace SUV is a stunning electric car to rival Tesla’s Model X 2016-11-17 0 Some holdups but high speed internet expected to reach 24,700 Thai villages within next year 2016-11-17 0 ‘Black Mirror’ reflects a high-tech world with wicked style 2016-11-17 0 Google teaches machines to become more fluent translators 2016-11-17 0 Facebook apologizes for latest metrics errors 2016-11-16 0 The flagship killer: New OnePlus 3T smartphone unveiled 2016-11-16 0 Secret backdoor software that sends user data to servers in China could affect 700 million Android phones 2016-11-16 0 PhotoScan: Google releases app to digitize boxes of old photo prints 2016-11-16 0 Twitter adds new options to curb abuse, harassment 2016-11-16 0 Tinder update allows gender options beyond ‘man,’ ‘woman’ Like ThaiTech on Facebook Tweets by @techthaivisa Categories Apps & Software Gadgets Guest articles Internet Latest videos Mobile Reviews Security Thailand Tips Tags Android Apple Apple watch apps China drones Facebook Facebook Messenger Galaxy S6 google Google Chrome hacking Huawei Internet Internet of Things iOS iPad iPhone iPhone 7 Microsoft Mobile MWC 2015 MWC 2016 Netflix Pokemon GO Samsung Samsung Galaxy Note 7 San Bernardino smartphones smartwatches smart watches Sony sony hack Tablets Tesla thailand Twitter Uber virtual reality wearables whatsapp Windows 10 Xiaomi Yahoo YouTube Join the discussion in our Tech Forum Blackberry DTEK in Thailand New Battery for Kindle Paperwhite Ebook Reader Any feedback on the One+3? KEEP in the Line app True smart 4G speedy4.0'' plus Galaxy S5 no WiFi Premium mobiles with 2 SIMs Galaxy S5 out of stock? About Tech by Thaivisa.com Tech news, gadgets, mobile devices, apps, tips and other cool stuff from SE-Asia and around the world. Subscribe to our newsletter: NameEmail Links About Contact Us / Advertise Write for ThaiTech Send us a tip TOS & Privacy Categories Apps & Software Gadgets Guest articles Internet Latest videos Mobile Reviews Security Thailand Tips © 2015 Thaivisa.com. All rights reserved.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Twitter Sales Rumors Heat Up, But Is A Deal Around The Corner? Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Twitter Sales Rumors Heat Up, But Is A Deal Around The Corner? Image courtesy of Tom Raftery September 26, 2016 11:43 am EST By Ashlee Kieler@akieler Is a deal imminent? twitter rumors speculation a twitter break salesforce google rumors and speculation In the three days since reports began to surface that Twitter was looking to sell itself — possibly to Google or professional networking site Salesforce — rumors, ranging from a $16 billion list price to a sale happening right this minute, have heated up significantly.  While Twitter is a hugely popular social media platform, all of that influence and reach doesn’t exactly make it a highly profitable — or sought after —  company. Still, the Wall Street Journal reports that Twitter’s user data and reach around the world might be enough to lure in a bevy of potential suitors. One such possibility is networking company Salesforce, which could use Twitter as a platform to grow exponentially. The WSJ speculates that Salesforce could use Twitter as an avenue for companies and the public to interact around customer service. Salesforce, which assists sales people keep track of customer contacts, marketers plan and execute campaigns, and customer-service reps solve problems, could find a gold mine of customer insights with the purchase of Twitter, analysts tell the WSJ. Any possible sale would also include the issues Twitter has faced in recent years, Bloomberg reports: a slumping user base and increased scrutiny over abuse and harassment on the site. Bloomberg reports that Salesforce’s interest in Twitter comes less than a year after the company unsuccessfully attempted to purchase LinkedIn. For Google, the purchase of Twitter would fill the company’s social-networking void. Additionally, Bloomberg reports that Google and Twitter could make a natural couple, as the former chief business officer for Google, Omid Kordestani, is now an executive chairman for Twitter. Speculation that a deal between Twitter and someone was imminent came into high gear over the weekend, when venture capitalist Marc Andreessen, who has long been outspoken on Twitter, abruptly left the social media site. While some have speculated that Andreessen’s departure occurred because he’s on the board for or was heavily invested with a company that is going to buy Twitter, a rep tells TechCrunch that Andreessen is simply on a break. Andreessen isn’t a board member for Salesforce or Google, but he does sit on the board for Facebook. According to Forbes, his portfolio also includes Pinterest, Stripe, Airbnb, Buzzfeed, and GitHub. If such a deal materializes, Bloomberg reports that it could be valued as high as $16 billion. That figure comes from Microsoft’s agreement to buy LinkedIn, which estimated Twitter to be worth $16.7 billion. Of course, as sources close the matter told CNBC last week, talks of any kind of acquisition are in early stages, and a deal might not materialize. Twitter’s Buyers Would Get Valuable Data and a Long To-Do List [Bloomberg] Marc Andreessen suddenly deletes all his tweets, goes on Twitter break [TechCrunch] Salesforce Weighs Twitter Bid to Spur Growth [The Wall Street Journal] September 26, 2016 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler Is a deal imminent? twitter rumors speculation a twitter break salesforce google rumors and speculation Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related looking for a suitor Report: Twitter Looking To Sell Itself — Maybe To Google over before it happened Report: Google, Disney Aren’t Going To Bid For Twitter After All snip snip Report: Twitter Preparing To Cut Hundreds Of Jobs After Failing To Find Buyer i'm mr. lonely Salesforce Joins Companies Walking Away From Twitter Purchase What? Why? Report: Disney Working On Bid For Twitter Previous Progresso Pledges To Use Only Antibiotic-Free Chickens For Its Soups Next Google Self-Driving Car Involved In Another Crash Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Google Self-Driving Car Involved In Another Crash Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV September 26 GOOG: 774.21 -12.69 Exclusive: Google plans to launch Andromeda on a ‘Nexus’ Huawei tablet, ‘Pixel’ laptop Stephen Hall - 2 months ago @hallstephenj Android Pixel Andromeda Huawei 7P View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit We’ve learned from multiple sources that Google plans to launch its forthcoming Andromeda Android/Chrome OS hybrid OS on two devices: a Huawei Nexus tablet and a “convertible laptop”. The latter device was just reported on by Android Police, and we can independently confirm that this device is planned. Our sources say, however, that a Huawei Nexus — yes, a Nexus — is also planned… Before you get too excited, I have to disclaim that I can’t matter-of-factly say with 100% certainty that the Huawei tablet will have Nexus branding, but we’ve heard from multiple sources (and hints from others) that — as of the time of this writing, at least — it will. And we can also say with some confidence that the device will be one of two devices that Google plans to launch with Andromeda. All evidence points to this device being the Huawei-made Google tablet that Evan Blass tweeted about a few weeks ago and perhaps related to the trademark filings we saw in April. We don’t have information on the hardware other than what Blass tweeted earlier this month, which claims that the device will have a 7-inch display and 4GB of RAM. We can’t confirm or deny these details this at this time, but people familiar with it have indeed referred to it as a “Nexus tablet.” Interestingly, we can also now further confirm that Google is indeed testing Andromeda on the Nexus 9, and one source claims this is “because of hardware constraints and availability.” We also have confirmation that Google will not be launching Andromeda on the Nexus 9 publicly. The second device is the ‘Pixel 3’ laptop that you probably read about this morning. It’s internally known as ‘Bison,’ made to show off what Google’s new ‘Andromeda’ OS would look like on a laptop. According to Android Police, there will be two models of the “ultra-thin laptop” with a 12.3-inch display. Configurations will reportedly include either an Intel M3 or i5 Core processor, either 32 or 128GB of storage and either 8GB or 16GB of RAM. There’s also apparently a fingerprint scanner, a 3.5mm jack, two USB-C ports, support for a stylus, stereo speakers, four microphones, a backlit keyboard, a glass trackpad with haptic feedback, and a 10 hour battery. As for pricing, it’s apparently set for around $800. We can’t independently confirm any of these ‘Pixel 3’ details, but one of our sources corroborates the main idea here: “Pixel, but targeting MacBook Pro users.” As for the timeline of these devices, Android Police‘s David Ruddock seems to believe that the fancy new “Pixel” laptop will launch in Q3 of 2017. That’s a long ways off. I think it would be reasonable to think that the elusive Huawei tablet — which Evan Blass says will be ready before end of year — will launch with Andromeda sometime before that — perhaps as a developer-focused device. Maybe, just maybe, Google is going back to the Nexus name’s roots with this 7-inch Nexus 6P successor. Update 9/26 2PM ET: As some have pointed out, it’s possible that the Huawei tablet — as a dev device — could actually have a version of Android out of the box, but have a “developer preview” version of Andromeda available to those who want to develop for it. We’re not clear on this point, but we’re fairly certain that Google plans for it to be able to run Andromeda in some form or fashion at some point. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Andromeda View THe Guide Pixel View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to enjoy a better experience. Hongkiat.com Main Menu Design / Dev Technology Inspiration Social Commerce All Deals Search Hongkiat for: Reveal Search Form Reveal Off-canvas Navigation 19 Useful Google Apps Scripts to Automate Google Drive Published by Ashutosh KS,in Internet Google Drive offers great features for storing and working with different types of files but it does lack at some features that are crucial for your work. Google Apps Scripts is an easy-to-use scripting language to get things done, which are otherwise not available in Drive. 10 Free Apps To Help Automate Tasks On Your Android Device 10 Free Apps To Help Automate Tasks On Your Android Device One thing most people love about Android is the freedom to create that is open source identity affords…Read more There are scripts that can let you read/extract text from images, convert files, auto-backup social photos or store Gmail attachments. Most scripts let you automate these services as well. Let’s check out how to make use of Google Apps Scripts to fill the missing holes in Google Drive and do many more things without third-party tools. Prerequisite: How to Run Google Apps Scripts To create and run a script in Drive, follow these steps: Create/open a Google Doc or Sheet. From Tools menu, select Script editor. Remove existing code and add your code. Go to File > Save > add script name > Click OK. To execute, click ►, or from the Run menu, select a function. If running the script for first time, it will ask for your authentication. Check the required permissions and click Allow. A yellow bar will appear at the centre-top, to indicate that the script is running. Please note these steps are for general scripts and certain scripts may require specific additional instructions to run. Convert and Email Google Sheets What it does: Converts Google Sheets to PDF and mails them using your Gmail account Lets you convert and send just one sheet using its sheet id. Send the PDF to multiple persons by adding their addresses, separated by commas. Use Case Scenario: It’s helpful in scenarios like when you wish to send marketing data to a third party but don’t want to share the whole spreadsheet. You can use this script to send a PDF version. This way required data is shared without compromising your whole spreadsheet’s info. Convert Images to Text using OCR What it does: Converts images to text documents using the OCR technology; saves them in your drive. Use Case Scenario: This script proves beneficial in situations when you need to edit text in imges or do research on a large number of images. It makes the converted images editable and searchable. It saves your time and efforts and gives trustworthy text output as it uses the Google’s native OCR technology. Track File Editors in Google Drive What it does: Finds out which user made changes to your Google Drive’s native files. Displays the dates and times when the file was modified along with the name and email address of users who made the changes to your shared documents/files. Use Case Scenario: This script is useful for tracking the modifications made in your drive, including Sheets, Documents, Presentations and other Google Drive formats. Save a Webpage to Google Drive What it does: Saves or backs up webpage on any URL to Google Drive. Fetches the web page and saves the same as HTML file (by default) or your configured extension. Maintains a nice folder structure for storing multiple web pages or their copies. Use Case Scenario: This script is most helpful for researchers, scholars, bloggers and such who need to research lots of websites and might need to save them for future reference. Do remember to change the RESOURCE_URL in the snippet to the link you wish to download. Send a Google Doc via Email What it does: Sends a Google Doc through email to anyone and places the doc’s content as the email’s body (rather than an attachment). Converts the doc to HTML and sends the same via email Use Case Scenario: If you want to send something not as an attachment but as part of the email, this is the that gets the job done. Do note you must change documentId, recipient, subject to their actual values in the 4th line. Host a Website on Google Drive What it does: Host any static website including files like HTML, CSS, JS, image, podcast, etc on Google Drive. (Drive can’t be used to serve dynamic sites like those using PHP or Java backends.) Use Case Scenario: This script is useful when you don’t wish to buy a hosting plan or domain for your site. It’s completely free of charge and Google’s servers are a lot faster than many hosting providers in the world. Download Instagram Photos to Drive What it does: Downloads multiple Instagram photos and save them to your drive automatically. Download photos using certain tags or from any specific Instagram URL. Images are kept in a separate folder in Drive for easy maintenance. Use Case Scenario: It’s helpful for Instagram fans, collectors and researchers who maintain data backups in Drive. Convert a Google Doc to Markdown What it does: Converts a Google Doc to the markdown (.md) format. It mails you the converted document along with images automatically. (Note it may get into problems with data using complex formatting.) Use Case Scenario: It’s useful for bloggers and publishers who regularly use the markdown format for publishing online. Using this, they can avoid manual work of converting their content for every draft. Set Auto-Expiry for Shared Data What it does: Sets an auto-expiry interval on the shared files and folders in Drive Automatically removes access to other users after the certain period (of auto-expiry). Use Case Scenario: This script is useful for allowing limited access to your drive’s data and relieves you from worrying about forgetting to unshare data. This feature is already available for Google Apps for Work users, but if you’re free user, then it’s for you. Save Gmail Attachments in Drive What it does: Extracts and saves all Gmail attachments to a particular folder in your drive. Notify progress of fetched attachments, via email but requires setting up notification preferences. Use Case Scenario: If you prefer to store attachments into cloud storages like Drive, then this is the script to get. Search All Files in Google Drive What it does: Searches all your files in the drive and displays the results in simple-to-digest style in a Google Sheet. Supports docs, sheets, presentations and few other text formats. Use Case Scenario: Search through your files and piles of data quickly with this. List Directory in Google Drive What it does: Lists all files and folders of a Google Drive’s directory recursively Write this data in easy-to-see format in a spreadsheet. Use Case Scenario: Good for making sense of all the data in your Drive, and for file management purposes. Do note that for this script to work, you must set the folderId first in the code. A folder id is everything after the ‘folders/‘ portion of a folder’s address. Convert Google Docs to HTML What it does: Converts Google Docs to HTML format for easy sharing or using in web pages or source code editors. Supports various basic HTML tags or formatting options but do understand it doesn’t work very well for complex text formatting. Use Case Scenario: Helpful mostly for writers, bloggers and publishers seeking posts for HTML-ready tools. Do remember to set the KEY and FILE_ID variables in the code. Combine Data from Multiple Sheets What it does: Merges data from multiple sheets of a particular spreadsheet into a single sheet in the current spreadsheet. Use Case Scenario: This script is helpful in situations wherein you have got multiple sheets of common data (including common headers and structure) and you wish to combine them into one large sheet of data. Export Google Sheets to CSV Files What it does: Exports sheets in the current spreadsheet as individual CSV files in Drive. Use Case Scenario: It’s helpful for people who regularly use Sheets for managing and storing data and require data in CSV format for sharing or use in other apps. Without this, Google Sheets only convert and download one sheet at a time. After copying code into the Script Editor, re-open that spreadsheet and check the Add-ons menu. Convert a Google Sheet to PDF Invoice What it does: Converts any particular sheet to a PDF invoice and save to your Drive. Use Case Scenario: Good for users who regularly use the Google Apps ecosystem as their work tool and have to deal with product invoices and such. Upload a URL directly to Google Drive What it does: Uploads any individual file (or multiple files) from a specific URL to your drive automatically. Files are saved in a specific folder in the drive and it can easily upload multiple files from multiple links provided it’s given one at a time. Use Case Scenario: For people who like to keep data from the Web in Drive. All it needs is the link of the page you need. To use, copy code into the Script Editor and go to Publish > Deploy as web app… Download Google+ Profiles to Google Sheets What it does: Fetches publicly available Google+ profiles’ data to a Google Sheet. The fetched data includes name, work info, profile picture and more. The only input it requires is the profile id of the person you wish to get data about and this works for multiple profiles. Use Case Scenario: This is extremely helpful for data entry and social media analysts for data collection. Convert PDF Attachments to Plain Text What it does: Converts all PDF attachments from Gmail to plain text format for easy sharing/storing You can specify the PDF’s original language (for extracting the text) and save the output plain text files along with the original PDF files in Google Drive. Use Case Scenario: You regularly receive PDFs via mails and want to save them in Drive in original or plain text form. It does the job in batches. How did you find this list? Do you know any more Google Apps Scripts which help ease life of a Drive user? Please let us know using the comments section below. More Load More Posts © 2007‐2016 Hongkiat.com (HKDC). All Rights Reserved. Reproduction of materials found on this site, in any form, without explicit permission is prohibited. Publishing policy ‐ Privacy Policy Close Search Search Hongkiat
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Apple lowers price of iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ repair to $189 CAD November 17, 2016 iPhone call history is stored in iCloud, says security firm report November 17, 2016 OnePlus 3 and 3T to get software updates at the same time, says OnePlus November 16, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 software update encourages Canadians to return device for refund November 16, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Facebook acquires FacioMetrics to potentially improve Snapchat-like filters November 17, 2016 Firefox Focus is Mozilla’s new privacy-focused iOS browser November 17, 2016 Apple could lower its cut of subscription fees for video apps November 17, 2016 Twitter adds Snapchat-like QR codes for following users November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers CRTC and FCC sign agreement to work together to block robocalls and spoofing November 17, 2016 Bell Canada hacker sentenced to four years in American prison November 17, 2016 Innovation Minister Navdeep Bains discusses digital economy, 5G, wireless competition and pricing at IIC November 17, 2016 The best quotes from CRTC’s Jean-Pierre Blais at IIC (including Shomi, Guy Laurence and net neutrality) November 16, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 4 technology promises 5 hours of use for 5 minutes of charging November 17, 2016 The best quotes from CRTC’s Jean-Pierre Blais at IIC (including Shomi, Guy Laurence and net neutrality) November 16, 2016 Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Airbnb’s Trips wants to be your new Travel agency November 17, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Apple lowers price of iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ repair to $189 CAD November 17, 2016 iPhone call history is stored in iCloud, says security firm report November 17, 2016 OnePlus 3 and 3T to get software updates at the same time, says OnePlus November 16, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 software update encourages Canadians to return device for refund November 16, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Facebook acquires FacioMetrics to potentially improve Snapchat-like filters November 17, 2016 Firefox Focus is Mozilla’s new privacy-focused iOS browser November 17, 2016 Apple could lower its cut of subscription fees for video apps November 17, 2016 Twitter adds Snapchat-like QR codes for following users November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers CRTC and FCC sign agreement to work together to block robocalls and spoofing November 17, 2016 Bell Canada hacker sentenced to four years in American prison November 17, 2016 Innovation Minister Navdeep Bains discusses digital economy, 5G, wireless competition and pricing at IIC November 17, 2016 The best quotes from CRTC’s Jean-Pierre Blais at IIC (including Shomi, Guy Laurence and net neutrality) November 16, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 4 technology promises 5 hours of use for 5 minutes of charging November 17, 2016 The best quotes from CRTC’s Jean-Pierre Blais at IIC (including Shomi, Guy Laurence and net neutrality) November 16, 2016 Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Airbnb’s Trips wants to be your new Travel agency November 17, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close A first look at the ‘built for photography’ $430 Asus Zenfone 3 [Gallery] Google will reportedly launch ‘Andromeda’ hybrid OS in 2017 alongside new Nexus tablet and Pixel laptop Google’s Echo competitor ‘Home’ will reportedly cost $129 at launch Rob Attrell September 26, 2016 11:26am Earlier this year at I/O 2016, Google showed off a new voice-activated smart home product called Google Home. Since then speculation has been swirling regarding what features would make it into the first version, how much the it will cost, and exactly what could sway customers away from the Amazon’s Echo. This week, it looks like at least one of those questions seems to have been answered. A report from Android Police indicates Google’s big October 4th event will apparently also be where the company reveals more about its smart home assistant. Google Home will reportedly cost $129 USD, which is cheaper than the Echo, and there will also be a 4k compatible version of the Chromecast, called Chromecast Ultra, at $69 USD. As for the functionality present in the first-generation Google Home, speculation indicates a super-powered version of Google Now, now known as Google Assistant, will play a significant role in the device. This voice-controlled assistant is also expected to be included in Google’s upcoming Pixel smartphones that are set to debut on October 4th. SourceAndroid Police norsem4n Maybe that is a feature they plan to include? Android / iOS remote scent access? Phreqd I’d like to know which services it is compatible with. The Echo seems to be compatible with a wide variety. If it’s limited from the start, I’m not interested. Salinger The big question is, will it be available in Canada at launch? Bruno Ribeiro If this is still a Canadian website please specify USD in the title. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonWhat Is Workplace By Facebook? Director Julien Codorniou Tells Us At Disrupt London This December Save £250 On Tickets Now Google Open source and coopetition are the new normal Kubernetes founders launch Heptio with $8.5M in funding to help bring containers to the enterprise Google’s DNI fund puts €24M into 124 news projects across Europe Browse more... register vote Don’t take an illegal selfie with your ballot Google adds ballot information to search results Google is running home page ads pushing people to get registered to vote Browse more... Politics Levie on what Trump could mean for tech Update on the Barcelona Mini Meetup Analysis of social media did a better job at predicting Trump’s win than the polls Browse more... voting Google will display election results as soon as polls close Facebook gives users local ballot guides in voting initiative Tinder brings “Swipe the Vote” worldwide, so everyone can have a say on Clinton vs Trump Browse more... Google adds Spanish-language voting guides to Search Posted Sep 26, 2016 by Sarah Perez (@sarahintampa) 0 SHARES Next Story Square hopes to ease the EMV transition with faster transaction times Google is continuing its push to get more Americans registered to vote ahead of the upcoming presidential elections by expanding its voter information guides in Google Search to Spanish. While the company was already providing web searchers with details on how to get registered and how to vote, based on your current location, those guides were only triggered by searches for English phrases and keywords. Now, Google Search users who query things like “inscribirse para votar” or “como votar,” for example, will also see the same information, translated into Spanish. This includes the customized information for your state, as determined by your device’s location when searching. That means you’ll see things like registration guidelines for your state, and when your polls open and close, rather than more general voter information. In addition, the search feature will help Google users figure out how to get registered for early voting or to for voting by mail. The company is looping in YouTube in the voting efforts, too, spotlighting videos from well-known YouTube stars and creators as part of YouTube’s vote campaign, #voteIRL. There’s a “Register to Vote” playlist, as well, which is meant to show how quick you can get registered by comparing the 1 minute, 34 second registration process to other tasks and activities, again as demoed by YouTube stars and celebs. Google says it’s focusing on getting more people registered because studies show that the majority of registered voters end up making it to the polls to vote — 86 percent of registered voters also voted in the November 2012 election, for example, according to data from the U.S. Census Bureau. Of course, expanding this voter information to the Spanish language is important in this historic election, where Hispanic voters — who, as a whole, support Clinton over Trump — have the power to sway the election’s results if they show up at the polls in large numbers. But, according to data from Pew Research, only about half of all Latinos (49 percent) say they are “absolutely certain” they are registered to vote. That compares with 69 percent of blacks and 80 percent of whites, who say the same. By injecting Google Search with Spanish-language instructions on getting registered, voting requirements and voting days and hours, Google could potentially have an impact on the vote just by including this information in Search. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Search Description Search is Google's core product and is what got them an official transitive verb addition to the Merriam Webster for google. Website http://Google.com Full profile for Google Search Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla Acquisition of SolarCity Approved | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes register vote Politics voting Google Popular Posts Featured Stories Nom Launches Redesigned App VIDEO | 3:17 | Apps Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 17 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 19 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Open source and coopetition are the new normal 20 hours ago | Ron Miller YC tries a new experiment: temporary partners 20 hours ago | Connie Loizos Latest From TechCrunch Apple adds former Wall Street Journal editor to its China PR team 1 hour ago | Jon Russell French IoT startup Sigfox confirms €150M Series E at €600M valuation 2 hours ago | Ingrid Lunden Telemedicine company Syounika Online snags top prize at TechCrunch Tokyo 3 hours ago | Haje Jan Kamps Three UK suffers major data breach via compromised employee login 3 hours ago | Natasha Lomas Comment moderation powered by Up Next Square hopes to ease the EMV transition with faster transaction times Posted Sep 26, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Niantic’s new invite-only “Portal Recon” tool lets players vote real-world locations into Ingress 21 hours ago by Greg Kumparak Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation yesterday by Frederic Lardinois Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 19 hours ago by Matthew Lynley French IoT startup Sigfox confirms €150M Series E at €600M valuation 2 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 8 hours ago by Jon Russell Three UK suffers major data breach via compromised employee login 3 hours ago by Natasha Lomas Report: Apple asked manufacturing partners to explore making iPhones in the U.S. 4 hours ago by Jon Russell Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 17 hours ago by Darrell Etherington How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming 19 hours ago by Jeff Kavanaugh The $5 PoisonTap quickly, completely hijacks even a locked computer’s internet yesterday by Devin Coldewey
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Google Tech Google reportedly working on a laptop and tablet running an Android-Chrome OS hybrid New, 57 comments by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Sep 26, 2016, 11:24am EDT share tweet Linkedin Google is reportedly working on a new Pixel laptop that will run on the long-gestating new operating system that merges Android and Chrome OS. According to Android Police and 9to5Google, the device is known internally by the codename "Bison" or Pixel 3, and will run on what's currently being called "Andromeda" when it sees release in Q3 2017. In addition, 9to5Google also reports that Huawei is working on a new Nexus tablet that will also run the new OS. To be released in Q3 2017 Both outlets report that the new laptop won't be marketed as a Chromebook. Rather, the device is far more ambitious, serving as a fully realized notebook running software that's meant to rival Windows and macOS when it comes to productivity. The notebook will be 10mm thick, have 12.3-inch displays, and will convert into a tablet mode with stylus support. As far as features are concerned, there'll be an Intel processor, two USB-C ports, a backlit keyboard, and a glass trackpad with force detection a la the new MacBooks. As for the new Nexus tablet, details are slimmer, but it will reportedly have a 7-inch display and 4GB of RAM and also run on Andromeda. Evan Blass tweeted earlier this month that the new tablet was on track for the end of the year. Google's Huawei-built 7-inch tablet, with 4GB RAM, on track for release before the end of the year. — Evan Blass (@evleaks) September 5, 2016 Crucially, the new Andromeda OS powering the devices looks like the Android-Chrome OS hybrid Google has been working on for some time. The Wall Street Journal and The Verge confirmed last year that the search giant was attempting to fold Chrome OS into its more-dominant mobile cousin, with plans to release hardware running on the OS by 2017. That this new Pixel will potentially see release by this time next year does seem to line up with that original timeline. What's more, 9to5Google also reports that Google is testing the new OS on the recently discontinued Nexus 9. Don't expect to see the "Bison" at next week's Pixel event Does any of this mean observers should expect news about "Bison," the new Nexus, or Andromeda at Google's Pixel event next week? It's complicated. All signs so far show that the event will be devoted to new phones and Android Nougat's next phase, so it's possible the Huawei Nexus will make an appearance. However, Q3 2017 is a long way off. Anything can happen in a year's time, so it's entirely possible Google will push back this clearly ambitious effort. Still, there's every reason to be excited about what Google has planned for computing in years ahead. Source: Android Police, 9to5Google More From The Verge Sand's End Facebook won’t call itself a media company. Here’s how it can still support journalism Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon suggests having too many Asian tech CEOs undermines ‘civic society’ Facebook's Like button is a built-in filter bubble Your life will be a video game Supported By Consider the PS4 Pro before you buy that expensive gaming PC Now Trending Microsoft Surface Studio review: a beautiful invader of Apple's base Sand's End Google has added an eraser for bleak skies in Photos This Article has a component height of 12. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Poll Tech First Click Poll: Is this the holiday you finally buy that drone? by Thomas Ricker@Trixxy I really want a drone. Every Christmas since I was a kid has been highlighted by some kind of remote controlled vehicle. I’ve had countless RC cars, of course; tanks, boats, and lots and lots of remote-controlled helicopters. The quality has... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Science Tech Researchers send text message using chemicals by James Vincent@jjvincent We take it for granted that modern communication systems — everything from smartphones to the internet — use electronics to send and receive messages, but what if that weren’t the case? A group of researchers from Stanford are exploring an... New, 0 comments US & World Entertainment Politics Kanye West: America is a racist country and I would have voted Trump by James Vincent@jjvincent At a concert in San Jose during his Saint Pablo tour, Kanye West opened up about the 2016 election in typical style. According to videos and tweets from the night, West told fans —in no particular order — that if he'd voted he would have voted for... New, 22 comments Microsoft Gaming Tech Microsoft cuts top Xbox One games by 40% in Black Friday deals by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is unveiling its Black Friday deals for the Xbox One today. New Xbox One games like Battlefield 1, FIFA 17, Titanfall 2, and even Overwatch are all being discounted by up to 40 percent. Battlefield is available for $40.19 until November... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Cybersecurity UK hackers use customer mobile data to steal their upgrade phones by James Vincent@jjvincent Hackers have accessed a database of customer information belonging to one of the UK’s biggest mobile carriers, Three. According to a report from The Telegraph, the company said the database included names, phone numbers, addresses, and dates of... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Tech This Panasonic megaphone automatically translates commands into multiple languages by Sam Byford@345triangle Japanese businesses are finding they need to deal with increasing numbers of foreign visitors to Japan, and Panasonic thinks it has the answer: a megaphone that translates the user’s voices into multiple languages. The Megahonyaku, which is a... New, 4 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums Black Friday iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Google's Own Echo-Like Device 'Google Home' Rumored to Cost $130 Monday September 26, 2016 9:23 AM PDT by Mitchel Broussard Google will formally announced its Wi-Fi enabled smart home device, Google Home, at its upcoming October 4 press event, according to a new report by Android Police. The device is rumored to cost $129 and the company will sell different color plates so users can personalize the look of Home. At $129, Google Home would be $50 cheaper than Amazon Echo, which offers a selection of similar services and features to users. Google originally discussed Home at its I/O Conference in May, detailing how users will be able to make voice-enabled Google searches, manage everyday tasks, enjoy music and entertainment, and more using hands-free "OK Google" voice commands. Continuing in the vein of other smart home speakers, Home can play and control music, sync with various online services that provide traffic reports and weather forecasts, and interact with other smart home products like Nest. It's believed that Google could use a version of its intelligent chat AI Google Assistant -- which it uses in Allo -- to fuel Home's voice-control abilities. The October 4 event is thought to be the launch pad of a few other Google products, including the $69 Chromecast Ultra (with 4K and HDR streaming), a new Daydream VR headset, and the company's new lineup of Android phones. The connected smart home speaker device is slowly becoming a popular platform following Amazon's success with Echo and Echo Dot. Apple is rumored to be entering the space with a Siri-enabled alternative, which might have facial recognition but is otherwise thought to offer many of the same search inquiries, music listening, and voice assistant features of Echo and Home. Recent reports have placed the device in prototype testing, which could mean it's between six months and a year from making it to market, but because Apple hasn't officially finalized any plans it "could still scrap the project." Tags: Google, Google Home 46 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Anuba 8 weeks ago Siri is great for doing stuff locally on your Mac/iOS device, but for everything else, Google runs circles around it. Given that this particular device is basically a talking tuna can, it has no tasks you'd like to perform on the actual device, and therefore it would only offer you the worst part of Siri - the crippled web searches, the Wolfram Alpha nonsense, the perplexing mishearings and the general cluelessness about the world outside the Apple ecosystem. If I had a device like that, I'd like it to be Google powered so I can yell random stuff like "Hey when does the new season of The Walking Dead start?" and get a useful response. That example was actually from yesterday. I asked the Google app and it responded "The Walking Dead returns to AMC Sunday, October 23 9/8 c". I asked Siri the exact same question and she responded "Unfortunately, TV shows are not available on the iTunes Store in your country" (Sweden). That response sums up everything I hate about Siri - limited, lazy, uncreative and shamelessly Apple-centric ("sorry, there's no money for Apple in your request so we're not wasting any further bandwidth on it, go pester someone else, foreign peasant".) Rating: 11 Votes 69Mustang 8 weeks ago Yeah, especially after Apple made the very first MP3 player, smartphone, tablet, and smartwatch. Dude, what the gosh darn hell are you talking about?!?! Apple wasn't even close to being the first to bring out those devices. See this is why I think Apple fanboys are just the worst at misremembering history. Everything was invented by Apple. Steve Jobs farted technicolor rainbows. Let me tell you something filmatopia, if that's even your real name. Here's the real truth that all Apple fans are afrai... /wife reads quote over shoulder /explains sarcasm :oops: /goes back to Yahoo! comment section Bengahzi? Bengahzi!! You don't know what the... Rating: 10 Votes Fall Under Cerulean Kites 8 weeks ago The last thing I want is a Google listening device in my home. Rating: 8 Votes filmantopia 8 weeks ago surprised apple is late to the game here. i always figured the ATv4 and it's remote could do this. Yeah, especially after Apple made the very first MP3 player, smartphone, tablet, and smartwatch. Rating: 8 Votes Hallucinator 8 weeks ago That thing looks like a Glade air freshener Rating: 7 Votes kdarling 8 weeks ago Dude, what the gosh darn hell are you talking about?!?! Apple wasn't even close to being the first to bring out those devices. They didn't invent any of these, they took the concepts that were already on the market and transformed them into mainstream products. He was clearly being sarcastic. I don't want a Google air freshener! Perhaps someone will come out with boxes to cover it. Personally I think if they are going to do a stone sculpture thingie, then gosh darn make them look like one of the stones in "The Fifth Element" ! Complete with motion and light effects when you breath on them :D I don’t personally trust Google. Their business model is based upon selling subscriber information. Apple’s is based on selling devices. That makes me Apple’s customer and Google’s product. Big difference. Oh good grief. Google doesn't sell info. They sell anonymous slots, just like Apple does with iAds. As for that "product" meme, Apple charges banks for access to us in Pay, and Apple makes billions by selling Google the default search engine spot. Both are examples of us being something that Apple sells to other companies. (Note that Cook didn't say we weren't a product to Apple. Instead he only pointed out that we were products to other companies... which ironically include ones that he sells our access to. He use _a_ truth to hide the whole truth. Oldest trick in the PR book.) Rating: 6 Votes AngerDanger 8 weeks ago They should call it the Apple Core. :D I'm thinking they should get back to their roots and reuse the naming convention that gave us the Macintosh: naming it after a kind of apple. My vote would be for the name Granny Smith, and that could even be how the device is referred to. "Granny Smith." "Yes, dearie?" "What's the weather going to be like today?" "Ooh, it'll get a bit nippy by the end of the day. Don't forget your gloves; we wouldn't want you catching a cold. And finish your milk before you go." Rating: 6 Votes samcraig 8 weeks ago Wow, I’d buy one it it could figure that out! Think of the time savings! [doublepost=1474911460][/doublepost] I don’t personally trust Google. Their business model is based upon selling subscriber information. Apple’s is based on selling devices. That makes me Apple’s customer and Google’s product. Big difference. Very misguided. And debunked often in this forum. Maybe if you clarify what you mean by google selling subscriber info? Also given iTunes, iAds, etc - how Apple doesn't do the same? Rating: 3 Votes shanson27 8 weeks ago Hihi :D, google and privacy, it doesn't fits together Rating: 2 Votes asleep 8 weeks ago They should call it the Apple Core. :D Rating: 2 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Teardowns Confirm 13-Inch and 15-Inch Touch Bar MacBook Pros Have Non-Removable SSDs 3 minutes ago on Front Page iFixit has completed its teardown of the new 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, confirming the notebook is equipped with a non-removable SSD just like the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. Only... 2 comments Some 15-Inch MacBook Pro Models Misreporting Intel Iris Pro 580 Graphics 45 minutes ago on Front Page Several MacRumors readers have discovered that System Information readouts on some 15-inch MacBook Pro units appear to suggest they are running Iris Pro 580 integrated graphics, rather than Intel HD... 54 comments Apple Launches 'Touch Disease' Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus 15 hours ago on Front Page Apple today launched a new repair program for the iPhone 6 Plus, addressing complaints about a manufacturing issue that can cause the iPhone 6 Plus to become unresponsive to touch. According to... 264 comments In-Store Pickup Now Available for MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 16 hours ago on Front Page Starting today, Apple has made in-store pickup available for the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar in the United States, allowing customers to check stock at their local store and reserve a machine... 96 comments Here's a Look Inside Apple's New $200 Photo Book 17 hours ago on Front Page Apple this week unveiled its latest product, a hardbound photo book that showcases 20 years of Apple products, highlighting every Mac, iPhone, iPod, and iPad released between 1998 and 2015. ... 198 comments Apple Releases New 'Bulbs' MacBook Pro Ad Highlighting Touch Bar 18 hours ago on Front Page Apple today uploaded a new MacBook Pro ad to its YouTube channel, showcasing the machine's Touch Bar and comparing it to major inventions throughout time. Called "Bulbs," the ad... 174 comments Apple Says it Syncs Call Logs on iCloud As a 'Convenience to Customers' Amid Security Concerns 19 hours ago on Front Page Earlier today, reports surfaced on The Intercept and Forbes claiming Apple "secretly" syncs Phone and FaceTime call history logs on iCloud, complete with phone numbers, dates and times, and... 92 comments Microsoft Surface Studio Reviews: Apple Fans Might Be 'Tempted to Switch Camps', Despite High Price 19 hours ago on Front Page A few weeks after Microsoft unveiled the Surface Studio to the public at a media event in New York City, a few websites have begun publishing the first reviews for Microsoft's new desktop... 296 comments • System Integrity Protection Inexplicably Disabled by Default on Some New MacBook Pro Models (93) • Future iPhones Could Be 'Made in America' as Apple Asks Foxconn to Consider U.S. Manufacturing (325) • AirPods Launch Rumors Now Include Dates in Late November and December (101) • Apple Stores to Host Free 'Hour of Code' Workshops in Early December (17) • Rumored 5.8" OLED iPhone Said to Have 5.1" to 5.2" Active Display Area (90) • Amazon Prime Membership is $79 Tomorrow Only, £59 for U.K. Customers Starting Today (114) • Apple's OLED Suppliers Won't Be Able to Meet Demand for 2017 iPhone (106)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade We're Streaming iOS Games Live on Mobcrush [Offline] Classic Reload - 'Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP' A Chat with Image & Form's Brjann Sigurgeirsson on 'SteamWorld Heist' and Future Plans 'Neon Chrome' Review - The Roguelike That's Just Right 'Guildlings' Reveals its First Character, Gwynn, in Second Newsletter Moana Makes Her Way To 'Disney Crossy Road' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google Pixel 3 Notebook Running ‘Andromeda’ Rumored For Q3 2017 Release By Adnan Farooqui on 09/26/2016 08:22 PST A new rumor suggests that Google is working on a new Pixel notebook which is going to be released in the third quarter of next year. The project is apparently known as “Bison” internally at Google and is often referred to as the Pixel 3. This is said to be the first brand new device from Google which showcases the rumored Andromeda operating system which is reportedly going to combine Android and Chrome OS. The Pixel 3 project is said to be completely different from Google’s current initiatives to bring Android apps to Chromebooks. The rumor claims that this new notebook is going to be marketed as a completely new product and that it won’t feature the Chromebook branding. It’s claimed that the Pixel 3 is going to be an ultra-thin laptop that features a 12.3 inch display. Google may include a tablet mode in it as well which will make it a laptap/tablet hybrid device. The Pixel 3 may be powered by an Intel m3 or i5 Core processor with up to 128GB of storage and perhaps 16GB of RAM. Expected specifications also include a fingerprint scanner, two USB Type-C ports, a 3.5mm headphone jack, stereo speakers, support for a stylus, and more. It is claimed that the specifications are very much subject to change. Prices for this notebook are expected to start at $799 with retail availability pegged for Q3 2017. Google has obviously not confirmed anything about this device as yet but we’re bound to hear more about it in the coming months through unofficial sources. Filed in Computers. Read more about Google. Related Articles 2016-11-18 OnePlus 3T Faces Off With Pixel XL In Charging Speed Test 2016-11-18 Google Play Newsstand Gets A More Relevant Makeover 2016-11-17 Google Clamping Down On Unauthorized Pixel Phone Resellers 2016-11-17 Google Maps Will Now Show Toilet Locations In India 2016-11-16 Google Allo Updated With Themes, Suggested Stickers, And More Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs New HTC Bolt Rendering Leaked In Black Uncourage Keychain Helps Prevent Losing The iPhone 7’s 3.5mm Adapter Nintendo Power Line Is Being Revived For A Few Days Samsung Galaxy S8 Release Date, Specs, Features & News User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries e-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Google wants to help plan your vacation Monday Sep 26, 2016 at 2:01 AM By Justin SablichThe New York Times Google Maps revolutionized how you get from point A to point B. Google Trips aims to to do the same for how you vacation. The smartphone app, released on Monday, uses what it already knows about you, based on data it has collected from your Gmail account, and combines it with established features from its other offerings, like Destinations, and its large database of crowd-sourced reviews. The goal, as Google puts it, is to create a “personalized tour guide in your pocket.” “We wanted to reduce the hassle and help travelers enjoy their hard-earned vacations,” Stefan Frank, the app’s product manager, wrote on Google’s blog. The app can do a lot, probably equal to what four travel apps could do, but it can’t do everything. Here’s what you need to know before setting off on your first Google trip. It’s all-inclusive (Only if you use Gmail) After setting up the app using your Gmail account, you can create your first trip — simply search for the destination city and put in your dates. If you’re hitting multiple cities, you can add those as well. If the app has enough of your data, you may already have the trip listed. In that case, you do not have to create a new one, just jump into the existing trip and make changes as you see fit. The app has complete guides for more than 200 major cities, and each of those has six main features: Reservations, Things to Do, Saved Places, Day Plans, Food & Drink and Getting Around. There are guides for most other cities as well, but you won’t get Day Plans and Getting Around options for those smaller locations. Reservations will show you the flight, hotel and car rental information that it collects from the Gmail account you registered with. You’ll need to forward any reservations made using your work email to your Gmail account if you want those to show up. It’s also worth noting that you cannot make reservations directly from the app — it shows only the reservations you already made. I had nothing definite planned, but for testing’s sake, I tried out a hypothetical trip to Boston. Things to Do is a good place to start. It recommends destinations broken down by category, from the simple “Indoors” vs. “Outdoors” to city-specific labels like “Newbury Street Shops” and interest-specific ones like “Selfie Spots.” If you see something you like, hit the star icon and it’ll add it to your Saved Places. This breakdown and the ability to save will look familiar to anyone who has used Gogobot. Day Plans are suggested themed itineraries. For example, Historic Boston has 10 sights mapped out, each one including all of the information you’d see if you found it on Google search (reviews, open and close time) and the travel time between each stop. Food & Drink will give you a basic overview of the area’s specialties, and then suggest establishments based on categories like “family-friendly,” “food with a view,” “cocktail specialists” and many more. Getting Around has all the transportation information you could think of. You get all of your airport options, from public transportation directions to costs of taxis. It’s a data-saver You’ve probably already saved some dough by using the offline feature on Google Maps. You can do the same here by downloading each trip to your phone. And all the information will be accessible even if you’re not connected to the internet or to cellular service. You won’t need to eat into your data with Google Trips, or be stuck if your vacation is in a remote location with no cell service. Using the app with a data or Wi-Fi connection does have a few perks. If the weather takes a turn for the worse, the app will suggest indoor activities. It’ll also show whether a place is open or closed in real time. But you’re not missing much in offline mode. It’s customizable If you’re strapped for time, the suggested Day Plans seem to have something for everyone. But you can also customize each recommended plan by adding or deleting stops, or create one from scratch. The app will also suggest places to visit based on what it knows about you (which, by now, is a lot). It had Fenway Park on the top of my “For You” list, since it has rightfully concluded that I’m a baseball fan. Then again, “Boston With Kids” was another suggested Day Plan and I don’t have any of those. It’s kind of creepy Before you create your first trip, you’ll see some of your previous trips that you didn’t even share. That’s because it has already pulled in information from your Gmail account, so it knows which hotels you stayed in and where you rented a car from and stores this information under Reservations. This could be useful if you plan on returning some day. But if you’d rather not have the stroll down memory lane, you can delete previous trips quite easily. It’s also not perfect. Occasional suggestions miss the mark. Also, I recently returned from a weekend away and it had this week blocked off for me as a trip to New York, which is where I live. It’s free There is no fine print here. As long as you don’t consider the fact that Google now has a new way of collecting your data as a price to pay, there is no monetary charge for using the app. This is significant if you compare it to similar travel apps like TripIt, which costs $49 per year for its premium service. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Subscribe Now Manage My Account Vacation Stops/Restarts FAQs Contact Us Terms of Service Submissions News Tips Letters to the Editor Calendar Events Obituaries Legal Notices Advertising Advertising Advertise With Us Place an Ad Display Ads Classified Ads Online Services Newsletters Online Services RSS Feeds Text Alerts Archives Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Gainesville Sun ~ 2700 SW 13th St., Gainesville, FL 32608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Local Crime State Nation & World Politics Local Business Education Guardian Weather Campus Databases Election 2016 Sports Preps Sports Gatorsports College Pro Auto Racing Pat Dooley Scene Latest News Music Movies Theater & Arts Dining TV Listings TV Guide Lifestyle Health Faith Pets Sudoku Crossword Opinion Editorials Letters Other Voices Columns Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Weather Mugshots Magazine Blogs Contests Branded Content Submit Your News Subscriber e-edition Manage My Account Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
null
null
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Nexus line is “literally not dead,” says report +20,439 Quentyn Kennemer Sep 26th, 2016 With Google seemingly going all-in on “ Pixel” for 2016, we’d assumed the Nexus line was dead. That belief fostered deep down inside of us early on due to long-time rumors that Google was looking to move on from the brand. But one person — 9to5 Google’s Stephen Hall — says “Nexus isn’t dead” in his latest tweet. It was intentionally vague, and when called on for clarification by someone querying about whether he’s referring to a rebrand to Pixel, he says it’s “literally not dead,” and further commented that Google’s Pixel line is a nice distraction from Nexus. Unfortunately, that’s all we know. His words would seem to imply that Google has a new Nexus device in the works. We’re not sure if it’d be announced at the upcoming October 4th event, but Huawei’s 7-inch tablet could very well make itself part of the Nexus family instead of Pixel. Or perhaps it’s something else entirely. We never thought it odd that Google launched a new “purity” brand with the debut of the Chromebook Pixel, but that’s because the Chromebook was a, well, Chrome device. Then Google dished out the Pixel C, which is the newest Android tablet to spawn from their own labs. That, coupled with the rumors of HTC’s phones being branded Pixel, made it seem almost inevitable that Google was slowly penciling the doom of the Nexus line into their calendar. And now we’re just plain confused. What’s a Nexus device and what’s a Pixel device in 2016? Are they discernible by price? Quality? Software philosophy? That’s an answer Google will have to provide once they reveal their plans for the future, and we’re hoping the bulk of that answer will arrive next week. [via Twitter] local_offer    Google   HTC   Huawei   Nexus   Nexus 7P   Pixel   Pixel XL   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (22) stars Further Reading New Google Live Cases available Google accounts suspended for reselling Pixel phones Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design first look First Huawei P10 specs and shots surface OnePlus 3T charging proves solid stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 3 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 4 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 5 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 6 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 7 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 8 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 9 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 10 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google’s Andromeda hybrid OS being tested in the Nexus 9 By John Hoff - September 26, 2016 2 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter There are rumors of a hybrid OS from Google called Andromeda – which is, as we understand, a mash-up of Android and Chrome OS. The ultimate goal, it seems, is to create an OS that will be more versatile than either element, and will be better suited for 2-in-1 laptop/tablet hybrids like the unfortunate Pixel C. In fact, it is probably the lackluster performance of the Pixel C that pushed Google to look for a solution. Andromeda, as sources say, is apparently being tested with the HTC-made Nexus 9 tablet at the moment. A little bit of digging in Android Nougat AOSP version (Android Open Source Project) shows some evidences pointing to the reality of Andromeda. A file in the code called “SurfaceCompositionTest.java” alludes to Andromeda through testing of graphics performance. It seems like Andromeda will require better graphics performance – rated by the test as 8.0 or better – while Android just needs devices that can go 4.0. It seems that the Nexus 9 barely fits that requirement, with a graphics performance level of 8.8, and for this reason, Google is testing Andromeda with the tablet. We don’t know what the expected outcome will be, also taking into consideration that the Pixel C has much better hardware. An interesting discovery in the code is that the free-form windows feature that everyone was expecting in Nougat (but didn’t get), is seemingly available in Andromeda. This is a big hint that the new hybrid OS is targeted for devices with bigger screen real estate, like tablets and 2-in-1 devices. VIA: 9to5Google Story Timeline Google Pixel C: Beautiful and fast but a bit heavy Android Nougat images available for Nexus 9, Pixel C, Nexus Player Nougat updates for Nexus 6, Nexus 9 (LTE) coming soon says Google TAGS Android Andromeda Chrome OS htc Nexus 9 Pixel C Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,410FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,480FollowersFollow 59,552SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple The Pixel phones may not be the most interesting thing Google unveils next month Chris Smith BGR NewsSeptember 26, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Google started teasing its October 4th mobile event a few days ago, and if you’re familiar with recent rumors you probably know two things about it: the Nexus phone is dying, and the Pixel phone will replace it. Google will have other hardware on display during the event, but the company is also expected to unveil a massive milestone for Android. Andromeda, as a new operating system is internally called, might be the most important thing coming out of Google’s October 4th event. DON’T MISS: iPhone 7 review “We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today. I have a feeling 8 years from now we'll be talking about Oct 4, 2016,” Google’s Hiroshi Lockheimer said cryptically on Twitter during the weekend. That’s the kind of message the often-accurate Android Police can interpret differently than most of us. The Android site has been sitting on information that something big is coming at Google’s event on October 4th. The announcement is greater than Pixel phones and bigger than Chromecast Ultra, Google Home, and Google WiFi, the site says. It’s probably Andromeda, Android Police thinks, the Android version that incorporates Chrome OS. Google has been rumored to merge the two platforms for a while now, and it may all happen next year. An Android operating system that has Chrome OS abilities would put Google in a position where it could propose buyers decent PC computing alternatives to Mac and Windows. Not to mention that Andromeda might be compatible with all Pixel-branded gadgets. https://twitter.com/lockheimer/status/779757830203068416 Lockheimer’s tweet is certainly interesting even if Android Police’s explanation isn’t true. If Google is going to tease anything Android-related on October 4th, it’s definitely something that will affect the entire future of Android. Color us intrigued, Google! Trending right now: Galaxy S7 edge explodes in the Philippines Please don’t drill a headphone jack into your iPhone 7 Every video game launching this fall that you need to know about See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay Associated Press New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech AirSelfie drone is small enough to stow away in a phone case Digital Trends This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Russia has now officially blocked LinkedIn BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Case study: JavaScript blocking Google’s view of hreflang Contributor Sam Gipson troubleshoots issues with a client's hreflang implementation, testing to see if JavaScript elements might interfere with Google recognizing these tags. Sam Gipson on September 26, 2016 at 10:00 am More The hreflang attribute has been an important part of the SEO toolkit for webmasters and digital marketers for a good many years. In order for Google to best understand your multilingual or multinational website, it is integral that your hreflang implementation is correct and that Google fully understands it. If you’re new to the hreflang attribute, then you may find the following resources useful: Yoast’s hreflang ultimate guide Sistrix’s hreflang Guide to International SEO This case study looks specifically at an issue that some may have experienced before, or you may come across it in the future: Google not recognizing your hreflang markup and not reporting the true number of hreflang tags in Google Search Console (GSC). As recently reported on SEO Roundtable, John Mueller said the following in a recent Google+ Hangout: So it might just be that we don’t recognize the hreflang markup at all on those pages. For example, what might happen is we can crawl and index those pages, but when we render those pages, something in the head section of the pages is added early on, and that kind of breaks everything within the head, which includes the hreflang markup. So that might theoretically be happening. And if we can’t find the hreflang markup at all, we won’t flag it as an error, because we think there is nothing wrong with a page that doesn’t have hreflang. So that might be something worth double checking. So what you can do there is open the page in a browser and use Inspect Element to see what the rendered view of the page actually looks like. And then double check to make sure that within the head section there is actually nothing like non-meta tag type that’s actually listed there. Before Mueller’s recent comments were made, I was planning on testing this theory, as I believed I was seeing firsthand issues with Google failing to “see” my client’s hreflang markup. Background To set the scene, my client, an online retailer, launched a new website 12 months ago, with multiple English language subdirectories targeting different countries. A review of the hreflang values and syntax appeared correct, but Google was not recognizing anywhere near the number of tags they should have been. Separate Search Console profiles were set up under each country subdirectory so I could monitor each individually. By doing this, I could tell that this issue was not specific to one subdirectory but across all. Out of potentially thousands of pages that included the hreflang tag, only a very low number were being reported in Google Search Console: Early this year, the number of hreflang tags detected rose as high as 100, but this number was gradually fluctuating over time and would eventually reach zero again. This trend continued and never rose above 150 for the entire site, which was well below the total number of accessible pages. Observations As well as checking for any obvious signs of broken code within the <head> section, I used Google’s Fetch and Render tool within Search Console to double-check exactly what Google was seeing. The source code view revealed that Google was grouping the Page Title, Meta Tags and hreflang as part of the inline JavaScript block (notice, below, how Google groups these using the same color). It also indicated that Google was treating the closing tag of the third inline block as the closing tag for the entire block (lines 26–49). In theory, this could be caused by a missing closing </script> tag, from the JavaScript that sits just above, but you’ll notice that it’s not the case in this instance: I decided to check some historic Fetch and Render pages within Search Console for comparison purposes. I managed to find one from 10 months earlier, so I compared old versus new. My main observation was that the inline JavaScript, which I believed was affecting the hreflang tags, had significantly increased in size when compared to the old version. The old snapshot of the page showed 25 lines of JavaScript, and the new one showed over 100 lines. Not only that, but Google was displaying the source code differently in the older version, without the grouping of the JavaScript and HTML tags underneath: Notice how, in this old Fetch and Render page, Google is paying attention to the closing <script> tag at the end of line 25. This meant that Google was viewing the HTML (including hreflang) underneath the inline JavaScript properly before this code was expanded. Assumptions Based on what I’d seen, I was confident that the second JavaScript block was causing the main issue, so much so that Google was ignoring the closing </script> tag — and this, in turn, was making the hreflang markup invisible to them. The test Knowing I had little or no influence over the inline JavaScript (It is third party-provided), I decided to come up with a solution to ensure that Google would read hreflang first and would not be affected by JavaScript. The test was simple: Move the hreflang markup to the very top of the <head> section. If the JavaScript was the cause of the issue, then I would expect to see a big increase in the number of reported tags. The results Once the site was updated, I used Fetch and Render to submit each country-specific subdirectory to Google’s index. Within a couple of days, Search Console reported the following: The results were immediate! Once Google started to re-crawl the website, they detected the hreflang tags. The number reported in the Search Console increased from approximately 120 to over 1,200 — and now it’s reporting over 7,000. It’s early days, but I expect this number to rise further as the entire site is crawled and Google starts to update its index. You are probably wondering what impact this has had on the performance of the website internationally. Although there hasn’t been any overall traffic increase as of yet, Google is clearly starting to serve users the most relevant URL based on their location. Using Google Analytics to look at Organic Landing Page Traffic and segmenting by user location shows hreflang at work. Organic landing page traffic — UK subdirectory URL Organic landing page traffic — UK subdirectory URL Google has stopped serving the UK site to the majority of users in the United States, and this has resulted in a big drop in traffic for this part of the website. Given a little more time, I expect Google to be sending little or no traffic from the US to the UK subdirectory. The good news is the loss in traffic to the UK site has been made up by the increase in traffic to the more relevant US site. Organic landing page traffic — US subdirectory URL Organic landing page traffic — US subdirectory URL The US subdirectory is gaining much more exposure in the US because Google now understands that this site is the most relevant to the user; Google has greatly reduced the number of UK URLs appearing in US search results. A similar trend can be found across other English-language versions of the website. Where the UK used to show, the relevant Language/Country subdirectory or subfolder is showing in its place. It’s still in the very early stages, but I hope the fact that Google is serving a more relevant website to the user will help increase the CTR from search results — and that this, in turn, will have a positive impact on the website’s conversion rate. Other issues with implementation Referencing hreflang within the <head> section of each page is only one of the ways you can implement this on your website. You can also use XML sitemaps to specify your Country/Language URLs, or return hreflang values within your HTTP header response. Whichever way you choose to implement your hreflang preferences, there are some issues and mistakes that are commonly made. To gain more insight on these, I recommend reading “Auditing Hreflang Annotations: The Most Common Issues & How To Avoid Them,” published last year by Aleyda Solis on Search Engine Land. Summary In summary, I was able to prove John Mueller’s recent statement to be true: that if your header section is broken, it could “theoretically” affect Google’s ability to see your hreflang code. In my client’s case, some inline JavaScript was causing Google issues and prevented them from detecting the hreflang referenced in the <head> section. I found the Fetch and Render tool within Google Search Console extremely valuable to help troubleshoot the issue I was experiencing. Moving the hreflang markup to the very top of the <head> section resolved the issue and was enough for Google to detect sitewide hreflang tags. The results from Google detecting the hreflang tags have been very positive. Google quickly understood the correct Country/Language subdirectory to serve to UK and International users, creating a better user experience. Good luck with troubleshooting any similar hreflang issues that you may be experiencing! Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Sam Gipson Sam Gipson is an independent SEO Consultant based in London, drawing on over a decade of experience in digital marketing. As a former SEO Director at Ayima Search Marketing, Sam has worked with some of the biggest brands in the UK and US. Sam specialises in technical SEO for ecommerce and has worked on many international campaigns across retail, fashion, travel, telecoms and publishing. Related Articles Auditing Hreflang Annotations: The Most Common Issues & How To Avoid Them 3 Reasons Why Deploying Hreflang Shouldn't Be An Auto-Reflex! Ready To Go Multilingual Or Multinational With Your Online Business? Ask Yourself These 10 Questions First Adidas, Nike & Auditing hreflangs For Explosive SEO Results All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOGoogleGoogle: Search ConsoleGoogle: SEOSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: Crawling and Robots Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 10 Ways to Decrease SEO Costs While Increasing Performance The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM No fluff - just the best news in paid search marketing every week. SUBSCRIBE Google brings store visits to Google Display Network, debuts cross-device retargeting Company says it can deliver 99% accuracy at 200 million stores globally. Greg Sterling on September 26, 2016 at 6:14 am More Google is going all-in on location. From search (and now display ads) to store, Google is finding more ways to close the loop. The reason: When store visits and offline impact are captured and factored back into return on ad spend, the value of that spend goes way up — from 2X to well over 10X, according to Google data. The company has been testing and refining store visits measurement for the past two years. At its “GPS” ads conference in San Francisco earlier this summer, Google announced a dramatic expansion of store visits. It also trumpeted the notion that Google was now the “largest omnichannel measurement company in the world,” having tracked over one billion store visits globally over the past two years. Using a case study with Home Depot, earlier today Google introduced location extensions and store visits measurement for the Google Display Network: The ads that show your business address, Google Maps directions and photos. It’s a high-impact, immediate way to increase foot traffic to your store. For The Home Depot, location extensions for display ads reached consumers actively browsing their phones near the brand’s most popular stores, delivering an 8X in-store ROI. Google says that it can now deliver 99 percent accuracy at “200 million stores globally.” The company uses a range of technologies and methodologies to do so. Between Android and Google Maps and a sophisticated place-mapping approach that Google calls “semantic location,” it can accurately understand where devices are in the real world at any given time. It then maps ad exposures to store visits. The company also today announced cross-device re-targeting for the Google Display Network and DoubleClick Bid Manager to reach people across platforms and apps. To do so, it must identify and match users on PCs and mobile devices, which is now widely being done by others. Both announcements are significant for what should be obvious reasons. It should also be clear that the measure of campaign effectiveness — except for pure e-commerce marketers — is no longer about impressions, clicks or even “engagement.” We’re now in a world where digital ad spending will routinely be evaluated (and optimized) on the basis of online-to-offline impact. About The Author Greg Sterling Greg Sterling is a Contributing Editor at Search Engine Land. He writes a personal blog, Screenwerk, about connecting the dots between digital media and real-world consumer behavior. He is also VP of Strategy and Insights for the Local Search Association. Follow him on Twitter or find him at Google+. Related Articles Turn your online searches into in-store sales Google adds 'Reviews from the web' to critic reviews in local search results Google Local Business Cards or Posts about to roll out to 'thousands' of SMBs Survey: Amazon beats Google as starting point for product search Channel: SEMGoogle: AdWordsGoogle: AndroidGoogle: Maps & LocalGoogle: Mobile Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 10 Ways to Decrease SEO Costs While Increasing Performance The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Google adds new schema named “Science Datasets” for marking up scientific or government data A new Google pilot program now allows publishers to describe CSV and other tabular datasets for scientific and government data. Barry Schwartz on September 26, 2016 at 9:39 am More Google added a new structured data type named Science datasets. This is a new markup, which technically can be used by Google for rich cards/rich snippets in the Google search results interface. Science data sets are “specialized repositories for datasets in many scientific domains: life sciences, earth sciences, material sciences, and more,” Google said. Google added, “Many governments maintain repositories of civic and government data,” which can be used for this as well. Here is the example Google gave: For example, consider this dataset that describes historical snow levels in the Northern Hemisphere. This page contains basic information about the data, like spatial coverage and units. Other pages on the site contain additional metadata: who produces the dataset, how to download it, and the license for using the data. With structured data markup, these pages can be more easily discovered by other scientists searching for climate data in that subject area. This specific schema is not something that Google will show in the search results today. Google said this is something they are experimenting with: “Dataset markup is available for you to experiment with before it’s released to general availability.” Google explained you should be able to see the “previews in the Structured Data Testing Tools,” but “you won’t, however, see your datasets appear in Search.” Here are the data sets that qualify for this markup: a table or a CSV file with some data; a file in a proprietary format that contains data; a collection of files that together constitute some meaningful dataset; a structured object with data in some other format that you might want to load into a special tool for processing; images capturing the data; and anything that looks like a dat aset to you. Aaron Bradley seemed to first spot this and said “with [a] pilot program, Google now allows publishers to describe CSV and other tabular datasets.” About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Articles Google updates local reviews schema guidelines Google brings rich results filter to Search Analytics report within Search Console What's new with markup & structured data Google launches rich cards for movie and recipe websites Channel: SEOGoogle: Rich SnippetsGoogle: SEOSEO: Structured Data & Schema.org Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 10 Ways to Decrease SEO Costs While Increasing Performance The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › Technology If Google buys Twitter, what happens next? By Adrian Weckler Published 26/09/2016 0 Comments Share If Google buys Twitter, what happens next? BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Should we care if Google buys Twitter? Would it mean a slow death for the struggling social network? Or could it save Twitter from its own financial underperformance in turning a profit? http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/technology/if-google-buys-twitter-what-happens-next-35079796.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/article35061744.ece/0d612/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-a613b99b-ef31-45fa-9bc4-6e080af59df2_I1.jpg Email Twitter has struggled to attract new users to the service, which has around 313 million active monthly users Should we care if Google buys Twitter? Would it mean a slow death for the struggling social network? Or could it save Twitter from its own financial underperformance in turning a profit? It seems clear now that Twitter is up for sale. A number of companies are said to be interested, including Salesforce, Microsoft and the US mobile carrier Verizon. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments But Google is the hot favourite. On paper, it looks like an easy transaction. Google's profit last year was €20bn, around €5bn more than Twitter's current share value. It also has around €60bn in cash. So it could handily afford to buy Twitter. What's more, Twitter is struggling badly to make money. After a decade, it still hasn't made a profit. Many investors now reckon it's stuck, resulting in its share price falling by 70pc in the last year. And while news and sports addicts love the platform, no one else is joining in: its "active" monthly user figures have plateaued at 300m while recently spawned rivals such as Snapchat surge ahead in daily usage. (Facebook has long ceased being a bona-fide rival, growing to nearly 30 times the size of Twitter in the last three years.) So Twitter needs something to keep its mojo going. Is Google the answer? In the short term, it looks like a great fit for Twitter and a reasonable one for Google. Twitter gets a huge new funding well and some of the world's best engineers and advertising specialists. It's a terrific shot at a stable future. On the other hand, Google gets another chance to stick its oar into the world of social networking, meaning deeper data to try and exploit. After the poor performance of Google Plus, this might be tempting. And Twitter might be considered cheap at an expected takeover price of around €17bn. LinkedIn, which was suffering similar challenges with growth and monetisation, sold for €23bn (to Microsoft) a few months ago. Whatsapp sold for almost €20bn (to Facebook) a couple of years ago. The sale of those companies - especially Linkedin - makes Twitter more attractive as it is arguably the only social network of significant scale available. (Snapchat is still reaching for the moon and shows no sign of selling up yet.) Lastly, Google might like some of the things that Twitter is experimenting with, such as live-streaming sports events like Wimbledon and NFL football games. But there are downsides to both companies too. Twitter will be aware that Google's founders, Larry Page and Sergei Brin, have never really been natives at social media. Even though Google is now run by chief executive Sundar Pichai - who might be more attuned to it - the two founders may not be natural stewards of such a trigger-happy, controversial forum as Twitter. For Google, the hurdles might be more immediate. It would be taking over a company that is regularly at the forefront of controversy because of its basic service: free speech online. This brings with it all sorts of issues around abuse, censorship and political involvement. These are not things Google's owners would relish. Then there are the potential regulatory challenges. Google already has a lot of heartache going on with the European Commission over alleged abuse of its dominant position. Would adding Twitter to its arsenal aggravate this scenario? (Some might legitimately say that it wouldn't - it is precisely because Twitter isn't succeeding as a competitor to Google or Facebook that it is for sale in the first place.) But business is risky. If it wasn't, anyone could do it. Despite all of the potential downsides, whoever gets to buy Twitter would be getting involved in something pretty exciting. For all its woes, Twitter is probably the pulse of the world when it comes to breaking news and unfolding events. It has an urgency and relevance that few rivals match. What's more, its core users - media, celebrities and news and sports addicts - make up a very committed demographic that no other service presents in such a focused way. Whoever buys it will inherit a culturally important entity. Your Comments COMMENT RULES: Comments that are judged to be defamatory, abusive or in bad taste are not acceptable and contributors who consistently fall below certain criteria will be permanently blacklisted. The moderator will not enter into debate with individual contributors and the moderator’s decision is final. It is Belfast Telegraph policy to close comments on court cases, tribunals and active legal investigations. We may also close comments on articles which are being targeted for abuse. Problems with commenting? customercare@belfasttelegraph.co.uk Powered by Livefyre Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Livefyre. Read More Apple iPhones less reliable than Android devices, study finds  Apple’s iPhones and iPads are losing the battle against Android devices. 6 of the best bargain gadgets  By Keeley Bolger AmazonBasics Nano Bluetooth Speaker, £10.99, www.amazon.co.uk: Give the gift of sound this Christmas with this Amazon portable speaker. Designed for those on-the-go, it easily fits into an adult hand and is light enough to stash into a bag. Being a budget speaker built for movability, the sound quality isn't crystal clear, but for plugging... Twitter suspends several alt-right accounts  Twitter has suspended the accounts of several prominent members of the so-called "alt-right" in an apparent crackdown on accounts tied to hate speech or threats of violence. Snapchat: Is it really worth €20bn? Are you too old for it? How does it make its money?  By Louise Kelly There is no official announcement of Snapchat's plans to file for IPO but a source close to the firm said the listing could come as early as March and target a valuation of between $20bn to $25bn for the firm. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Supersonic Boom: New passenger plane to fly faster than Concorde  Technology 6 of the best bargain gadgets  Technology Snapchat: Is it really worth €20bn? Are you too old for it? How does it make its money?  Technology Web Summit Lisbon shows Ireland what might have been  Technology China bans 'fatty' Kim Jong Un nickname on websites  World Donald Trump could make Sinn Fein ally Peter King counter-terror chief in White House  World Anger after Daily Express confuses Ireland and Northern Ireland on Brexit tea caddy  UK Video: Queen meets Portuguese President  Video News UK charity warns tourists in Dubai not to report rape after woman who was 'gang raped'...  World Northern Ireland weather: Police urge caution after snow blocks roads between...  Northern Ireland Northern Ireland MLAs' failed Brexit legal challenge referred to Supreme Court Ex-property tycoon Taggart brothers owe another €4m to Ulster Bank Fantasia Barrino slims down after struggling with 'pressure of perfection' Belfast could get 50 more offices over the next five years Patricia Cornwell: 'When I was outed as a lesbian, I didn't leave my house for a month - I was afraid, horrified and humiliated' Edward Snowden post-US election Q&A Battlefield 1 review: 'One of the greatest' Technology Robot takeover: Government completely unprepared for automation and artificial... Technology Paralysed patients walk again after training with exoskeleton and virtual reality Technology Apple’s Philip Schiller interview: Touch Bars, headphone jacks and voice... Technology Tech billionaires convinced we live in the Matrix are secretly funding scientists to help... Technology Paralysed patients walk again after VR training Technology PlayStation VR: Sony releases virtual reality kit Technology Instagram to launch online shopping trial Offbeat UK's first professional drone race to be held in London Technology Art created using virtual reality headset to be exhibited at the Royal Academy Technology Oculus Rift UK and Europe release date Technology Facebook to start taking user data from WhatsApp Technology How is technology affecting our health? Technology Netherlands on brink of banning sale of petrol-fuelled cars Technology What the human body would have to look like to survive a serious car crash Technology China's straddling bus takes first test drive By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
Photos of the week: dinosaur in Singapore, Lenin holding the moon and Assange's cat Society & Culture November 18, 16:33 Kremlin reports Putin to meet leaders of China, Japan, Vietnam, Philippines, Peru in Lima Russian Politics & Diplomacy November 18, 16:15 Deputy PM says agriculture is engine of Russian economic growth Business & Economy November 18, 16:04 PM Medvedev’s coffee joke may add ‘Russiano’ to country’s beverage menu Society & Culture November 18, 15:53 Russian premier: Russia regains status of leading player on world’s food market Business & Economy November 18, 15:44 Russian top diplomat says Putin and Trump ‘see eye to eye politically’ Russian Politics & Diplomacy November 18, 15:32 Putin says Russia seeks to maintain world’s strategic balance of power Russian Politics & Diplomacy November 18, 15:20 Stoltenberg says there is no way NATO can isolate Russia World November 18, 15:09 Russian track-and-field champion to fight IOC decision in court Sport November 18, 14:40 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 19.11.2016 18.11.2016 17.11.2016 16.11.2016 15.11.2016 14.11.2016 13.11.2016 ^ News Feed Sections World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review News Feed News Search Topics All World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Official sees chances for Google to reach settlement agreement with Russian watchdog Business & Economy September 26, 17:37 UTC+3 It was announced earlier that the Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service will fine Google if the company delays compliance with its directives Share 1 pages in this article © AP Photo/Virginia Mayo, File Read also Russian watchdog may start fining Google twice a month Kremlin advisor calls for fining Google every day Google to be fined if fails to comply with regulations in time Google sues Russia's Federal Antimonopoly Service Google files new claim against Russian antimonopoly watchdog to Moscow Arbitration Court MOSCOW, September 26. /TASS/. Google still has a chance to reach a settlement agreement with the Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS) but only after fulfillment of the directive and compensation of damage, Deputy Head of the regulator Anatoly Golomolzin told TASS on Monday. "A chance exists at any stage of legal proceedings. We conclude settlement agreements only if a company complied with directives and compensated inflicted damage; I am not aware of such intentions of Google so far," the official said responding to the question concerning the potential settlement agreement. The Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS) will fine Google if the company delays compliance with its directives, Head of FAS Igor Artemyev told journalists last Wednesday. Earlier the Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS) said it would fine Google for failure to comply with the directive to eliminate violations of the antimonopoly legislation in due time. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Companies Google Top News November 18, 15:20 Putin says Russia seeks to maintain world’s strategic balance of power November 18, 15:20 November 18, 15:44 Russian premier: Russia regains status of leading player on world’s food market November 18, 15:44 November 18, 16:04 Deputy PM says agriculture is engine of Russian economic growth November 18, 16:04 November 18, 15:53 PM Medvedev’s coffee joke may add ‘Russiano’ to country’s beverage menu November 18, 15:53 In other media Реклама Photo 18 Russian Arctic, the history of exploration 6 Sales of iPhone 7 officially start in Russia 5 First international flight arrives from Minsk at Moscow's newest airport Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Gas agreement signed by Russia, Ukraine and the EU Altai gas pipeline Economical sanctions against Russia Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian expert on accuracy of Kh-101 cruise missiles used against terrorists in Syria 2 Russian Army to receive missiles with warheads based on new physical principles 3 Ukraine is considering extradition of Saakashvili to Georgia — media 4 Putin says Russia seeks to maintain world’s strategic balance of power 5 Russia's 'Night Hunter': from maiden flight to fighting ISIS 6 Clarivate Analytics Names 2016 Highly Cited Researchers 7 Russia's Tupolev-95MSM bomber delivers first-ever strike on mission to Syria 1 Russia's Tupolev-95MSM bomber delivers first-ever strike on mission to Syria 2 Russia's 'Night Hunter': from maiden flight to fighting ISIS 3 Russian bombers deliver strike at terrorist strongholds in Syria — Defense Ministry 4 Obama calls Russia ‘military superpower,’ important partner 5 Family of Russian officer killed in Syria writes letter to Hollande 6 Russian Army to receive missiles with warheads based on new physical principles 7 Russian diplomat says Lavrov, Kerry to discuss US ‘shocking’ treatment of RT television 1 Russian forces launch large-scale operation against terrorists in Syria 2 MIG-29 fighter jet crashes into Mediterranean off Syrian coast 3 Russia's Tupolev-95MSM bomber delivers first-ever strike on mission to Syria 4 Russia declines to ratify International Criminal Court Statute 5 Obama calls Russia ‘military superpower,’ important partner 6 Russian bombers deliver strike at terrorist strongholds in Syria — Defense Ministry 7 Putin sets task to ensure reliable protection of Russian forces in Syria TOP STORIES US presidential election 2016 Conflict in Syria Russia's defense industry Oil & Gas Industry Space programs Реклама News World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2016 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
null
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot November 18, 2016 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Five Google Shopping tips to help nail your Q4 ROI PPC 26 Sep 16 | Sana Ansari Facebook0 Linkedin89 Google+12 Twitter 101 We all know Q4 is the biggest time of the year when it comes to ecommerce. Google Shopping tends to be a strong revenue driver for businesses investing in digital marketing. So how do you make sure you are being as efficient and effective as possible on Google shopping? Below are some key tips to make sure you are capitalizing on the holiday opportunity: 1) Optimize the product titles in your feed Titles in the feed make the biggest difference in capturing more traffic. When optimizing your feed, remember that the titles play a significantly larger role in capturing traffic than descriptions. You still want to have a proper description, but you absolutely must invest the right amount of time in optimizing titles. Use your top-performing and top-volume search queries in your titles, and remember to be as descriptive about the actual product to ensure relevance to the query. As with most ad elements, we recommend that you test different titles to see what impact each variation may make. 2) Use smart segmentation If you have significant volume coming in on brand terms, segment out your campaigns by brand and non-brand to ensure you are maximizing impression share on your branded terms while also ensuring you aren’t overpaying for them. You can find a more detailed description of this here. 3) Group similar products to get usable data Identifying negative keywords to add to your shopping campaigns can often be a challenge due to lack of significant data. One trick you can use is determine key tokens shared across a number of products – roll up the data to get more volume and then determine if they are poor performers. For example, let’s say you are selling hats and you are finding queries that don’t perform such as “Nordstrom hats”, “black hats Nordstrom”, “Nordstrom caps”, etc. Although each query may not have a lot of volume, if you roll up Nordstrom queries it may show that negging out Nordstrom from your list would be the right thing to do. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin89 Google+12 Twitter 101 Related articles How to maximize your AdSense earnings with Amazon CPM ads How Black Friday can lead to valuable organic search opportunities Mobile paid search has increased by 134% since last year: stats Paid search click-through rates have risen 38% 4) Use Merchant Promotions When you build out ad campaigns for your holiday sales, you absolutely must take advantage of Google’s Merchant Promotions. This is beneficial because it makes your product stand out by showing a special offer – and it speaks directly to consumers looking for a deal. Below is an example of a merchant promotion. Overall, this helps with increasing CTRs and driving traffic to your site. 5) Go granular with ad groups Lastly, if you have a smaller number of products (less than 100), you may want to consider creating single-product ad groups. When you have ad groups with multiple products, you won’t be able to tell what queries match to what exact products within the ad groups. Often, certain terms will perform well for certain products and horribly for others. By separating the terms into single-product ad groups, you can truly understand the performance of terms to products and add negatives and adjust bidding accordingly. Google Shopping has become more and more competitive over the years, so CPCs are sure to be higher this season. Make sure your fundamentals are solid so you’re doing more than holding your own, and watch the revenue roll in. Good luck! Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Related reading Bing Ads reveal the most searched Halloween costumes Halloween in the digital age involves a significant amount of searching until the right costume is picked. So what can we learn from this year's searches? Industry More News PPC 26 Oct 16 | Tereza Litsa Capitalize on volume and long tail in Q4 with Dynamic Search Ads In ecommerce, there’s always a scramble to capitalize on the volume that is out there for the holidays. PPC 24 Oct 16 | Sana Ansari How to combine AdWords with Outbrain without cannibalizing their effectiveness How different parts of the funnel can specifically incorporate two different channels - AdWords and Outbrain - while avoiding cannibalisation. Content PPC 20 Oct 16 | Mun Yin Liu Six social media advertising ideas to make you look like a big deal If you're lacking in influence or name recognition and want to appear bigger than you currently are, try out these ad ideas. PPC Social 11 Oct 16 | Larry Kim Tags ecommerce | Google | Google Shopping | paid search | Segmentation Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Email Address Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Google’s mobile-first index: how to prepare your business The important news that we have all been waiting for, Google has finally announced mobile-first indexing. How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL editorial@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2016/09/26/five-google-shopping-tips-to-help-nail-your-q4-roi/ Send × Want to stay on top of PPC trends? Get top insights and news from our PPC experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
Difference between revisions of "CA:WoSign Issues" From MozillaWiki Jump to: navigation, search Revision as of 01:50, 23 September 2016 (view source) Gerv (Talk | contribs) (Update Issue P to note WoSign's further comments) ← Older edit Revision as of 06:01, 26 September 2016 (view source) Gerv (Talk | contribs) (Rest of entry for issue X) Newer edit → (One intermediate revision by the same user not shown) Line 370: Line 370:       * The question of why StartCom was able to trigger certificate-issuance code which WoSign has stopped developing and maintaining is also still open.   * The question of why StartCom was able to trigger certificate-issuance code which WoSign has stopped developing and maintaining is also still open.   +   + ==Issue X: Unpatched Software (September 2016)==   +   + The first WoSign [https://www.wosign.com/report/wosign_incidents_report_09042016.pdf incident report], produced in response to other issues listed on this page, has a screenshot of a dig query from their validation server. The dig program is part of the bind-utils package, and the output of dig appears to show a bind-utils version of 9.7.3-8.P3.el6. The "el6" shows that this is a version built for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6. This version of bind-utils was released in [https://rhn.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2011-1697.html December 2011] and so is very out of date.   +   + The next release of this package for EL6 following the one WoSign are using is bind-utils 9.7.3-8.P3.el6_2.1, which was released [https://rhn.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2011-1836.html a little later in December 2011]. The most recent version is 9.8.2-0.47.rc1.el6, which was released on the [https://rhn.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2016-0784.html 10th of May 2016]. There are 19 patched CVEs between the version WoSign is running and the current version. None of these CVEs are especially severe. However, if this software is in fact that far out of date (nearly five years), it raises questions about the overall patch level of their verification server and even their other infrastructure.   +   + WoSign's [https://cert.webtrust.org/SealFile?seal=2019&file=pdf most recent audit] used the "[http://www.webtrust.org/homepage-documents/item79806.pdf SSL Baseline With Network Security - Version 2.0]" criteria. These criteria integrate two CA/Browser Forum Documents - the SSL BRs and the Network & Certificate Systems Security Requirements.   +   + A bullet on page 19 of the Network Security Requirements requires that "Recommended security patches are applied to Certificate Systems within six months of the security patch’s availability, unless the CA documents that the security patch would introduce additional vulnerabilities or instabilities that outweigh the benefits of applying the security patch." That appears not to be true of their version of bind, and so may well not be true of other more critical packages on their systems.   +   + We would expect the presence of badly outdated software and the lack of an appropriate patching regime to have been caught by WoSign's auditors.   +   + Thanks to Paul Pearce for his help with this issue.   +   + ===WoSign Response===   +   + This issue has not yet been formally brought to WoSign's attention.   +   + ===Further Comments and Conclusion===   +   + N/A.       ==Cross Signing==   ==Cross Signing== Revision as of 06:01, 26 September 2016 This page lists all confirmed or suspected issues involving the CA "WoSign". It will be updated by Mozilla as more information becomes available. Please do not edit this page yourself; if you have proposed changes, email Gerv. The issues are in chronological order, and have been re-numbered from the original announcement to use letters with gaps in between, for possible future expansion. Contents 1 Issue D: Long-Lived SHA-1 Certs (Jan - Mar 2015) 1.1 WoSign Response 1.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 2 Issue F: Certs Identical Except For NotBefore (Mar 2015) 2.1 WoSign Response 2.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 3 Issue H: Duplicate Serial Numbers (Apr 2015) 3.1 WoSign Response 3.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 4 Issue J: Various BR Violations (Apr 2015) 4.1 WoSign Response 4.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 5 Issue L: Any Port (Jan - Apr 2015) 5.1 WoSign Response 5.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 6 Issue N: Additional Domain Errors (June 2015) 6.1 WoSign Response 6.1.1 Bug N1 6.1.2 Bug N2 6.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 7 Issue P: Use of SM2 Algorithm (Nov 2015) 7.1 WoSign Response 7.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 8 Issue R: Purchase of StartCom (Nov 2015) 8.1 WoSign Response 8.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 9 Issue S: Backdated SHA-1 Certs (January 2016) 9.1 WoSign Response 9.2 Further Comments 10 Issue T: alicdn.com Misissuance (June 2016) 10.1 WoSign Response 10.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 11 Issue V: StartEncrypt (July 2016) 11.1 WoSign Response 11.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 12 Issue X: Unpatched Software (September 2016) 12.1 WoSign Response 12.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 13 Cross Signing Issue D: Long-Lived SHA-1 Certs (Jan - Mar 2015) (a.k.a. "Issue -2") Between 16th January 2015 and 5th March 2015, WoSign issued 1,132 SHA-1 certificates whose validity extended beyond 1st January 2017. This is documented in their BR audit. Section 7.1.3 of the BRs says: Effective 16 January 2015, CAs SHOULD NOT issue Subscriber Certificates utilizing the SHA‐1 algorithm with an Expiry Date greater than 1 January 2017. So this requirement is a SHOULD NOT. RFC 2119 states: 4. SHOULD NOT This phrase, or the phrase "NOT RECOMMENDED" mean that there may exist valid reasons in particular circumstances when the particular behavior is acceptable or even useful, but the full implications should be understood and the case carefully weighed before implementing any behavior described with this label. This means that this issue does not represent a violation of the BRs. WoSign Response WoSign chose to declare this to their auditors on their WebTrust audit. The auditors state: We understand that WoSign has established procedures and implemented controls to ensure that the aforementioned SSL subscriber certificates would be revoked on or before 31 December 2016. This issue is also covered in WoSign's final incident report. Further Comments and Conclusion WoSign say that they were aware that they were doing this, and that the cause was a delay in implementing the changes from CAB Forum ballot 118. Ballot 118 was passed on 16th October 2014, but WoSign were unable to update their systems until March 5th 2015, nearly five months later. This seems like a surprisingly long delay for a relatively simple change, given how quickly WoSign have been able to update their systems in other cases. However, as noted above, this is not a BR violation. Issue F: Certs Identical Except For NotBefore (Mar 2015) WoSign issued two certificates in March 2015. These certificates are identical in all ways (including their serial numbers) except for their notBefore dates, which are 37 seconds apart. Cert 1 Cert 2 WoSign Response This issue is covered in WoSign's final incident report. They explain that there are 16 examples, and it happens when their Certificate Management System loses contact with a signing server during a transaction, and so tries the other one, but both signing servers issue a certificate. One was sent to the subscriber, and the other was stored in their records, and then logged to CT when they logged all their certs. WoSign has since updated their system to use better locking. Further Comments and Conclusion Issuing two different certs with the same serial number is a violation of the RFC, but the impact of this bug is minimal. Issue H: Duplicate Serial Numbers (Apr 2015) (a.k.a. "Issue X") Between 9th April 2015 and 14th April 2015, WoSign issued 392 certificates with duplicate serial numbers, across a handful of different serial numbers. Here is one example. This is documented in their most recent BR audit. WoSign Response The audit report says: We understand that remediation action was taken by WoSign to revoke those certificates in a timely manner. Incident investigation with root cause analysis was conducted and relevant result was documented in relevant incident report. Follow up action was also conducted to prevent the recurrence of the incident. This issue is also covered in WoSign's final incident report. They explain that there were two bugs which led to the same result - one involving a system which did not understand serial numbers with leading zeroes, and the other a race condition. Further Comments and Conclusion This last auditor statement ("follow up action was also conducted to prevent the recurrence of the incident") is relevant given later issues involving duplicate serial numbers. It's not clear how "a system bug with the serial number generation, generating a serial number starting with “0” in the first left position" combined with "the signing system had a bug that didn’t know how to deal with this kind of serial number" could lead to duplicate serial numbers. Further clarification has been requested on this point. This incident is unfortunate and an RFC violation, but it was detected fairly promptly (albeit not by WoSign themselves) and fixed. Issue J: Various BR Violations (Apr 2015) (a.k.a. "Issue -1") On April 3rd, 2015, WoSign was contacted by Google, who were concerned about Baseline Requirements violations in recently-issued certificates from WoSign. Instead of specifying the violations directly, Google asked WoSign to check their certificates against their CPS. The following list of problems is a combination of those found by WoSign themselves and those pointed out later by Google: Incorrect or missing policy OIDs in all or most subscriber certificates; CPS required use of obscure "Issuer Alternative Name" field which was not being used; Inclusion of information in the Subject of the certificate (an advert) which was not validated subscriber information, and which contained a domain name, violating section 7.1.4.2 of the BRs; The CPS documentation of validity periods did not match what was happening in practice; CPS required compliance only with RFC 2459 instead of the more restrictive RFC 5280. Google noted that many of these issues should have been caught by a competent auditor. WoSign's auditors at the time were Ernst and Young (Hong Kong). WoSign Response WoSign resolved this promptly at the time by a mix of changes to practice and changes to their CPS (new versions 1.2.10 and 1.2.11). This issue was included in Google's report to Mozilla in August 2016 but not listed in the original public discussion. This issue is covered in WoSign's final incident report. Further Comments and Conclusion WoSign acted quickly to resolve the issues, but this issue perhaps demonstrates that their CPS was not a definition of their practice, but more a document to be updated post-hoc to match changes made to their operations. Mozilla documentation related to auditor errors states that: When egregious mistakes were overlooked by the auditor, or there are a significant number of oversights, or the auditor did not notice BR compliance problems with the root or intermediate certificates, then the CA must resolve the issues and be re-audited. For the re-audit the CA can either get re-audited by a different auditor, or have the current auditor provide an immediate plan for correction and compliance, and then present a mid-term partial audit following that plan. In either case, the auditor must provide documentation about steps they are taking to avoid making the same mistakes in future audits. If the auditor fails to assure Mozilla that they have corrected the deficiencies in their auditing process, then their standing as a trusted auditor for the Mozilla root program may be jeopardized. As Mozilla was not aware of this issue at the time, we were unable to make a judgement on whether these issues rose to an appropriate level of severity to require this response. There is also the question of whether Mozilla wishes to continue to accept audits from an auditor who misses CPS violations covering such a large proportion of the certificate corpus. Issue L: Any Port (Jan - Apr 2015) (a.k.a. "Issue 0") From Jan 10th to to April 23rd 2015, WoSign's certificate issuance system for their free certificates allowed the applicant to choose any port for validation. Once validation had been completed, WoSign would issue certificates for that domain. A researcher was able to obtain a certificate for a university by opening a high-numbered port (>50,000) and getting WoSign to use that port for validation of control. This problem was reported to Google, and thence to WoSign and resolved. Mozilla only became aware of it recently. Before the recent passage of Ballot 169 in the CAB Forum, which limits the ports and paths which can be used, the Baseline Requirements said that one acceptable method of domain validation was "Having the Applicant demonstrate practical control over the FQDN by making an agreed‐upon change to information found on an online Web page identified by a uniform resource identifier containing the FQDN". This method therefore did not violate the letter of the BRs. However, Mozilla considers the basic security knowledge that ports over 1024 are unprivileged should have led all CAs not to accept validations of domain control on such ports, even when not documented in the BRs. The misissuance issue was not reported to Mozilla by WoSign as it should have been. Section 1 of the Mozilla CA Certificate Enforcement Policy says: "When a serious security concern is noticed, such as a major root compromise, it should be treated as a security-sensitive bug, and the Mozilla Policy for Handling Security Bugs should be followed." This misissuance issue did not turn up on WoSign's subsequent BR audit. WoSign Response 2016-08-25: "We are searching our database to try to find if any mis-issued cert is issued." 2016-08-25: "For BR auditor, I think this issue is too technical that fewer auditor can find out this problem." List of crt.sh links to certificates involved - total 72. Richard Wang said: "We checked our system, the certificates issued related using higher level port website control validation is totally 72 certificates. To be clear, those certificates are validated by website control validation method that using other port except 80 and 443." 2016-09-04: Official issue report. This issue is also covered in WoSign's final incident report. Further Comments and Conclusion It is the responsibility of the CA to disclose issues to its auditors, not for the auditor to discover them. WoSign was aware of this, because some of the issues in this document were disclosed to auditors and included in their report. The completeness of WoSign's list of 72 certificates was called into question by a discussion participant who testified that his certificate was validated using port 8080 but does not appear in WoSign's list. In response, Richard said that in fact their system did not directly record the port used for validation, and so he could not guarantee that the list was complete. However, the final incident report still gives the impression that WoSign was able to generate a complete list. WoSign has since stopped doing website validation; if they had continued, better logging of the process would have been necessary. The logs they were keeping while using this process were clearly inadequate. Issue N: Additional Domain Errors (June 2015) (a.k.a. "Issue 1") In June 2015, an applicant found some problems with WoSign's free certificate service. There were actually two bugs, which we will denote N1 and N2. Bug N1 was an issue where someone proving control of <subdomain>.example.tld also was given a cert covering example.tld. Bug N2 was an issue where arbitrary domains can be added to an existing request after validation. The reporter proved that there was a problem in two ways. They accidentally discovered that there was a problem when trying to get a certificate for med.ucf.edu and mistakenly also applied for www.ucf.edu, which was approved. They then used their control of schrauger.github.com/schrauger.github.io to get a cert for github.com, github.io, and www.github.io. They also obtained another github cert using a different subdomain of github.io. These are both, in fact, instances of bug N2. WoSign discovered the github misissuances due to a post-issuance review the following day, triggered by "github" being on their list of high-value domains. Those certs were revoked. However, no further investigation was performed, and several other certificates were misissued subsequently. The bugs were fixed two months later, on August 10th, in an unrelated major update. Recently, the reporter of the issue got in touch with Google to note that the ucf.edu cert still had not been revoked almost a year later. The lack of revocation of the ucf.edu certificate strongly suggests that WoSign either did not or could not search their issuance databases for other occurrences of the same problem. Mozilla considers such a search a basic part of the response to disclosure of a vulnerability which causes misissuance, and expects CAs to keep records detailed enough to make it possible. The misissuance issue was not reported to Mozilla by WoSign as it should have been. Section 1 of the Mozilla CA Certificate Enforcement Policy says: "When a serious security concern is noticed, such as a major root compromise, it should be treated as a security-sensitive bug, and the Mozilla Policy for Handling Security Bugs should be followed." This misissuance issue did not turn up on WoSign's subsequent BR audit. WoSign Response 2016-08-25: "For BR auditor, I think this issue is too technical that fewer auditor can find out this problem." List of crt.sh links to certificates involved - total 33. 2016-09-04: Official issue report. The report explains the two bugs, N1 and N2. WoSign classifies the misissuances as 21 N1 and 12 N2. This issue is also covered in WoSign's final incident report. Bug N1 N1 allowed an applicant to get a certificate for the base domain if they were able to prove control of any subdomain. According to WoSign, this was caused by an engineer misunderstanding the rule that if a base domain was validated, the "www" variant could be added for free. He instead applied the rule in the other direction. Bug N2 Issue N2 is described in the report as follows: This mis-issued certificate was a system vulnerability that when the subscriber finished the domain validation, they can add any domain before submitting this order to system. Looking at their list of misissued domains in the report, this really does mean "any domain". For example, a cert where the owner validated "netwi.ru" was able to add "mx.idisk.su", an entirely different domain, without validating it. This effectively bypasses domain validation for any attacker who owns a domain of their own. Further Comments and Conclusion An arbitrary unvalidated ownership domain misissuance bug is an extremely serious flaw, particularly if it's available in a normal workflow. The report seems to suggest an "issue first, ask questions later" approach whereby a cert is issued to the subscriber even if it is flagged as questionable, and the remediation mechanism is revocation rather than lack of issuance. Furthermore, their validation team works 9-5, so an applicant could have many hours to abuse a misissued certificate before it was discovered. Although it seems like the system issued a certificate which did not match what was validated, this was not investigated further. The report says: "the employee treated it as an unusual case that did not reported it as a bug." This is amazing, if true. If WoSign's employees don't think that misissuing a certificate is a big deal, something is quite badly wrong. The report seems surprised that the applicant did not follow the WoSign Terms of Use. I would not expect an actual attacker to care about the WoSign Terms of Use. The certificate involved here were all clearly misissued; even if the person could have proved control of the parent domain, they did not do so during the process. Therefore, failure to revoke these certificates immediately (as WoSign argued it didn't need to during the public discussion) constitutes a further BR violation, as per Section 4.9.1.1 of the BRs, in particular, item 4 and item 9. WoSign has since stopped doing website control validation entirely. However, that does not decrease the seriousness of the bug/feature. It also raises the question of how such a feature could make it through review, testing and QA. Issue P: Use of SM2 Algorithm (Nov 2015) In November 2015, WoSign issued two certificates that have subject public keys which are for the SM2 algorithm. SM2 is an elliptic-curve-based algorithm but it does not use the US NIST P-256, P-384, or P-521 curves. The CA/Browser Forum Baseline Requirements section 6.1.5 requires that only these three curves be used for elliptic curve keys in certs covered by the BRs. In addition to including subjects keys using unapproved parameters, it seems these each share their serial number with another certificate for the same subject. 1st SM2 cert in crt.sh; cert with same serial number in crt.sh 2nd SM2 cert in crt.sh; cert with same serial number in crt.sh Secondly, for the first pair of certs, the validity period is 4 years, which is 9 months longer than allowed by the BRs. WoSign Response Richard Wang: "This is another case that we will include it in our report. We issued two test cert using SM2 algorithm that used the same serial number as the RSA cert (same subject) to test if we can setup a gateway that install this two type cert, it can shake hand automatically using different cert based on the browser algorithm support." (Unable to find this message in the groups.google.com archive.) This issue is also covered in WoSign's final incident report. Their later final statement document says: "being a Chinese licensed CA, we must abide by local laws and regulations, we must actively cooperate with domestic browsers to test the SSL certificate using SM2 algorithm issued by a global trusted root in the real Internet, not intranet." Further Comments and Conclusion There are plenty of ways of testing this scenario without using public roots - and, in fact, WoSign has said they have updated their systems to avoid issuing test certificates from public roots in future. Mozilla is sceptical of the claim that Chinese law or regulation required WoSign to issue these certificates. However, if that were true, the Baseline Requirements contain a mechanism (section 9.16.3) by which a CA can break the BRs if required to do so by local law, with appropriate disclosure to the CAB Forum. That was not done in this case. We note that Symantec was penalised in late 2015 for issuing non-BR-compliant test certificates in their publicly-trusted certificate hierarchies. Their problems were first revealed in September, and one big discussion of these problems happened in m.d.s.policy starting on 13th October 2015. All of these dates are prior to WoSign's test certificate misissuances. Issue R: Purchase of StartCom (Nov 2015) WoSign purchased the CA "StartCom" and did not disclose the transaction as a change of ownership, which we believe violates section 5 of the Mozilla CA Certificate Maintenance Policy. Furthermore, when this clause was brought to their attention, they denied that any changes fell under it, and they attempted to suppress further information about the ownership transfer when it was brought to the community's attention. Full details can be found in the post in mozilla.dev.security.policy. WoSign Response Richard Wang writes: "An announcement and disclosure will be made shortly pending completion of the business transaction. We can provide the proof documents to Mozilla to show this transaction is not finished if Mozilla think it is necessary." On 2016-09-19, WoSign issued a press release saying that they have "made an equity investment" in StartCom CA. Further Comments and Conclusion Mozilla has confirmed with a Hebrew-speaking lawyer that, as far as the Israeli company authorities are concerned, the transaction which completed the chain to give WoSign 100% ownership of StartCom completed on November 1st 2015. We maintain that this is the date at which the ownership change should have been disclosed to Mozilla. In addition, WoSign's press release about their "equity investment" seems to be economical with the truth; WoSign owns 100% of StartCom. The statement that "WoSign and StartCom [are] two companies operate[d] and managed independently" is hard to square with the fact that the same person is sole director of StartCom and CEO of WoSign. Also, there is technical evidence that StartCom are now using a large part of WoSign's issuance infrastructure. Issue S: Backdated SHA-1 Certs (January 2016) WoSign has issued certificates after January 1st 2016 but backdated the notBefore date to be in December 2015. This has the effect of avoiding the blocks in browsers regarding SHA-1 certs issued after January 1st 2016. The number of certs affected is probably 67, but may be a few more or less. The three certificates below have notBefore dates in Dec 2015, have signatures over SHA-1 hashes and have embedded SCTs which are dated after January 1, 2016. Domain notBefore notAfter SCT Timestamp yffsc.com Dec 19 20:37:06 2015 GMT Dec 29 16:00:00 2016 GMT Jan 4 10:11:27 2016 GMT congfubao.com Dec 20 08:29:51 2015 GMT Dec 29 16:00:00 2016 GMT Jan 5 05:52:47 2016 GMT my.xbniao.com Dec 20 07:48:31 2015 GMT Dec 29 16:00:00 2016 GMT Jan 18 05:33:21 2016 GMT Because these SCTs are embedded, they must have been created before the final certificate was signed, and therefore the final certificate must have been signed in January - on or after January 18th, for the third one. These are the only certs for which cryptographic proof of backdating is available. However, other strong circumstantial evidence suggests that backdating is more prevalent. Firstly, around 12th May 2015, WoSign started using a new certificate template for some of their SHA-1 issuances. This has a fixed notAfter date of 2016-12-29T16:00:00Z (i.e. midnight on 29th/30th December, CST). This may have been a (sensible) move to prevent accidentally issuing SHA-1 certs which ran into 2017. We have found 939 SHA-1 certificates with this fixed notAfter date, including the above three. Certificates issued using this template almost exclusively have notBefore dates on working days in China, suggesting they are issued by explicit WoSign employee action. All of them have notBefores between Monday and Friday, except for 13 on a Saturday and 66 on a Sunday. Of those 66, 4 have notBefores on 2015-09-06, a Sunday which was, unusually, a working day in China. The other 62 all have notBefores on 2015-12-20, which was a Sunday, and not a working day in China. This suggests that, for these 62, the notBefore does not reflect the actual issuance date. For these 62, the notBefore date is some time between midnight and midnight on December 20th 2015, China time (+0800). (This pattern fits a system where code adjusted the date, but not the time, prior to issuance.) Here are five more examples: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Secondly, some certificates which are suspected to be backdated were issued at the same time as SHA-256 certificates for the same domain; the timestamps on the SHA-256 certificates are more likely to be the accurate ones. One example is for congfubao.com, where there is a SHA-256 cert with a notBefore of 5th January and an SCT timestamp of 5th January, 17 seconds later than the SCT timestamp in the backdated SHA-1 cert. The simplest explanation is that both certs were issued together, on January 5th. Other pairs include for ebank.pcnkbank.com (SHA-1, SHA-256) and mail.gd.gov.cn (SHA-1, SHA-256). Lastly, of the 62 suspect certs, there are three more certs with embedded SCTs where the gap between the notBefore date and the SCT date is multiple days (i.e. they were backdated, and this is cryptographically provable) but where the SCT date is nevertheless (just) before 1st January 2016, which means the backdating would not have the effect of avoiding browser blocks. Domain notBefore notAfter SCT Timestamp passport.huayingjuhe.com Dec 20 03:40:31 2015 GMT Dec 29 16:00:00 2016 GMT Dec 31 10:24:34 2015 GMT puxbao.com Dec 20 07:49:25 2015 GMT Dec 29 16:00:00 2016 GMT Dec 31 10:30:03 2015 GMT modai.cc Dec 20 12:02:09 2015 GMT Dec 29 16:00:00 2016 GMT Dec 31 10:20:17 2015 GMT The issuance of backdated certificates is not forbidden by Mozilla policy, but is included in Mozilla's list of Problematic Practices. It says "Minor tweaking for technical compatibility reasons is accepted, but backdating certificates in order to avoid some deadline or code-enforced restriction is not." The Baseline Requirements, section 7.1.3, say: Effective 1 January 2016, CAs MUST NOT issue any new Subscriber certificates or Subordinate CA certificates using the SHA‐1 hash algorithm. (Thanks to Thijs Alkemade of Computest for much of the information in this section.) WoSign Response This issue is covered in WoSign's final incident report. Of the 64 certificates they consider, WoSign attribute 6 to a dual-issuance bug, 9 they say are not problematic because they were issued on December 31st 2015, 2 are the mis-issued certs relating to Issue V, and the other 47 are "normal SHA-1 orders". Further Comments Mozilla is seeking further information on the details in WoSign's report and will make further comment at a later date. Issue T: alicdn.com Misissuance (June 2016) A certificate has been issued in June 2016 to alicdn.com which was not requested by the owner of that domain. The domains in question currently use certificates from Symantec. Cert on Github Gist Cert on crt.sh WoSign Response This issue is covered in WoSign's final incident report. WoSign assert that they completed the domain control checks correctly. Further Comments and Conclusion The owners of alicdn.com have confirmed directly to Mozilla that this incident was caused by an attacker being able to control content on their domain. We would have some concerns with how WoSign's systems validated website control. However, they no longer support this method. This "misissuance" was possible only because alicdn.com was, for some period of time, controlled by an attacker. Therefore, no blame can be attributed to WoSign for the misissuance itself. Issue V: StartEncrypt (July 2016) (a.k.a. "Issue 2") In July 2016, it became clear that there was some problems with the StartEncrypt automatic issuance service recently deployed by the CA StartCom. This was a StartCom-branded service and was not publicised as being able to issue certificates from WoSign. However, changing a simple API parameter in the POST request on the submission page changed the intermediate/root certificate to which the resulting certificate chained up. The value "2" made a certificate signed by "StartCom Class 1 DV Server CA", "1" selected "WoSign CA Free SSL Certificate G2" and "0" selected "CA 沃通根证书", another root certificate owned by WoSign and trusted by Firefox. A security investigator used the value "1", and acquired two certificates which had notBefore dates (usage start date) of 20th December 2015, and which were signed using the SHA-1 checksum algorithm. Cert 1, Cert 2. The issuance of certificates using SHA-1 has been banned by the Baseline Requirements since January 1st, 2016. Browsers, including Firefox, are enforcing this - in Firefox's case, for publicly-trusted CAs, since Firefox 48, released on 1st August 2016. The issuance of backdated certificates is not forbidden, but is included in Mozilla's list of Problematic Practices. It says "Minor tweaking for technical compatibility reasons is accepted, but backdating certificates in order to avoid some deadline or code-enforced restriction is not." WoSign deny that their code backdated the certificates in order to avoid browser-based restrictions - they say "this date is the day we stop to use this code". If that is true, it is not clear to us how StartCom came to be able to call WoSign code that WoSign itself had abandoned. The misissuance issue was not reported to Mozilla by WoSign as it should have been. Section 1 of the Mozilla CA Certificate Enforcement Policy says: "When a serious security concern is noticed, such as a major root compromise, it should be treated as a security-sensitive bug, and the Mozilla Policy for Handling Security Bugs should be followed." WoSign Response 2016-09-04: Official issue report. This issue is also covered in WoSign's final incident report. Further Comments and Conclusion This issue does not paint a picture of careful software development practices and quality assurance - having unused code around capable of issuing BR-violating certificates does not seem like responsible practice. The question of why StartCom was able to trigger certificate-issuance code which WoSign has stopped developing and maintaining is also still open. Issue X: Unpatched Software (September 2016) The first WoSign incident report, produced in response to other issues listed on this page, has a screenshot of a dig query from their validation server. The dig program is part of the bind-utils package, and the output of dig appears to show a bind-utils version of 9.7.3-8.P3.el6. The "el6" shows that this is a version built for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6. This version of bind-utils was released in December 2011 and so is very out of date. The next release of this package for EL6 following the one WoSign are using is bind-utils 9.7.3-8.P3.el6_2.1, which was released a little later in December 2011. The most recent version is 9.8.2-0.47.rc1.el6, which was released on the 10th of May 2016. There are 19 patched CVEs between the version WoSign is running and the current version. None of these CVEs are especially severe. However, if this software is in fact that far out of date (nearly five years), it raises questions about the overall patch level of their verification server and even their other infrastructure. WoSign's most recent audit used the "SSL Baseline With Network Security - Version 2.0" criteria. These criteria integrate two CA/Browser Forum Documents - the SSL BRs and the Network & Certificate Systems Security Requirements. A bullet on page 19 of the Network Security Requirements requires that "Recommended security patches are applied to Certificate Systems within six months of the security patch’s availability, unless the CA documents that the security patch would introduce additional vulnerabilities or instabilities that outweigh the benefits of applying the security patch." That appears not to be true of their version of bind, and so may well not be true of other more critical packages on their systems. We would expect the presence of badly outdated software and the lack of an appropriate patching regime to have been caught by WoSign's auditors. Thanks to Paul Pearce for his help with this issue. WoSign Response This issue has not yet been formally brought to WoSign's attention. Further Comments and Conclusion N/A. Cross Signing It is important background information to know which WoSign roots are cross-signed by other trusted or previously-trusted roots. The following unexpired and unrevoked cross-signatures are currently known: Target Source Source Owner Expiry Comments /C=CN/O=WoSign CA Limited/CN=CA 沃通根证书 /C=IL/O=StartCom Ltd./OU=Secure Digital Certificate Signing/CN=StartCom Certification Authority StartCom 2019-12-31T23:59:59Z /C=CN/O=WoSign CA Limited/CN=Certification Authority of WoSign /C=IL/O=StartCom Ltd./OU=Secure Digital Certificate Signing/CN=StartCom Certification Authority StartCom 2019-12-31T23:59:59Z /C=CN/O=WoSign CA Limited/CN=Certification Authority of WoSign G2 /C=PL/O=Unizeto Sp. z o.o./CN=Certum CA Asseco Data Systems S.A. 2020-11-02T01:01:59Z /C=CN/O=WoSign CA Limited/CN=Certification Authority of WoSign G2 /C=PL/O=Unizeto Sp. z o.o./CN=Certum CA Asseco Data Systems S.A. 2020-11-02T01:59:59Z /C=CN/O=WoSign CA Limited/CN=Certification Authority of WoSign /C=US/ST=UT/L=Salt Lake City/O=The USERTRUST Network/OU=http://www.usertrust.com/CN=UTN - DATACorp SGC Comodo 2019-06-24T19:06:30Z Rob Stradling of Comodo writes: "This cross-certificate is currently unexpired and unrevoked. However, the 'UTN - DATACorp SGC' root was removed from NSS last year. 'UTN - DATACorp SGC' was also cross-certified by the 'AddTrust External CA Root' root, but we revoked the cross-certificates in December 2015." /C=CN/O=WoSign CA Limited/CN=Certification Authority of WoSign /C=US/ST=UT/L=Salt Lake City/O=The USERTRUST Network/OU=http://www.usertrust.com/CN=UTN-USERFirst-Object Comodo 2019-07-09T18:40:36Z Rob Stradling of Comodo writes: "These two cross-certificates are currently unexpired and unrevoked. However, the 'UTN-USERFirst-Object' root is only enabled for the Code Signing trust bit in NSS. There are 2 cross-certs (currently unconstrained and unrevoked) issued by 'AddTrust External CA Root' to 'UTN-USERFirst-Object'. However, the cross-certs issued to WoSign are EKU-constrained to Code Signing/Time Stamping." Retrieved from "https://wiki.mozilla.org/index.php?title=CA:WoSign_Issues&oldid=1149262" Navigation menu Personal tools Log in Request account Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Product releases New pages Recent changes Recent uploads Popular pages Random page Help How to Contribute All-hands meeting Other meetings Contribute to Mozilla Mozilla Reps Student Ambassadors MozillaWiki News About Team Policies Releases @MozillaWiki Report a wiki bug Around Mozilla Mozilla Support Mozilla Developer Network Planet Mozilla Mozilla Blog Webmaker Research Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Import an Etherpad Browse properties Privacy policy About MozillaWiki Mobile view
null
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Software/Tablets/Gallery/Rumor SoftwareTablets Google testing Andromeda, an Android-Chrome OS hybrid, on Nexus 9 By Jacob Kleinman | September 26, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Google is making steady progress in its plan to bring Android apps to Chrome OS, but the company could have something even bigger in the works. A new report reveals that a hybrid operating system called Andromeda may already be in testing on Google’s Nexus 9 tablet. According to 9to5Mac and its anonymous sources, Andromeda is an Android-Chrome OS hybrid designed to bring Android software to laptops and 2-in-1 devices. It apparently includes the free-form window mode hidden in Android N, which lets you run several resizable apps at the same time. The site also found evidence of Andromeda in Android 7.0 Nougat code, including one directly mention of free-form windows. Android Nougat offers a few more major clues concerning Andromeda. The code details Google’s graphics performance tests, noting that Andromeda requires a higher score of at least 8.0 compared to Android’s 4.0 score requirement. The Nexus 9 passed the test with a score of 8.8. Finally, the Android Nougat code actually mentions the Nexus 9 directly using its original codename, Volantis, in reference to the new hybrid operating system. 9to5Mac adds that some testers are already running early versions of Andromeda on the tablet, but it’s unclear if Google will ever officially release the software for the Nexus 9. It’s possible Google could offer up some information on its Andromeda efforts during next month’s event. The company is expected to unveil new Pixel phones and a other new hardware on October 4, but we this experimental new software might end up stealing the show. Source 9to5Google Topics #Google #Android 7.0 Nougat #Andromeda #Google #Nexus 9 Products Mentioned HTC Nexus 9 Jacob Kleinman Jacob Kleinman has been working as a journalist online and in print since he arrived at Wesleyan University in 2007. After graduating, he took a blogging job at the International… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access vSphere 6.5 goes GA, gains surprise powers to predict the future FYI Apple fans – iCloud slurps your call histories TfL to track Tube users in stations by their MAC addresses Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... The Naked Product Launch: 30 seconds to sell a robot Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Google Emergent Tech Self-driving Google car T-boned in California crash Mountain View's motor not to blame, insists Mountain View spokesman Pic: Lightpoet via Shutterstock 26 Sep 2016 at 13:55, Gareth Corfield Gareth Corfield Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Comment Of The Week, Internet Of Things, Police, Drone, Ministry Of Defence Recent Articles Dell bundles bundle of systems-bundlers into its IoT van Drone idiots are still endangering real aircraft and breaking the rules Puny human sailors still needed... until drone machine learning tech catches up A Lexus fitted with Google's self-driving car tech was hit by a non-autonomous van that is said to have run a red light at a junction, according to local reports. The accident happened at 1.30pm on Saturday at the junction of El Camino Real and Calderon Avenue in Mountain View, just round the corner from Google's HQ. A Google statement given to ABC 7 News said: “Human error plays a role in 94 percent of these crashes, which is why we're developing fully self-driving technology to make our roads safer.” The statement went on to claim that Google's vehicle had a green light for at least six seconds before entering the junction. Both vehicles were towed away from the scene. Photos from locals appeared to show the aftermath of the crash. @davidnield permission granted. pic.twitter.com/WyKFCJE2Vz — Ron van Zuylen (@grommet) September 25, 2016 According to the various outlets reporting the crash, Google self-driving cars are commonplace in Mountain View and accidents are rare. ® Sponsored: 10 Reasons LinuxONE is the best choice for Linux workloads Tips and corrections 59 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Controlling the Uncontrollable Protecting email and other corporate data on mobile devices—without bogging down workers—is one of today’s biggest challenges faced by IT pros today. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi UK warships to have less firepower than 19th century equivalents as missiles withdrawn British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Spotlight Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Spark meets HAL: Apache's cluster master goes deep Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Basic income after automation? That’s not how capitalism works Mysterious algorithms, black-box AI recruiters are binning our résumés Pound falling, Marmite off the shelves – what the UK needs right now is ... an AI ethics board Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Ericsson’s patent pool is far from the new start the IoT needs Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Motoring Google Google's self-driving car involved in another crash Mountain View police said Google's vehicle was in control when the accident happened. By Sarmistha Acharya September 26, 2016 15:01 BST This is not the first time when Google's sel-driving car was involved in an accidentGetty Images One of Google's self-driving cars was involved in an accident on Friday (23 September) afternoon in Mountain View, California, the company confirmed. According to the police, a Google autonomous Lexus SUV vehicle was travelling northbound on Phyllis Ave, when another car was travelling west on El Camino Real. The car ran a red light and hit the passenger side door of the self-driving vehicle. Mountain View police said the accident happened around 1:30pm, but there were no injuries. Mobile phone video footage captured by CBS showed Google's autonomous car on a flatbed tow truck after the crash. At the time of the accident there was an individual inside the car, the police said. The company announced its car was "in control" when the accident occurred. "I only saw the tail-end of the crash, and the dazed Google employees sitting around afterwards waiting for their tow-truck. I had to be on my way," a witness told 9to5Google. The witness said Google's vehicle was not at fault adding, "From what I could see, it was the van's fault entirely." The company in a statement said: "Our light was green for at least six seconds before our car entered the intersection. Thousands of crashes happen everyday on U.S. roads, and red-light running is the leading cause of urban crashes in the U.S. Human error plays a role in 94% of these crashes, which is why we're developing fully self-driving technology to make our roads safer." However, this is not the first time when Google's car was involved in an accident. In February this year a self-driving Lexus vehicle struck a public transit bus in El Camino Real in Mountain View while trying to get around a sandbag in the road. That was the first accident to be officially documented wherein Google was at fault. More from IBTimes UK Oxford develops self-driving car technology to take on Google, Tesla, and Uber Google self-driving car could automatically detect approaching emergency police vehicles Google self-driving car project reaches 'advanced' talks with Fiat Chrysler @davidnield permission granted. pic.twitter.com/WyKFCJE2Vz— Ron van Zuylen (@grommet) September 25, 2016 Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Four dead after US Navy serviceman drives truck off bridge onto festival crowd Columnists Jane Merrick “Becoming a lord is Nigel Farage's only chance to stay in power READ MORE Canadian armed forces recruitment website hacked The cyberattack is currently being investigated but authorities reportedly unsure of hackers' identity. AOL to lay off 500 employees while shifting focus to mobile CEO Tim Armstrong said the cuts are not related to the ongoing discussion with Yahoo over integration of the companies. Google backtracks after banning 200 users for trying to resell Pixel smartphones Google suspended multiple users for buying Pixel phones and reselling them to a dealer in New Hampshire. TfL to track London Underground users via their mobile phones TfL will use MAC addresses to learn how passengers move around its network. Argos Black Friday 2016: The 7 best deals and biggest discounts on technology and electricals With Black Friday deals launching, IBTimes UK looks at the biggest savings so far. The most exciting new cars on show at the 2016 LA Auto Show IBTimes UK takes a look at the new cars and trends at the Los Angeles Auto Show, which opens to the public on Friday 18... Pokemon Sun and Moon reportedly set for Nintendo Switch release under codename Pokemon Stars Pokemon Stars may include new Pokémon and features. iPhone sends call logs to Apple servers even when iCloud backup is switched off claims Elcomsoft The company claims that the logs are stored for up to four months. South Korea rejects Google request to use local data for its maps service A South Korean official said Google could export local data for its maps service if it deletes security facilities. Black Friday: Game UK early deals include PS4, Xbox One bundles, Deus Ex, WWE 2K17 and more PS4 and XBox One consoles reduced, along with a plethora of games. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Breaking News Army sergeant denies wife's attempted murder after her parachute fails to open at 4,000ft About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology Driverless cars Technology Google driverless car involved in 'worst crash yet' after van runs a red light The incident has been blamed on the human driver of the van rather than the autonomous vehicle  Share  Comments BySophie Curtis 16:05, 26 SEP 2016 Updated18:03, 26 SEP 2016 Technology The Google self-driving car manoeuvres through the streets of in Washington (Photo: Getty)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email A Google driverless car has collided with a commercial van, in what is thought to be the worst accident involving an autonomous vehicle yet. On Friday, a Lexus outfitted with Google's autonomous driving technology was struck by a van that ran a red light in Mountain View, California. A photo of the aftermath shows the car with a huge dent on the passenger side, and a van with a bashed-in bonnet being pulled onto a tow truck. Photo shared by @grommet on Twitter (Photo: Twitter/@grommet) According to a statement from Google, the traffic light "was green for at least six seconds before our car entered the intersection". The crash happened at the corner of W El Camino Real and Calderon Ave. No one was hurt in the crash and all airbags deployed. "I only saw the tail-end of the crash, and the dazed Google employees sitting around afterwards waiting for their tow-truck," a witness told 9to5Google . "From what I could see, it was the van's fault entirely." Google self-driving car (Photo: Getty) This is not the first time a Google self-driving car has been involved in an accident. Earlier this year, an autonomous Lexus collided with a bus while travelling at just 2mph. The car pulled out in front of the bus to avoid some sandbags in the road. The bus was only travelling at 15mph but the impact of the crash tore off the Lexus' side radar and crumpled the left side of the bonnet. The left side of the bumper was damaged in the collision The crash was said to be the first time a self-driving car had caused an accident - for the most part, human drivers are to blame. "Thousands of crashes happen everyday on US roads, and red-light running is the leading cause of urban crashes in the US," said Google in a statement. "Human error plays a role in 94% of these crashes, which is why we're developing fully self-driving technology to make our roads safer." Tesla sports car on "autopilot" The news comes after a string of nasty accidents involving Tesla vehicles equipped with autopilot technology - which some have mistaken for fully autonomous cars . Dashcam footage recently emerged of a Tesla car ploughing into the back a road sweeper on the slow lane of a motorway in China. It is thought the car was in "autopilot" mode at the time. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Google Lexus Driverless cars tech all Most Read Most Recent NintendoNintendo Mini NES Classic Edition: Release date, price, games and how to pre-order Mario's nostalgic new console Nintendo is going back to the glory days with this brand new version of the classic NES console - here's everything you need to know about it TechnologySenior 'alt-right' Twitter trolls promise to flood the social network with 'fake black person' accounts After Twitter suspended the accounts of several prominent American alt-right members, the outspoken movement has threatened to hit back TechnologyCoke reveals 'world's first selfie bottle' that'll snap while you swig Now you can quench your thirst and take a selfie at the same time TechnologyNintendo Switch UK price LEAKED - and Mario's next console looks surprisingly affordable High street retailer GAME is reported to be setting the next generation console's price at a wallet-friendly price TechnologyCharge your phone in FIVE MINUTES - new battery tech is 'fastest ever' when it comes to powering up Tech company Qualcomm has unveiled its Quick Charge 4.0 technology that will give you hours of power in just five minutes TechnologyCharge your phone in FIVE MINUTES - new battery tech is 'fastest ever' when it comes to powering up Tech company Qualcomm has unveiled its Quick Charge 4.0 technology that will give you hours of power in just five minutes World newsIntelligent humanoid robot 'Sanbot' fights crime at airports with facial recognition software The machines can also provide customer service and help airport passengers with their queries TechnologyCoke reveals 'world's first selfie bottle' that'll snap while you swig Now you can quench your thirst and take a selfie at the same time TechnologySenior 'alt-right' Twitter trolls promise to flood the social network with 'fake black person' accounts After Twitter suspended the accounts of several prominent American alt-right members, the outspoken movement has threatened to hit back The Grand TourThe Grand Tour: Release date and latest news about the Jeremy Clarkson Amazon show that could topple Netflix Clarkson, May and Hammond are coming back to our screens - and the only way to see them is on Amazon's video streaming platform Most Read Most Recent Real Life StoriesTragic British girl, 14, to be cryogenically frozen so she might live again after historic court victory The youngster knew she only had weeks to live when she wrote a heartbreaking letter to a judge asking to be frozen until a cure could be found Celebrity NewsGossip Girl actress hangs herself in hotel room during modelling trip to Peru Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt and Ugly Betty star Lisa Lynn Masters, who was battling depression, was found dead inside her hotel room closet SnowUK weather: 'Thundersnow' sparks travel chaos as Britain wakes up to winter showers and icy roads The dangerous conditions have wreaked havoc in north-west and south-west England, western Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, prompting weather warnings Shopping & DealsWhen is Black Friday 2016? Deals predictions, stores to watch and online shopping tips ahead of the huge November blow out If you're counting down to the retail bonanza, here's our guide to get you prepared TV NewsI'm a Celeb's Scarlett Moffatt is battling facial paralysis in the jungle as she's ruled out of Bushtucker Trial The Gogglebox favourite, 25, was diagnosed with Bell’s palsy after being knocked over by a car when she was 11 Tottenham Hotspur FCTottenham reveal sneak peek of new stadium construction in series of amazing aerial shots Spurs plan to leave White Hart Lane for their new £400million home after the 2017/18 season and development appears to be progressing steadily Buckingham PalaceQueen to get extra £369m of taxpayers' cash for Buckingham Palace refurb A 10-year phased option will see the palace remain open and the monarch in residence throughout the works CancerWoman expecting her first child left devastated after being told pregnancy was rare cancer tumour Stephanie Theobald and husband Michael were distraught to discover their child had no heartbeat when they went for a routine 12 week scan Vicky PattisonI'm a Celeb Extra Camp's Vicky Pattison confirms relationship with fellow Geordie John Noble Her new beau recently flew out to Australia to celebrate Vicky's birthday Premier LeagueDon't sleep! Your essential guide to 24 consecutive hours of INCREDIBLE live sport this weekend Fancy watching sport for over 24 consecutive hours this weekend? Of course you do, just read on and let us make you dreams come true Top Stories UK NewsNew dad, 17, 'took his own life' just 12 days after his baby son passed away His 18-year-old partner is said to be "devastated" after he was found dead at his home on Tuesday Real Life StoriesBritish girl is cryogenically frozen so she can live again after court victory against dad The girl wrote a heartbreaking letter to a judge asking for her body to be frozen in the US until a cure could be found. A number of celebrities intend to be preserved in the same way (bottom left) World newsWoman who had sex with pit bull filmed sickening acts to 'arouse her boyfriend' Jenna Driscoll, 27, burst into her tears after pleading guilty today to a raft of charges including bestiality and drug trafficking Planning permissionNeighbours react after homeowner is ordered to remove illegal extension - some say its 'beautiful' while others demand 'pull it down' Akmal Hussain's semi-detached home shot up in size by around a third and added £100,000 in value to the property but he had no planning permission Sex fantasiesPeople are getting naked to film themselves sitting on posh cakes - because it turns them on The fetish sees participants de-robe then squash a dessert with their bum on camera UK NewsFuneral of Big Fat Gypsy Wedding star's grandfather descends into bloody brawl The funeral was held for “Big” John Connor, whose granddaughter-in-law is Big Fat Gypsy Wedding star Dimples McPhee SelfiesMum takes picture of daughter's 'GUARDIAN ANGEL' in final selfie with teen dying of cancer Sarah Danbury believes she photographed a heavenly apparition as she snapped a poignant final picture with 19-year-old Amy Beckingham, who was battling ultra-rare liver cancer RacismScreaming white teacher calls black pupils 'n*****s' in 'appalling' racist classroom rant caught on camera The teacher screams at shocked pupils she describes them "idiots" who are going to get shot Tony RobinsonBlackadder's Tony Robinson PEED on the Queen's plants in Buckingham Palace gardens The star was filming a show for Queen Elizabeth II's 80th birthday celebrations PoliceCop caught on camera PUNCHING woman in the face during argument over expired arrest warrant WARNING: DISTRESSING FOOTAGE. The officer has been placed on administrative leave while police investigate the footage ChocolateCouple who fell in love over Jaffa Cakes on first date get huge wedding cake made from 1,000 zesty treats Their wedding plans nearly fell apart but their cake is the stuff dreams are made of CancerWoman expecting her first child left devastated after being told pregnancy was rare cancer tumour Stephanie Theobald and husband Michael were distraught to discover their child had no heartbeat when they went for a routine 12 week scan News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Internet Internet News Google Home, Google Wifi, Chromecast Ultra Tipped to Launch at October 4 Event  Shubham Verma, 26 September 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights Google Home will reportedly cost $129 (roughly Rs. 8,500) Chromecast Ultra will reportedly cost $69 (roughly Rs. 4,600) The Google Wifi router is tipped to be priced at $129 Internet giant Google is reportedly very enthusiastic about its October 4 event. After the official announcement to launch its flagship Android 7.1 Nougat-powered smartphones - Pixel and Pixel XL - Google is also tipped to formally announce its voice-assistant device Google Home on October 4. Google Home, unveiled earlier this year, is Google's answer to Amazon Echo to tap into the IoT-powered home devices. Google may also unveil its first 4K 'Chromecast Ultra' dongle at the event, as well as the Google Wifi router. At its annual developer conference I/O 2016, Google pulled the wraps off its Amazon Echo-like home assistant. Android Police, citing people close to the matter, reported that Google will offer Google Home for a price of $129 (roughly Rs. 8,500) - that's straight $40 off the Amazon Echo's price. It, however, almost equals the price of Amazon Tap. Google will also offer personalised base covers for its home assistant device, as mentioned by Google at its I/O conference. Google Home is powered by Google Assistant, the same virtual assistant that's present in the company's recently launched messaging app Allo. Google Home will be powered by the voice-activated version of Google Assistant. There is no information on how Google Home will work and what all features it will have in its final build. The Mountain View company is also said to launch its 4K Chromecast Ultra dongle alongside Google Home. The new Chromecast Ultra will be priced at $69 (roughly Rs. 4,600), as reported by Android Police. While already offering 4K screening capabilities, Google's new Chromecast may also tick the HDR feature. Google currently offers Chromecast 2 at a price of $35 (Rs. 3,399 in India) that supports 1080p HD videos. Google is also said to introduce its own-brand Wi-Fi router called Google Wifi at the October 4 event. The Google Wifi is reported to be priced at $129 and will house a feature where it can link multiple Wi-Fi access points to create a unified network, unlike the company's last router, Google OnHub, which was launched at $199.99. As we mentioned, Google is expected to introduce its Android 7.1 Nougat flagship smartphones - Pixel & Pixel XL at the event. The event was recently pegged to also feature a teaser for its much-rumoured Chrome OS-Android merger, now said to be codenamed 'Andromeda'. Tags: Google Home, Amazon Echo, Amazon Tap, Internet, Chromecast, Chromecast Ultra, Google Wifi, Google Pixel, Pixel, Pixel XL Shubham VermaEmail Shubham Shubham can usually be found busy juggling tech news and rumours, if he is not lost contemplating the state of technology and its progress towards utopia. He is a ... More Minecraft Cross-Platform Play Announced Logitech Create Backlit Keyboard Case for 9.7-Inch iPad Pro Launched at Rs. 9,995 Google Home, Google Wifi, Chromecast Ultra Tipped to Launch at October 4 Event MESSAGE Shubham Verma Fields marked with * are mandatory From: *   Email:   Message: *   2000             Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 Plus Vivo X9 Lyf Wind 7i OnePlus 3T Gionee S9 Vivo V5 Huawei Mate 9 Pro HTC Bolt Hyve Pryme Panasonic P71 Zopo Color F2 Motorola Moto M Lyf F8 Asus ZenFone 3 Max (ZC553KL) General Mobile GM5 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G Popular iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones From Gadgets 360 Shop » Panasonic Eluga Turbo In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 13,999Rs. 7,999 Yu Yureka Plus In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 12,500Rs. 6,389 Moto G Turbo Edition In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 14,499Rs. 9,549 Celkon Millennia Q599 Ufe... In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 3,299 OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe UPI Could Help With the Cash Crunch - So Why Is No One Using It? Akhil Arora FIFA 17 The Journey: Why, EA Sports, Why? Kunal Dua MacBook Pro 2016 Is the Touchscreen Mac You've Always Wanted Advertisement Recent This Possible Nintendo Switch Launch Game Sounds Absolutely Bizarre Reliance Global Call Unveils International Calling App for Android, iOS Google Play Newsstand Gets Makeover; Launches on Web Don’t Let Kids Watch What They Shouldn’t With The New YouTube Kids Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano With 5.5-Inch Display Images and Specifications Leaked This Credit Card-Sized Phone Starts Shipping From November-End Pokemon Stars Is the Nintendo Switch’s Pokemon Sun and Moon: Report US Says Concerned Over Russia Blocking Access to LinkedIn Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Price, Image, Specifications Leaked Flipkart Unveils Exchange Offers for Google Pixel, Pixel XL Smartphones More News TRENDING Looking for an ATM Near You With Cash? These Apps and Websites Can Help Do Not Click or Share That WhatsApp Video Calling Invite Link - It's Fake With Trump in Power, Apple Said to Be Considering Making iPhones in US How to Get WhatsApp Video Calling Right Now Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano With 5.5-Inch Display Images and Specifications Leaked Vivo V5 vs Oppo F1s vs Gionee S6s: The Selfie Smartphone Battle Vivo V5 With 20-Megapixel Front Camera, Front Flash Launched in India Reliance Global Call Unveils International Calling App for Android, iOS Flipkart Unveils Exchange Offers for Google Pixel, Pixel XL Smartphones OnePlus 3T With Snapdragon 821 SoC, 128GB Storage Launched Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
Order our new book, Atlas Obscura: An Explorer’s Guide to the World’s Hidden Wonders Sign In Join Find Near The Atlas Top Destinations Newly Added Places Most Popular Places Random Place Add a Place Newly Added Places Rutland, Vermont Wilson Castle 43.6122, -73.0276 Fairbanks, Alaska Permafrost Tunnel 64.9511, -147.6245 Lisbon, Portugal Jerónimos Monastery 38.6970, -9.2069 Canyon, Texas Palo Duro Canyon 34.9846, -101.7011 Top Destinations Countries Australia Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Cities Amsterdam Barcelona Beijing Berlin Boston Budapest Chicago London Los Angeles Mexico City Montreal Moscow New Orleans New York Paris Philadelphia Prague Rome San Francisco Seattle Stockholm Tokyo Toronto Vienna SEE ALL 5441 DESTINATIONS IN THE ATLAS Stories BROWSE STORIES BY Columns Features Interactive News Video Visual Most Recent Stories Why Did Ancient Italians Bury Thousands of Clay Body Parts? How Alchemy Has Been Depicted in Art Through the Ages Looking Inside the Abandoned Schools of the Irish Countryside Take a Peek at the Haunting Sounds and Sights of an After-Dark Cemetery Party Events Quick Links All Events All Trips Explore Events Chicago Los Angeles New York Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle Washington, D.C. Upcoming Events Nov 18 Chicago Glitz, Glamour…and Panic! A Hunt for the History of 1893 in Chicago Nov 19 Pasadena San Andreas Scavenger Hunt Nov 19 Alexandria Distilling George Washington's Whiskey Nov 19 Seattle Other Peoples Polyester Sign In Join Search Find Near Search 48.8612, 2.3583 Museum of Hunting and Nature (Musée de la Chasse et de la Nature), France What's near me? Are Mermaids Real? The Long Tail of a Simple Question Where do mermaids live? Where are mermaids found? Are there mermaids in real life? Are mermaids really real? by Sarah Laskow September 26, 2016 Actress Glynis Johns as Miranda, a mermaid living in a cave. Kurt Hutton/Picture Post/Getty Images Email This Article From To Please separate multiple addresses with commas. We won't share addresses with third parties. Subscribe me to the Atlas Obscura Newsletter Enjoying This Story? Get our latest, delivered straight to your inbox by subscribing to our newsletter. Subscribe to our newsletter and get our latest, sent right to your inbox. Subscribe Thanks for subscribing! Related Stories Videocassette Dating Let Singles Fast-Forward to Love I Would Walk 500 Miles, and I Would Walk 500 More, Just to Be the Man Who Walked 1,000 Miles Out on the Ocean Floor Google's New 5,500-Mile Undersea Cable from the U.S. to Japan Is Now Going Online Over the past few months, Atlas Obscura has been at the receiving end of many a search query about mermaids. Day after day, it is one of the most enduringly popular search terms on our site. What do these mermaid-curious visitors most want to discover? It’s simple: “are mermaids real” No question mark. Just a simple plea for answers. There are close follow-ups, which include: real mermaids mermaids are real where do mermaids live is mermaids real are mermaids real? These site visitors are looking for “real mermaids,” but also wondering—where are mermaids located; where are mermaids found; where can you find mermaids; where to find mermaids; r mermaids real; are mermaids real or not; are there mermaids in real life; are mermaids really real; where can i find mermaids; mermaids are they real; mermaids real? (Adding the question mark does not seem to change the results.) Diver Mehgan Heaney-Grier, aka Mermaid Melissa. (Photo: Mehgan Heaney-Grier/CC BY 3.0) Google searchers, it seems, are more interested in the existential state of mermaids than other fantastic creatures. In the past few years, queries for “are mermaids real” have been more popular than equivalent questions about aliens, vampires, ghosts and unicorns, according to Google Trends. Naturally we wondered, why are people so avidly searching for real mermaids? Interest in mermaids wasn’t always so high. Before 2013, in fact, Google received about the same level of interest in mermaids as in vampire, aliens, and so on. But something changed in 2013. There was a spike in queries about the existence of mermaids, followed by another, larger spike. Searches for “are mermaids real” going back to 2004. (Image: Google Trends) In fact, these spikes are not particularly mysterious. In 2013, Animal Planet aired two “documentaries,” The Body Found and The New Evidence, about the existence of mermaids. They had all the trappings of mediocre TV documentaries, but were fake. The Body Found follows a team of scientists investigating strange underwater sounds and a body washed up on the beach. The film presents theories about how mermaids learned to fish and could have evolved from “underwater apes.” (The existence of underwater apes is a real scientific theory, but one that’s usually dismissed.) The film includes fake footage of “real mermaids” and also interviews with scientists, who, in reality, were just characters played by actors. The shows did not broadcast their fiction in any immediate or obvious way; a coy disclaimer in the end credits notes that “certain events in this film are fictional.” The “docudramas” seemed real enough that many people believed them. Millions of people watched those documentaries, and many still weren’t sure what to believe at the end. So they asked: are mermaids real Vampires had gone through a similar bump in interest in the late ’00s, presumably for Twilight-related reasons. Vampire curiosity waned, though, back to pre-bump levels. (Google searchers are now more curious about aliens than either vampires or ghosts; unicorns are never quite as popular.) Interest in mermaids, by contrast, has stayed elevated: The relative interest in “are mermaids real” (blue) to “are vampires real” (red). (Image: Google Trends) Curiosity about real aliens (red) has overtaken queries about vampires (blue) and ghosts (yellow). (Image: Google Trends) Part of what’s driving the continued interest in real mermaids may be the long tail of mermaid content. Video aggregators on YouTube are still making videos of found mermaid footage and posting it. These videos all draw from the same set of mermaid footage. There’s the fuzzy blue man on the faraway rock who waves regally. There’s the even fuzzier footage of something finned jumping from the water. There’s the beautiful, hauntingly humanoid mermaid created for Pirates of the Caribbean, and the nasty, desiccated brown corpse of a mermaid lying face down on the beach—a taxidermied wonder created by a Florida artist. One of the most popular bits of mermaid content to reuse is the eerie footage from the Animal Planet show, in which the silhouette of a mermaid swims past the camera. Some of these videos have millions of views; there’s an incredible reaction video to the mermaid footage that’s been hugely successful in its own right. The channels who make these videos are well versed in the art of virality. Some focus on the paranormal, but others post compilations of anything that will reliably attract viewers. Whenever anyone searches “are mermaids real,” the channels are there waiting; they’ll also pop up in a YouTube rotation of idle exploration, so that person who had no interest in mermaids can be drawn into the same loop of alluring and confusing footage. One of Juan Cabana’s taxidermy mermaids—a popular image in viral mermaid videos. (Photo: Juan Cabana) But can the continued strength of the search term “are mermaids real” be attributed just to canny SEO positioning? Some of mermaid queries are more realistic than others. If—and no judgment here!—you are on the hunt for a sexy mermaid experience, searches like “real life mermaid” can lead you to websites and videos featuring women portraying mermaids. They wear tails and swim in water. They’re flirty.  But it’s clear that attractive human women wearing fake tails are not what all of the mermaid curious are after. They are wondering if, one day, they could be swimming out in the ocean and encounter a dewy half-human, half-fish. There is a magic about mermaids that makes it tempting to believe they might be out there. There’s the fantasy of being seduced by a fish creature. There’s the very real possibility of undiscovered ocean creatures—in the vast and mostly unexplored oceans, strange creatures turn up all the time. It seems, too, that of all fantastical creatures, mermaids are the most fun to identify with. Vampires might be sexy, but there are some real inconveniences and responsibilities that come with being undead. It’s even more inconvenient and boring to be a ghost. To be a mermaid, though—life under the sea seems like it could be pleasant, exciting, and free of care. That’s been the allure of mermaids for millennia: the sirens that Odysseus heard sing tempted him to give up his earthly cares and responsibilities to be with them. Plus, they could be hot. #mermaids#oceans#technology#features Read Next A Guide to the 58 Crazy Different Terms for 'Water' Recent Stories Why Did Ancient Italians Bury Thousands of Clay Body Parts? Feet, hands, eyes, ears, arms, legs, uteri, heads...thousands upon thousands of body parts. November 18, 2016 How Alchemy Has Been Depicted in Art Through the Ages Secret symbols aplenty. November 18, 2016 Looking Inside the Abandoned Schools of the Irish Countryside Ireland is full of deserted schools. I've photographed 150 of them. November 17, 2016 Places Near You Related Stories story airports An Alarm Designer on How to Annoy People in the Most Effective Ways There's an art and science to making one sound seem more urgent than another. November 15, 2016 story panic week The First People to Push the Panic Button Were Korean War Pilots What started as a last-ditch safety tool became a way for soldiers to make fun of each other. November 04, 2016 story robot Human Eyes Might Not Notice a Good Forgery, But Computers Could Artificial intelligence might thwart art forgers once and for all. October 05, 2016 story mermaids Meet the Newest Entrant in the Pantheon of 'Real Mermaids' A British man says he found a washed-up mermaid. October 05, 2016 From Elsewhere Recent Stories Why Did Ancient Italians Bury Thousands of Clay Body Parts? Feet, hands, eyes, ears, arms, legs, uteri, heads...thousands upon thousands of body parts. November 18, 2016 How Alchemy Has Been Depicted in Art Through the Ages Secret symbols aplenty. November 18, 2016 Looking Inside the Abandoned Schools of the Irish Countryside Ireland is full of deserted schools. I've photographed 150 of them. November 17, 2016 Places Near You The Atlas Recently Added Most Popular Random Curious Facts Add a Place Events Upcoming Events Upcoming Trips Stories Columns Features Interactive News Video Visual Company About Contact Us FAQ Work With Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscribe to the Atlas Obscura Newsletter and get our latest, delivered straight to your inbox. Thanks for subscribing! © 2016 Atlas Obscura. All rights reserved. © 2016 Atlas Obscura. All rights reserved. Issues with the site? Please let us know. Join Atlas Obscura Email Address Password Confirm password How many arms does an octopus have? Subscribe me to the Atlas Obscura Newsletter Or Join with Facebook Sign In to Continue Email address Password Forgot your password? Or Log In with Facebook Not a Member? Join Escape the Beaten Path Subscribe to the Atlas Obscura Newsletter and get our latest, delivered straight to your inbox. Subscribe No Thanks We'd Like You to Like Us Like Atlas Obscura and get our latest and greatest stories in your Facebook feed. No Thanks Like Us on Facebook
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai What's Really Behind the FCC's Backwards Plan to "Fix" Our TVs (Guest Column) The Hollywood ReporterSeptember 26, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share If it ain't broke, don't fix it. Initially, when FCC chair Tom Wheeler announced this past January that the FCC was considering opening up the antiquated cable provider set-top box, I thought it sounded like a good idea. What I imagined was similar to the deregulation of other services that have provided more choice for consumers due to greater competition, while maintaining the same standards of operability. This already exists with some providers when it comes to bandwidth. As a Time Warner Cable subscriber here in Los Angeles, I chose to buy my own cable modem and router, rather than rent those devices from TWC. In the long run, it's saving me money. But apparently that's not what the FCC has in mind when it comes to the set-top box and the programming that's supposed to come over it. My understanding is that these new devices (or in Wheeler's latest revision, new "box-less" digital services) are actually a new layer of … something … that goes between the movies and TV shows we watch, and the cable companies' pipes. These are not cable boxes that we can own to replace the ones we've been renting (which is what I thought this was about). No, these are apparently an entirely new category of devices or services that bypass the existing distribution agreements between content providers and cable (or satellite) distributors. Since Google is a prime backer and promoter of Wheeler's new scheme, I've got to think that the purpose of this new technology is to collect more data about us, about what we watch, about what we buy, and then sell this to advertisers.  And in the process of Google convincing the FCC to shove this new technology down our throats and onto our screens, everyone else loses: people who make great content, people who market great content and people who distribute great content. Google is asking the government to bypass everyone to enrich their core advertising business. Ultimately, we consumers lose because if we stop paying for content the content is going to go away, and we'll be left with nothing but cat videos. Read more: FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler Puts Forward Big Proposal to Reshape Access to TV Programming So this is actually sounding more and more like a Trojan Horse, and clearly not about replacing the set-top box. As usual, Google and Wheeler are hiding behind the excuse that they're just bringing more choice to consumers. But don't we already have the choice? Aren't there already a number of great replacements for the cable box? Aren't Roku, Amazon Fire (which I opted for), Apple TV and even Google's Chromecast exactly the kind of consumer-owned future-focused cable boxes Wheeler was initially talking about? Everything is evolving quite nicely without the FCC or Google trying to "improve" our service. Take me: I'm a cord cutter. Some of my industry peers might find this shocking, but this year, I ditched my cable subscription and went all-internet. I'm saving myself about $800 a year by signing on to what is known as a "skinny bundle" provided by Sony's Playstation Vue service, a virtual cable box that serves up 60 of my favorite channels, and lets me watch them at home on my TV or on my phone or tablet. Dish Network's Sling TV is a similar service. I get just the content that I want, and pay for it either by subscription, or by individual rental or purchase. I can turn a streaming service or pay cable channel subscription on or off with a click. It's much more manageable, and lets me control my entertainment spending. I really don't mind paying for content if I'm only spending the money for what I want to watch (instead of a hundred channels I could care less about).  How is Wheeler's set-top box scheme addressing the question of choice, or helping improve my audience experience? Answer: not at all. Mr. Wheeler needs to stop spending so much time in the office talking to Google lobbyists and go home and binge-watch some TV on his grandkids' Roku box. That might give him a better understanding of why the FCC should just sit back with a box of popcorn, and let the current content market continue to evolve on its own. John Tarnoff is a Los Angeles-based university educator, career consultant and former entertainment executive, who in his prior life supervised movies including Diner, Pink Floyd The Wall, The Power of One and Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Ad tech company Rubicon Project has lost its CTO Business Insider The next iPhone camera could recognize faces and objects using AR CNET FCC actions suggest compliance with GOP request to cease rule changes Digital Trends U.S. FCC drops planned reform of business data services market Reuters Google disappointed by South Korean refusal on mapping data Associated Press Fitness Blogger Lets Her Belly Rolls Show, to the Delight of Fans Yahoo Beauty Insomniac Theater: 'Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them' and 'Manchester By The Sea' ABC News Videos Brian Austin Green Posts Adorable Photos of His Three Boys with Megan Fox Good Morning America Police fatally shoot Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minn. Yahoo News Photo Staff Friday Rewind: Election Protests ABC News Videos Baltimore teacher fired after racist rant at students Yahoo News Take A Look Inside Donald Trump’s $100 Million Penthouse Yahoo Celebrity Video Trump Transition Watch Yahoo News Syria’s children caught in the crossfire of civil war Yahoo News Photo Staff President Obama, Re-Assurer in Chief, Stops in Germany, Greece ABC News Videos Kaley Cuoco Makes No Apologies for Her Cosmetic Surgery Procedures Yahoo Beauty Trump rails against NYT for reporting on his transition ‘disarray’ mfrmorrobay: I'm so interested in how the stampeding hordes of Trump voters are going to act when they realize they were taken in by a lifelong con-man with a demonstrably psychopathic character! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 3.7k ‘This Is Us’ Star Chrissy Metz Talks Contractual Weight Loss: ‘I’m Not Selling Out the Big Girls’ Yahoo Celebrity Michael Flynn, Trump’s reported pick for national security adviser, sat in on intel briefings — while advising foreign clients Yahoo News Warplanes pound Aleppo – Dozens dead Yahoo News Photo Staff Family's Life with 650-Pound 'Wonder Pig' Turned Insta-Star ABC News Videos Panthers beat Saints but lose Luke Kuechly to possible concussion that left him sobbing Shutdown Corner Heartwarming Video Shows Polar Bear Petting Eskimo Dog in Canada Good Morning America Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon’s Divorce Settlement Has Some Unusual Terms Yahoo Celebrity Protesting the Dakota Access pipeline Yahoo News Photo Staff How Missing Indiana Man's Family Found him Alive 23 Years Later ABC News Videos Man Linked to Celebrity Jeweler Allegedly Murdered Partygoer at His N.Y.C. Apartment People Body of Connecticut Man who Vanished After Attending a NYC Party, Discovered in Shallow Grave People Yellen: I'm not stepping down until my term is done CNBC Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff Trump Meets With Former Enemies in Bid to Fill Cabinet Posts ABC News Videos Sanders says Trump should apologize for harsh campaign talk Yahoo News Jon Stewart: ‘Nobody asked Donald Trump what makes America great’ Yahoo News Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Technology Snapchat Spectacles debut: What did Snap learn from Google Glass? Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Scientists turn CO2 into rock – again Canada may get a national bird, but it's not who you think 'Duck Dynasty' may be coming to an end – but not its cultural dynamics Five Star Movement: Italy’s own brand of populism Snap Inc. CEO Evan Spiegel announced its new product - sunglasses with a camera - that aims to avoid the missteps Google took in launching its infamous Google Glass. By Zhai Yun Tan, Staff September 24, 2016 Save for later Saved About video ads Snap Inc. CEO Evan Spiegel announced the company's first hardware product called Spectacles, a pair of sunglasses with a built in camera that can record 10-second videos. View Caption About video ads View Caption of Google Glass was called “dorky: “not useful” and “disturbing to people around.” The tech giant’s failure to revolutionize high-tech eyewear left a gap in the field - one that Snapchat is trying to fill with its first hardware product. Announced on Friday to a small group of people, Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel revealed the product - called Spectacles - as a pair of sunglasses that has the ability to capture short videos from a first person perspective, reports The Wall Street Journal. The company is also renaming itself Snap Inc. to reflect its move away from only offering messaging services. While Snapchat officials say the camera glasses will only be available this fall in limited editions, it is apparent that the company has learned some lessons from Google Glass. The price, aesthetics, and simplicity of Spectacles are almost the opposite of the Google Glass approach. Recommended: The 20 most fascinating accidental inventions The goal for Spectacles was to create a way of capturing video without the hassle of holding a camera or phone and from a perspective that fully immerses the user, according to Spiegel who described in his experience testing a prototype in 2015. The 20 most fascinating accidental inventions Photos of the Day Photos of the Day 11/18 “It was our first vacation, and we went to Big Sur for a day or two. We were walking through the woods, stepping over logs, looking up at the beautiful trees. And when I got the footage back and watched it, I could see my own memory, through my own eyes – it was unbelievable,” Spiegel told The Wall Street Journal. “It’s one thing to see images of an experience you had, but it’s another thing to have an experience of the experience. It was the closest I’d ever come to feeling like I was there again.” Here’s how Spectacles camera works: A click on a button at the corner of the sunglasses will record up to 10 seconds of video. The camera has a wide-angle lens - similar to a fish-eye lens on GoPro cameras. The glasses connect wirelessly to a smartphone. When Google Glass was first pitched in 2012, the price point was $1,500 per pair. Spectacles will also have limited distribution in the beginning, but its price will be at a much lower $129.99, potentially easing the complaints many had about Google Glass’ exorbitant price that wasn’t worth the hype. One of the biggest criticisms about Google Glass was that it was an invasion of privacy. The glasses were  banned in some restaurants for potentially disturbing other people and users have reported being told by strangers to  take the glasses off when walking on the street. “I found that i t was not very useful for very much, and it tended to disturb people around me that I have this thing,” James Katz, the director of emerging media studies at Boston University’s College of Communication, told MIT Technology Review in 2014. Spectacles circumvent that by only recording 10 seconds of video at a time, and it being sunglasses, may limit its use indoors, which could decrease wariness of strangers about invasion of privacy. "Making them sunglasses helps hide the camera better, but it also limits the usage somewhat - you’ll need to be outside in daylight,” Carolina Milanesi, a consumer technology analyst from Creative Strategies, told the BBC. Milanesi also commented about the aesthetics of the device that could be “cooler” than Google Glasses. "If you look at the kinds of glasses millennials wear, the design is very ‘in’," she told BBC. Recode describes the product as “a f unny, laid-back play on designer sunglasses. They’re cheap enough to be an impulse purchase for many, or a reasonable gift.” Google Glass certainly tried to move its product into high fashion, as The Christian Science Monitor previously reported, but the efforts didn’t pan out. Another crucial misstep Google made that Snap Inc. avoided was the high-profile prototype of Google Glass. As a Google executive Astro Teller said in a South by Southwest keynote address last year, it was not a final product, but all the attention it received doomed the product in the public’s eyes. "The thing that we did not do well – that was closer to a failure – was that we allowed and sometimes even encouraged too much attention for the program,” Mr. Teller said, as reported by AdWeek.  "We could have done a better job communicating that and preventing it from becoming as loud of a conversation as it got," Spiegel, on the other hand, plans to start slow. He calls it a toy, something to be worn at barbecues or outdoor concerts maybe - in contrast to Google’s flashy launch with skydivers and bike jumpers using the technology. “We’re going to take a slow approach to rolling them out,” Spiegel told The Wall Street Journal. “It’s about us figuring out if it fits into people’s lives and seeing how they like it.” Next up The 20 most fascinating accidental inventions Who profits from video tweets? Twitter to share the wealth Facebook launches 'Lifestage' app for teens: Can they win back young people? Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 The Trump voters you don't know An end to Trump’s politics of anger? Passcode Worried about surveillance under Trump? Here's what to do The new face of the sanctuary movement: college campuses (+video) Focus For native Americans, pipeline sparks climate awakening Popular Now First Look Stephen Hawking says we have have 1,000 years to find a new home (+video) First Look Chelsea Clinton: Why she might run for Congress Iowa bill named 'Suck it up, Buttercup' seeks to stop student coddling Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules? The Trump voters you don't know   40 iPhone tips and tricks everyone should know   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Day 11/18 Latest News First Look 'Duck Dynasty' may be coming to an end – but not its cultural dynamics Doing Good Difference Maker This man will serve 2,000 free meals for Thanksgiving Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
  Foreign Affairs Defense Affairs Provincial News N. Korea Embassy Foreign Community Education Issue Today Airlines Video Obituary Country Report Multicultural Youth Award Korean Medical Pioneers Unsung Heroes Business Finance Stock Industry Meet The CEO Automotive Economic Essay Contest Rediscovering Korean History Briefs Mobile Science Game Life Arts & Museums Hallyu Fashion Book Entertainment Korean Masters Traditional Movie Music Performance Religion Weekender Around Town Translation Award Graphic News Football Baseball Golf Other Sports 2016 Rio Olympics Briefs Editorial Columnists Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Country Report Today's Topic PodCast Fri, November 18, 2016 | 23:13    Forgot password?|Register| Subscription 구독신청 | PDF |Site map        ENGLISH   l   KOREAN   /            Technology> Mobile> Posted : 2016-09-26 17:34 Updated : 2016-09-26 18:36 Google accused of allowing minors to access obscene apps By Kim Tae-gyu Google Korea allegedly allows minors to download obscene features like applications for adult shops, lewd pictures and violent games through its Google Play Store, Rep. Lee Eun-kwon of the ruling Saenuri Party said Monday. "Teenagers can download an adult shop application, which Google classified as suitable for 12 years and over. An application for pictures of gaudily dressed ladies is accessible even for three-year-olds," said the lawmaker "Applications for chatting with strangers, which have caused social malaise of late, are classified for aged12 and over." The random chat applications are reportedly being used as vehicles for crimes by young students such as prostitution, violence and even abductions. He also said that Google maintains its own five-level ratings scheme for game applications contrary to the country's official four-level system stipulated in the relevant law. High-school students are exposed to very violent adult-only material, Lee said. "Google seems to have failed to screen violent and obscene content," he said. "If the company does not comply with local regulations, it should be punished. We are asking Google to take more proactive measures to protect our adolescents." Lee also lashed out at the Ministry of Science, ICT and Future Planning and the Ministry of Culture, Tourism and Sports. The former is in charge of Korea's high-tech industry and the latter monitors online content. "The two ministries are supposed to keep an eye on Google Korea so that it would properly screen applications. But they simply do not do so and it is sheer dereliction of duty," Lee said. "During the Assembly inspection, we will ask the two ministries to inspect all applications available at Google Play Store no matter how long it takes." The annual inspection by the National Assembly starts this week and will continue to Oct. 15. Lee noted that the App Store for the iPhone appears to be clean. In response, Google Korea countered that the company obeys local regulations and that committees of related ministries have the authority to grant adult-only ratings while Google follows the decisions. "To ensure a positive user experience on Google Play Store, we comply with the local law for rating games, such as the Game Industry Promotion Act," a Google Korea official said. "Games classified for adults only by the Game Committee are classified the same on Google Play Store as well. The adults-only rating is given only by the Game Committee." voc200@gmail.com Ji Chang-wook says shooting action-pac... Hip-hop musician sings for President's... Pianist Cho Seong-jin becomes first cl... K-pop idols face the music of college ... Mesmerizing tourists without using a w... Film director Hong seeks divorce after... 1. Park will attend trilateral summit in Tokyo next month: Cheong Wa Dae 2. N. Korea strongly berates Seoul-Tokyo military pact 3. Trump to hold 'private meeting' with Abe 4. S. Koreans' overseas card spending rises 9% in Q3 5. South Koreans' quality of life hurt by economic slowdown, intense labor 6. Number of would-be job seekers on increase, adding to unemployment rate 7. Democratic Party leader proposes talks with Park 1. Does South Korean President have 'teenage' mentality? 2. South Korea's rising butt of mockery: President 3. 'Trump may meet N. Korean leader soon' 4. Did Park order 'attack' on critical media? 5. Park's fierce political enemy backed for top probe job 6. Is South Korean President considering martial law? 7. Beware: Everything you write on social media about President is under scrutiny 8. 50% of Koreans consider marriage 'necessary' 9. Trump's victory puts gov't in dilemma over Google map data 10. Park determined to fight to hold on to power | Cincinnati Bengals Dre Kirkpatrick, left, tackles New York Giants Ra... A relative of a Sewol ferry victim holds a one-person protest agains... An LG Electronics employee promotes the company’s organic ligh... Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEPCO) employees pose after partic... Hanwha Group Chairman Kim Seung-youn, right, shakes hands with Gover... Models in costume promote LG Electronics’ game-optimized devic... An officer of the United States Forces Korea tastes kimchi while mak... Cho Won-dong, former senior secretary for economic affairs for Presi... Rep, Ahn Cheol-soo, left, a former leader of the second-largest oppo... Britain’s Andy Murray celebrates winning a point during the&nb... A visitor tries out an autonomous vehicle with an advanced head-up d... Models promote that Korean pork goes well with kimchi, the country&r... About Times | Times History | Privacy Statement (개인정보 취급방침) | Contents Distribution | Media Kit | Contact Us | Location | Ombudsman | NIETimes      
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Technology First Look Lessons from the latest Google self-driving car crash Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Scientists turn CO2 into rock – again Canada may get a national bird, but it's not who you think 'Duck Dynasty' may be coming to an end – but not its cultural dynamics Five Star Movement: Italy’s own brand of populism After a van ran a red light and hit an autonomous Google car, some are wondering if the two types of vehicles are ready to coexist. By Amanda Hoover, Staff September 26, 2016 Save for later Saved A Google self-driving car goes on a test drive near the in Mountain View, Calif., in 2014. Eric Risberg/AP/File View Caption About video ads View Caption of A collision involving a self-driven Google car and a human-operated vehicle that occurred late last week has raised the question of how well human and computer drivers can share the road. On Friday, a Lexus guided by Google's autonomous driving system entered an intersection in Mountain View, Calif., when it was hit from the side by a van running a red light. While no injuries were reported, those present have deemed it the worst crash involving an autonomous Google car yet. "Human error plays a role in 94 percent of these crashes, which is why we're developing fully self-driving technology to make our roads safer," a Google spokesperson told ABC News in San Francisco. Recommended: How much do you know about the auto industry's future? This isn't the first high-profile crash involving a self-driving vehicle. Earlier this year, two Tesla semi-autonomous cars were involved in crashes, one of which proved fatal. In those incidents, system blindspots and failures that could potentially be remedied by further innovation led to the crash. In the Google crash, however, human error on the part of the other driver led to the collision, leading many to question how safe vehicles driven by computers can be when they're sharing the road with less-efficient human drivers who are more likely to take risks and violate traffic laws. Test your knowledge How much do you know about the auto industry's future? Photos of the Day Photos of the Day 11/18 Both officials and manufacturers have responded to uncertainties surrounding the technology by increasing innovation and regulations around the technology. Tesla has expanded safety features on its vehicles, including an improvement earlier this month that allows a car to use radar in addition to cameras to navigate itself, and last week the federal government rolled out a list of 15 benchmarks the cars must meet before hitting the streets. But other safety concerns remain outside of those areas, including the role that human error still plays in crashes.   In Friday's California crash, the Google vehicle waited six seconds after the light had turned green before proceeding into the intersection. Despite the damage the van inflicted on the car's passenger side door, neither of the two Google employees in the car sustained serious injuries. Of some two dozen crashes involving Google cars in the past several years, only one occurred because of a system error, Google officials have said, and many involved a distracted driver rear-ending one of the Google vehicles.   While the computer-operated vehicles may have a better track record, they'll still have to share the road with less than perfect human drivers. Experts estimate that replacing all vehicles with autonomous ones could take until 2060, and until then, plenty of errors can be expected from humans behind the wheel. "The clear theme is human error and inattention," Chris Urmson, the former head of Google's self-driving program, wrote in a blogpost last year. "We'll take all this as a signal that we're starting to compare favorably with human drivers. Our self-driving cars can pay attention to hundreds of objects at once, 360 degrees in all directions, and they never get tired, irritable or distracted." Next up Test your knowledge How much do you know about the auto industry's future? Inventions that were going to change the world – but didn’t Lyft president says car ownership will 'all but end' by 2025. Why so soon? (+video) Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 The Trump voters you don't know An end to Trump’s politics of anger? Passcode Worried about surveillance under Trump? Here's what to do The new face of the sanctuary movement: college campuses (+video) Focus For native Americans, pipeline sparks climate awakening Popular Now First Look Stephen Hawking says we have have 1,000 years to find a new home (+video) First Look Chelsea Clinton: Why she might run for Congress Iowa bill named 'Suck it up, Buttercup' seeks to stop student coddling Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules? The Trump voters you don't know   40 iPhone tips and tricks everyone should know   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Day 11/18 Latest News First Look 'Duck Dynasty' may be coming to an end – but not its cultural dynamics Doing Good Difference Maker This man will serve 2,000 free meals for Thanksgiving Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot November 18, 2016 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Guide to Google ranking factors – Part 4: content freshness Content SEO 26 Sep 16 | Christopher Ratcliff Facebook0 Linkedin127 Google+29 Twitter 156 Last week we published the third instalment of our complete guide to Google ranking factors. It concentrated on the rather nebulous term ‘quality content’ and the practical signals you can provide Google to prove the text on your webpage is worthwhile. This week we continue diving into on-page content factors, with content freshness. Freshness How recently your webpage was published is a ranking signal. However different searches have different freshness needs. (Source: Google Inside search post) Google checks content for freshness by monitoring the following types of searches… Recent events or hot topics: Anything that begins trending on the web, that searchers want to find the latest information on immediately. Regularly recurring events: These are events that take place on a regular basis, such as annual conferences or presidential elections. Without a specific qualifier, you probably expect to see information on the most recent event, and not one from years ago. Frequent updates: These are searches for information that changes often, but isn’t a recent or regularly occurring event. These tend to be searches for frequently updated tech products or car brands. Google will then check for spikes around search volume, whether news publishers and blogs have begun writing about the subject as well as social media mentions. So if your content manages to ride the crest of the above, you may see a rankings boost for being first on the scene, or by regularly updating your content to remain fresh. Moz recently looked at whether content freshness is a factor and went into further detail on all the possible ways Google determines content freshness. The following insights come from Moz’s research by Cyrus Shepard, so click on the link for more information. 1) Freshness by inception date A web page can be given an immediate freshness score based on its publication date, which decays over time as the content becomes older. 2) Regular updates to content Google scores ‘fresh content’ that’s updated regularly in a different way to a news article that doesn’t change. 3) Changes to a webpage’s core content matters more than other areas Changes made in the main body of the article are far more important than other areas, such as Javascript, comments, navigation, etc. 4) How often the content changes Content that changes more often is scored differently than content that only changes every few years. 5) New page creation Websites or blogs that publish new webpages more frequently will earn a higher freshness score than those who only publish once in a while. 6) Rate of new link growth may signal freshness If a webpage sees has an increase in the number of external sites linking to it, this could be seen as a sign of relevance to Google. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin127 Google+29 Twitter 156 Related articles Product reviewing: how to utilise digital influencers How speed affects your site's performance [infographic] Five tools to help you build a content-focused SEO campaign Nine mobile trends to help you stand out in 2017 and beyond 7) Links from sites rated ‘fresh’ will pass freshness on to you Links from sites determined to have a high freshness score can raise your own freshness level. 8) Traffic and engagement metrics may signal freshness Standard engagement behaviours on SERP results, such as click-throughs and time on page, can be an indicator of freshness and relevance. 9) Changes in anchor text pointing towards your site may devalue older links If your website or webpage suddenly or gradually changes focus over time (say from a carpentry guide to a best practice SEO guide – sounds unlikely, but you never know), then anchor text pointing to you will likely change in line with the different topic. Google may then decide that your page has changed so much that the old anchor text is no longer fresh and devalue those older links. 10) Older is often better The newest result isn’t always the best. For older, less news-worthy topics, an in-depth, authoritative result that’s been around a long while may rank highest. Google News 11) Of course you can ensure that Google recognises that your content is fresh, and may immediately place you on the first SERP in its News section (or Top Stories on mobile), if you have successfully submitted your site to Google News. You can check the guidelines for Google News submission here. Other instalments in our Google ranking factor guide: Part 7: Site-level signals Part 6: trust signals, authority and expertise. Part 5: duplicate content and syndication. Part 3: quality content. Part 2: keyword relevancy, frequency and Latent Semantic Indexing (LSI). Part 1: on-page signals such as title tags, H1 tags and meta descriptions. Christopher Ratcliff is the editor of Search Engine Watch.You can follow him on Twitter: @Christophe_Rock Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Related reading Google’s mobile-first index: how to prepare your business The important news that we have all been waiting for, Google has finally announced mobile-first indexing. Mobile SEO 14 Nov 16 | Amanda DiSilvestro How Black Friday can lead to valuable organic search opportunities Black Friday can be a great commercial opportunity for brands, but how can you create a successful strategy for the big day? PPC SEO 11 Nov 16 | Tereza Litsa Guide to 301 redirects and canonical tags When you need to redirect a website or individual webpage to a different location, there are a number of different tactics you can employ. SEO 10 Nov 16 | Christopher Ratcliff Eight content marketing trends to think about in 2017 It's time to plan the year ahead, so how about starting with a look at the content marketing trends that will make 2017 easier and more effective? Content 09 Nov 16 | Tereza Litsa Tags content | Content freshness | Google | Google News | ranking signals Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Email Address Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Google’s mobile-first index: how to prepare your business The important news that we have all been waiting for, Google has finally announced mobile-first indexing. How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL editorial@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2016/09/26/guide-to-google-ranking-signals-part-4-content-freshness/ Send × Want to stay on top of content marketing trends? Get top insights and news from our content marketing experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
null
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (95) Post your comment Google Pixel shows up in new renders 26 September 2016 Google has a pair of devices on the way and after an avalanche of conflicting rumors, we can safely say that these will come courtesy of HTC, bear the Pixel and Pixel XL monikers (no Nexus branding) and likely arrive on October 4. Completed by HTC, and approved by Google #madebygoogle pic.twitter.com/KHZa5RSvPM Haniff 🐦 (@iamaniff) September 26, 2016 We also have a pretty good concept of the design of the pair, mostly thanks to a recent set of live photos, offering a side-by side comparison. Of course, there are many renders to go by as well, but today brings some of the clearest to date. The pictures in question definitely show a Pixel device, but it is hard to tell whether it is the 5-inch or the 5.5-inch one. Regardless, if the aforementioned live images are to be believed, the two should have an identical design. That being said, the new leak offers a clear view of the antenna lines on the back and extending to the sides. The new single "G" branding on the back is also clearly visible and so is the primary control placement, including the buttons on the side and the round fingerprint reader. It is interesting to note that the lower half of the back is wrapped in metal, while there's a different color glass or plastic on the top. While not necessarily universally appealing, it is a unique design for sure. Source | Via Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google could be testing Andromeda (Android + Chrome OS) on the Nexus 9 +5,173 Quentyn Kennemer Sep 26th, 2016 It’s long been rumored that Google is working on a hybrid OS that’ll see Android and Chrome combine to become a super mobile OS, and it seems we’re barrelling toward a revelation by the company. After teasing that we may here about their first efforts with Andromeda on October 4th, evidence shows that the company is already testing the OS on existing devices. References to Nexus 9 testing in AOSP’s code suggests Google is testing Andromeda on the tablet. There’s no telling whether Google would look to make Andromeda available for older devices or if they’re simply using the Nexus 9 as a test vehicle until they can get the first prototypical champion device in production. If you’re not aware, Andromeda’s goal will be to provide a more PC-like user experience for tablet and 2-in-1 devices that are becoming increasingly popular. We’re still not exactly sure what Google will emphasize in that regard, but we’re assuming a desktop system with multiple windows and superior multi-tasking capabilities are at least in order. Beyond that, what Google would need to combine Android and Chrome to achieve that is beyond us, especially considering third-party companies are already forking existing versions of Android to create desktop-like experiences. Will this simply be Google’s own-built Remix OS with official Google Play support, or can we expect something truly revolutionary? That’s a question we’re hoping Google is looking to answer once October 4th hits. [via 9to5Google] local_offer    Android   andromeda   Chrome OS   Google   HTC   Nexus 9   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (3) stars Further Reading New Google Live Cases available Google accounts suspended for reselling Pixel phones OnePlus 3T charging proves solid Allo gets themes, emoji suggestions, and more New Andromeda rumors stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 3 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 4 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 5 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 6 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 7 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 8 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 9 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 10 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Google takes on Apple with its #madebyGoogle campaign Google takes on Apple with its #madebyGoogle campaign Pixel and Pixel XL will the first Google-made smartphones and the company is leaving no stone unturned for the campaign. By: Tech Desk | Published:September 26, 2016 5:25 pm Pixel and Pixel XL will the first Google-made smartphones and the company is leaving no stone unturned for the campaign. Google, ahead of the launch of its Pixel smartphones on October 4, has started an aggressive advertising campaign. The search giant has put up hoardings, billboards and installations in major cities across the world which include Australia, New York, Germany and more. The advertisements have familiar rectangular outline of a smartphone with curved edges and hashtag #madebyGoogle written below. Plus, Google’s website for its Pixel and Pixel XL smartphone with the URL – madeby.google.com – has gone live. With its #madebyGoogle campaign, the company is ready to take on the Apple iPhone 7 series launched on September 7. We already know that Google has dropped Nexus branding for its new smartphones. Now, Google has made it clear that at least the hardware will be made by the company. Google is showing off the camera prowess of its Pixel smartphones on its new site, where different pictures (supposedly clicked with Pixel devices) are being flashed inside rectangular phone-shaped box. Pixel and Pixel XL will the first Google-made smartphones and the company is leaving no stone unturned for the campaign. Google had earlier said its new smartphones will compete with high-end flagships like Samsung Galaxy S7 series, LG G5 and of course Apple iPhone 7. While details of Google’s new smartphones are unknown, we can expect something on the same lines. Pixel XL is said to be the flagship of the two Google smartphones and will come with a bigger 5.5-inch Quad HD AMOLED display. Google Pixel, on the other hand, will feature a 5-inch display. The smartphones will run the latest Android 7.1 Nougat OS. Reports suggest Google is changing the search bar for its Pixel smartphones into a Google button just like the one on company’s Gboard iOS keyboard. However, recent reports claim Pixel devices will bear a lower IP53 water and dust resistance rating. This is going to be bit of a letdown for users, especially because iPhone 7 and Samsung S7 series come with  a higher IP67 rating. We will have to wait and watch if this is true. England 103/5 At Stumps On Day 2, Trailing India By 352 Runs Bigg Boss 10 November 17 Review: Swami Om Apologized From Mona Lisa Parliament Adjourned Amid Debate Over Demonetisation Issue Demonetisation: Select Petrol Pumps To Dispense Cash Up To Rs 2,000 Demonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate WorkersDemonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate Workers Miscreants Break Into SBI ATM In Odisha’s Nabarangpur District: Here’s What Happened Audience Reaction : John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha Starrer Force 2 Gets A Thumbs Up Here’s What Supreme Court Said On Government’s Demonetisation Move Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Rules Out Roll Back Of Demonetisation Move West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal Protest Against Demonetisation Government Issues Fresh Guidelines On Withdrawal Norms: All You Need To Know Mamata Banerjee Demand Roll-back Of Demonetisation Within Three Days If Mulayam Singh’s Trust Is With Ram Gopal, I Am Also With Him: Amar Singh SYL Row: Amrinder Singh Seeks President’s Rule In Punjab Uproar In Parliament Over Demonetisation Debate: Here’s What Happened Check out what users are posting on #madebyGoogle campaign: Quite the Google ad blitz on this one. Hope it’s worth the hype. pic.twitter.com/zyf6MXDDit — John P. Falcone (@falconejp) September 21, 2016 Google’s always one step ahead ☺️💪 #madebygoogle #pixel #unimelb @googledownunder @Ausdroid pic.twitter.com/Chh81uS6l2 — Anik (@Anik96ii) September 22, 2016 #MadeByGoogle seems to be taking off around the world. It’s nice to see this level of… http://t.co/FUXfS0Zyxe pic.twitter.com/w2CbOBzYTG — Derek Ross (@derekmross) September 22, 2016 What’s this then eh @googledownunder? pic.twitter.com/vMU2ktl6Ft — Campbell Simpson (@csimps0n) September 20, 2016 So this was in NYC this morning. Google really is going all in.#madebygoogle pic.twitter.com/muiX2h5ptv — Edoardo Maggio (@northead) September 20, 2016 In a separate set of leaks, a Nest commercial in Netherlands might have given away the first look of Google’s Pixel smartphone. The smartphone is seen to have a glass and aluminium design, in white colour variant.  The rear bottom section of Pixel is aluminium and the rest of it has white glass panel. But Google has officially not given any clues in terms of design. Google’s teaser simply shows a search box taking shape of s smartphone at the end of the YouTube video. Read: Google Pixel smartphones will be water-resistant, but with a lower-rating: Report According to rumours, Pixel XL will run Snapdragon 821 processor coupled with 4GB RAM and 128GB storage space. Google’s Pixel is said to be powered by Snapdragon 820 processor with Adreno 530 chipset. It will come with 4GB RAM and 32GB internal memory. A GFXBenchmark report hints at an 11MP rear camera and 7MP front camera in Pixel smartphone. The primary camera will support 4K video recording. If rumours are anything to be believed, Google is also planning to announce a 4K Chromecast, and the Google Home speaker at the October 4 event. Google Home Speaker was first showcased at the company’s annual I/O conference. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaDemonetisation: Misuse of bank account for black money deposit to invite govt action IndiaLong queues outside banks a ‘serious issue’, says SC on demonetisation BusinessUse indelible ink in banks keeping in mind upcoming bypolls: EC writes to Finance Ministry IndiaNavy rubbishes Pak Navy claim that it stopped Indian submarine from entering waters BusinessDemonetisation live updates: This is a required surgery done for a better India, says Venkaiah Naidu EntertainmentForce 2 movie review: John Abraham, Sonakshi Sinha film is Bond-Bourne rehash EntertainmentChris Martin parties with Shah Rukh Khan, Sussanne Khan and Sridevi's daughters, see inside pics EntertainmentIt's November 18, Salman Khan's wedding day, see pics EntertainmentIulia Vantur reveals what she had to sacrifice to live in India. Was it for Salman Khan? Must Read SportsIndia break England's back, take charge in Vizag SportsSaha 'does a MS Dhoni' with a brilliant run-out SportsDon't know why pitch jibes come back at us: Ashwin TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Finally out of beta, but far from perfect TechnologyMeizu Pro 7 leaked images hint at a bezel-less design as well TechnologySnapchat's Snap Inc files for IPO: Spectacles to Lenses, top things to note  Happy 88th birthday, Mickey Mouse: 11 things you probably didn't know about our favourite Disney mouse Nov 18: Latest News Publication of daily papers halted in Imphal German teen accused of copy editing Islamic State propaganda Sen. Jeff Sessions, Rep. Mike Pompeo picked by Donald Trump for top jobs Arvind Kejriwal to address 21 rallies in Punjab Haryana to re-engage retired teachers in schools                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Snapchat takes digital narcissism to a new level Written by Jamie Davies 26 September 2016 @ 12:08 Snapchat has announced the rebrand of the company to Snap as well as a new product launch Spectacles that promise to facilitate social media exhibitionism like never before. The rebrand is relatively simple. The company was built around the Snapchat app which was its only product at the time, what else would you name it? Now the team have stories, memories, sponsored channels, filters and now spectacles. The move is an attempt to show Snap is more than Snapchat – makes sense. The second announcement made was the launch of Google Glass 2.0 Spectacles. While there are similarities between Snapchat’s Spectacles and Google’s previous abortive attempt, there is one significant difference which gives these a better chance at cracking the market: Google charged $1500, Snapchat will be charging $130. Looking back, you really have to ask what planet the Googlers were on when the $1500 price tag was agreed. The sunglasses will come in three different colours featuring a camera built into the upper corners of the frames. By tapping a button once, a ten second video will be captured by the glasses and stored locally until the user connects to a smartphone, over wifi for Android and Bluetooth for iOS. While it sounds similar to Google Glass, however the price point takes the product into a substantially larger market of younger and more tech savvy consumers. The move does also demonstrate the messaging segment is hotting up. With Twitter reportedly on the verge of an acquisition, LinkedIn still reeling after being the subject of a $26 billion purchase and WhatsApp changing its T&C’s to reflect a more commercial proposition, the question remains as to where Snapchat fits into the space. The fascination of adding bunny ears to a picture of yourself has not stimulated your correspondent’s interest to date, but that is not to say other twenty to thirty somethings have not be captured by the craze; the popularity of app for specific demographics is not under scrutiny. One question mark may be around the commercial viability of the platform. The Microsoft acquisition of LinkedIn would appear to be a move to build its presence as the Mega-vendor for the world of enterprise IT. WhatsApp is now sharing data with parent company Facebook to improve the effectiveness of its contextual advertising platform. There also seem to be pockets of potential for Twitter in the world of contextual advertising, but what about Snapchat? Currently revenues are driven through sponsored filters and sponsored channels. The move out into the world of technology hardware will certainly add another element, but there will have to be considerable momentum for Snapchat to move into the same league as Facebook/WhatsApp, LinkedIn and Twitter. The move will also put Snapchat into the same market as Go Pro and other action cameras who have spent years establishing themselves. Spectacles provides a direct link to the Snapchat app once hooked up to the users phone, which is an advantage, though 30 seconds is the longest video which can be taken before the user has to click the start button again, which could be seen by some as a disadvantage. The long-term success of Snap will rely on two things. Firstly, the team will have to improve the commercial viability of the organization, and start making some serious cash. To compete in the potential lucrative messaging segment, innovation will be key and without pumping the R&D team with cash, innovation with be very unlikely. Secondly, the user base will have to continue to use Snapchat. In your correspondents opinion, the offering will have to mature slightly (offering more than bunny ear additions) to keep users in the long-run. Snap will not be able to compete for advertisers in the messaging segment if it is losing users once they get into their 30’s – traditionally the demographic which is the sweet spot for many advertisers. The move to rebrand the company to Snap implies there are going to be future product launches and diversification, and the sooner the better. The messaging segment is moving very quickly, and the Snap team will need to up the pace to keep up with the internet giants of social media. Tags: featured, mobile messaging, Mobile Video, Snapchat, social media Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content Six million Three customers at risk following hack Twitter accidentally promotes neo-Nazi message UK passes Orwellian Snooper's Charter It’s all getting a bit sticky for Facebook and WhatsApp Webinars View all Progress Report: Where are the CSPs with the Digital Service Provider transformation? 15 November 2016 White Papers View all The African Market Outlook 2016 Share 3 days ago Multi-billion dollar market opportunities may be lost unless Next Generation Broadband meets Seven Key Challenges Share 3 days ago Telecoms.com eBook: AI in CEM – the opportunity for telcos Share 8 days ago Events View all Internet of Things World 21-22 November 2016 View Event Japan Internet Week 2016 29 November - 02 December 2016 View Event Carrier Network Virtualization 06-08 December 2016 View Event Polls View all Which cloud provider has impressed you most over the last six months? AWS Microsoft Azure Google Cloud IBM Other  Loading ... Twitter View all #Salesforce summer spending spree succeeds https://t.co/TzD487yXu0 #cloud #acquisitions #artificialintelligence 18 November 2016 @ 13:40:02 UTC #LTE isn't good enough for critical communications yet hhttps://t.co/TtmJiwaJY6##broadband##mobilebroadband 18 November 2016 @ 12:35:54 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2016. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: I’ve come to terms with the fact that it’s the end of the line for upgradable MacBooks Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple Best USB-C cables and dongles for the new 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will all the adaptors really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] September 26 AAPL: 112.88 0.17 Apple’s lack of lobbying presence in Europe left it in dark over tax investigation for two years – WSJ Ben Lovejoy - 2 months ago @benlovejoy AAPL Ireland Tax View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple’s lack of lobbying presence in Europe left in largely in the dark about the long-running investigation into its Irish tax arrangements, argues the WSJ. It has been ruled that Apple underpaid tax in Europe to the tune of €13B ($15B). The iPhone maker spent less than €900,000 ($1M) in 2015 to lobby the EU institutions and doesn’t employ any full-time lobbyists here [and] was unsuccessful in gathering information over the last two years from the commission about the evolving theory the EU was resting its case on, said people familiar with the matter. The piece contrasts this with Google, which spent ‘at least’ €4.25M ($4.8M) in the same timeframe. Google says that the money has been spent trying to help Brussels understand what the company does and how it works. European politicians have many questions for Google and about the internet [and] we’re working hard to answer those questions. However, others are skeptical that a lobbying effort would have made any difference. A source close to the EC said that in the end it just comes down to the facts, and others agreed. People familiar with the directorate say there is limited leeway for influencing the outcome of any competition investigation. The regulator can’t stray too far from previous case law in its decisions to ensure the ruling is upheld in court when the companies inevitably appeal it. It’s notable, too, that Google has been the subject of both antitrust and tax investigations in Europe, despite its lobbying efforts. We are still awaiting publication of the report detailing the basis for the €14B tax claim, likely delayed as Apple is given the opportunity to redact commercially-sensitive information. So far we’ve been hearing very different perspectives on different sides of the debate, with tax advisors describing Apple’s tax deal as ‘brazen‘ and Tim Cook calling it ‘political crap.’ There is a noticeable split between European and US viewpoints. Guides AAPL Get the latest AAPL stock and company news View THe Guide Ireland View THe Guide Tax View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
null
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search The Hacker Candidate: Trump Is a One-Man DDoS Attack on the Media By Simon Dumenco - 53 minutes ago Array 0 Business Insider Testing a Reader Paywall, and an Ad-Blocking Response By Jeremy Barr - 53 minutes ago Array 0 Enduring Brands: A Matter of Perspectives By Doug Molnar, VP-Senior Director of Planning, Catapult - 1 hour ago Array 0 IAB Overhauls Ad Guidelines to Encompass Proliferating Screen Shapes, VR, Vertical Video By George Slefo - 1 hour ago Array 0 Ad Blocking Still Increasing Even as Some Consumers Say Ads Are Improving By George Slefo - 1 hour ago Array 0 In an Ad Blocking Battle, Whose Side Is Google On? By George Slefo - 3 hours ago 0 Meet Ad Age's 2016 Media Mavens 3 hours ago 0 Beer Wars Heat Up as Miller Lite Calls Out Bud Light By Name in Ads By E.J. Schultz - 13 hours ago 0 'Choose the Next Driver Wisely': See Audi's Action-Packed Debate Ad By E.J. Schultz - 12 hours ago 0 Enduring Brands: A Matter of Perspectives By Doug Molnar, VP-Senior Director of Planning, Catapult - 1 hour ago 0 In Debate Ad, Tecate Turns Trump's Wall Into a Beer Prop By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Beer Wars Heat Up as Miller Lite Calls Out Bud Light By Name in Ads By E.J. Schultz - 12 hours ago 0 What You Need to Know About Social Media in Nine Easy Charts - 33 minutes ago 0 'Choose the Next Driver Wisely': See Audi's Action-Packed Debate Ad By E.J. Schultz - 12 hours ago 0 In an Ad Blocking Battle, Whose Side Is Google On? By George Slefo - 3 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US In an Ad Blocking Battle, Whose Side Is Google On? By George Slefo. Published on September 26, 2016. Reprints Reprints Most Popular Ad blocking looks increasingly like the marketing industry's forever war, with plenty of damage done but little resolved. Publishers are experimenting with keeping out visitors who run ad blocking software, for example, only to see their tech inadvertently turn away "innocent" people. The makers of Adblock Plus initially fought Facebook's countermeasures by wiping out not just ads, but other posts too. And now even Adblock Plus wants to sell ads, news that only deepened the cynicism among its users. But along with the intrusive pop-ups and tracking cookies that drive people to block ads, the web is marked by an unusual concentration of power at just two companies: Google and Facebook. Many participants in the internet economy are nervous about the duopoly's ability to set the terms online. Now what they—especially Google—do next could potentially steer the outcome of this conflict for better or for worse. Adblock Plus has actually had a good thing going with Google until now, charging it and other major players to participate in its Acceptable Ads program. Adblock Plus, a for-profit enterprise, says it takes a 30% cut for letting those ads through. (Smaller publishers take part for free.) Although it's unclear how much money Google is kicking in, it's bound to be covering a big chunk of the bills for Eyeo, the maker of Adblock Plus. Then earlier this month, Adblock Plus bungled the announcement of its plan to create its own ad exchange through a partnership with a company called ComboTag. Dubbed the Acceptable Ads Platform, initial reports said Google and AppNexus would supply ads to it, news that left marketers with their mouths open. "This launch was riddled with hyperbole," said Brian Kane, co-founder and chief operating officer at Sourcepoint, a company that helps publishers figure out how to counter ad blockers. "It was surprising that they would name AppNexus and Google as partners, but the truth is AppNexus and Google did have a relationship with ComboTag. If they hadn't gone public with it, my guess is AppNexus and Google would have continued to do business with ComboTag." As it happened, AppNexus cut ties with both ComboTag and Adblock Plus, adding that it holds the existing Acceptable Ads toll booths "in low regard." Google distanced itself too, saying it was parting ways with ComboTag and wouldn't have anything to do with an Adblock Plus ad exchange. "It's an uncomfortable development for us," Sridhar Ramaswamy, senior VP of ads and commerce at Google, told a gaggle of reporters at the Dmexco conference in Cologne, Germany. "We have no involvement in their program and this is not a business we want to be part of." But the debacle drew attention to the involvement Google does have with Adblock Plus. In fact, Google is likely Adblock Plus' largest, most lucrative customer. Paying Eyeo allows Google's keyword search ads to survive the filters of Adblock Plus, one of the most popular ad blocking systems available. The sums involved are not small. EMarketer estimates Google will capture $47.57 billion in search ad revenue in 2016, representing 55% of the search ad market worldwide. The web's other great power, Facebook, has been less amenable to ad blockers' agenda. The social media powerhouse has lately been trying to foil Adblock Plus by making it hard for the software to tell ads apart from the rest of its content. It took the opportunity to call out the pay-for-passage system that keeps Eyeo running. "Some ad blocking companies accept money in exchange for showing ads that they previously blocked—a practice that is at best confusing to people and that reduces the funding needed to support the journalism and other free services we enjoy on the web," Andrew Bosworth, VP of ads and business platforms at Facebook, wrote in a blog post. "Rather than paying ad blocking companies to unblock the ads we show—as some of these companies have invited us to do in the past—we're putting control in people's hands with our updated ad preferences and our other advertising controls," he added. The fight soon became half arms race, half PR battle, with Adblock Plus quickly announcing a workaround and Facebook retorting that the "fix" erased users' content along with ads. Facebook seems to have gotten the better of the ad blockers for now, but that's not likely to be the end of it. "This is not the way we think is the most constructive because Facebook's approach critically leaves out one group and that's the user," said Adblock Plus spokesman Ben Williams. Meanwhile, just days after Adblock Plus kicked the hornet's nest anew with its ad-selling scheme, Google came out to say it had teamed with Procter & Gamble, Unilever, The Washington Post, the 4A's agency association and others to form the Coalition for Better Ads. Its collective goal is to monitor the quality of ads with a system now in development at the Interactive Advertising Bureau's Tech Lab. Only ads that make it through the coalition's filter will appear on the websites of participating companies. If Google and others decide that they've cleaned up web advertising enough, will the temptation grow to quit paying into Adblock Plus and its Acceptable Ads? With neither Facebook's nor Google's financial support, funding for Adblock Plus would look very different, to say the least. Eyeo's business model has separately come under increased legal scrutiny in the company's homeland of Germany. In June, Cologne's higher court sided with Axel Springer, saying that Adblock Plus can obstruct ads, but can't charge the publishing giant to let its ads appear. Mr. Williams said potential pressure on Acceptable Ads revenue was not a main motivation for the plan to sell ads, and that losing one paying partner, even Google, wouldn't be devastating. "I would not classify this as a 'let's prepare' type of thing," he said. "That wasn't part of the decision-making process at all." "I want to be really clear," Mr. Williams added. "We are a company. We're not a nonprofit and we're not trying to be. So of course profit is one of our motivations. And I think that gets lost in the discussion. We have to pay our employees and I'm not sorry about that. But at the end of the day, I do think it is possible to do something that is beneficial and can serve a greater good, but that also makes money." In this article: Ad Blocking Ad Tech Digital Online Publishing Search Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
null
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google to announce a Wi-Fi router, new 4K Chromecast Ultra By R Padla - September 26, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Google already has the OnHub but the company will never be content with its products and services. It’s always changing and innovating which is actually a good thing for the consumers because there are more choices available. When it comes to providing Internet connection, the company has the Google Fiber and Project Fi for mobile. When it comes to Internet inside the home, the OnHub router is one solution. It rivals Amazon’s Echo and Echo Dot when it comes to providing smart control and voice assistance. There’s nothing official yet but the search giant is rumored to be introducing a Wi-Fi router aptly named as Google WiFi. If and when the story is true, it will be the first ever Google-branded router. Since two new Google Pixel phones are expected to arrive, there’s also the idea the router will be announced together with the two plus a new 4K Chromecast variant–also a rumor. We’re looking at October 4 as the official launch since Google usually makes a special announcement around this month. We’re curious to know how the company is making this extra-ordinary but we heard the router will be “smart”. That could mean the router will be like the OnHub in some ways. According to the source, the router can enhance WiFi range by allowing two or more Google Wifi access points to be linked together. The result is a bigger wireless network for more people to use. While Google Home is an Amazon Echo rival, this one is said to compete with the newer Amazon Echo Dot. The Google WiFi is believed to have a $129 price tag. There’s also information that Google is launching another Chromecast. This time, it will be a premium version with its 4K streaming capabilities. Unlike the previous Chromecast models, this one will be a bit expensive at $69. You can say that’s affordable but way pricier than the original and 2nd-gen versions–about twice the price. VIA: Android Police (1),(2) Story Timeline Google's OnHub Router now supports IFTTT Google Home takes on the Amazon Echo and Alexa OnHub router hits one year mark, now works with Philips Hue Lighting TAGS Android Google Google Home router WiFi Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,413FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,474FollowersFollow 59,555SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Google expected to announce Andromeda Android-Chrome OS on October 4 Google was rumored to be working on a new OS which will be a merger of Android and Chrome. Now a new report claims that the company will unveil Andromeda, a hybrid OS along with the new Pixel devices next month. The Wall Street Journal had reported in October last year Google is planning to fold Chrome OS into Android by 2017 and give an early peek of the new hybrid OS by 2016. Hiroshi Lockheimer, senior vice president of Android, Chrome OS, and Google Play at Google has shared a tweet with suggests that major changes could come to Android OS and all of this will be shared on October 4. The new OS which will be a result of merging Android-Chrome is being code-named internally as Andromeda. 9to5Google has spotted references about the same within the Android 7.0 Nougat AOSP and apparently Google is testing it on Nexus 9. It will be interesting to see what Google plans to offer with Andromeda. We will have to wait till October 4th for the same. Earlier this year Google announced that it will bring Android apps and Google Play Store to Chromebooks. We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today. I have a feeling 8 years from now we'll be talking about Oct 4, 2016.— Hiroshi Lockheimer (@lockheimer) September 24, 2016 1, 2 "Google expected to announce Andromeda Android-Chrome OS on October 4", 5 out of 5 based on 22 ratings. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on September 26, 2016September 26, 2016Categories Android, Google Post navigation Previous Previous post: Mitashi 55-inch and 65-inch 4K Ultra HD Smart TVs launched starting at Rs. 67990 Next Next post: Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 sales cross 2.3 million units in India Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Apple could integrate Augmented Reality technology into iPhone camera app Reliance Jio starts testing doorstep SIM card delivery through pilot program Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano surfaces, Apple exploring iPhone production in the US and more – FoneArena Daily YouTube Kids improves parental controls with ability to block videos and channels Apple launches repair program for iPhone 6 Plus’ multi-touch issue RCom’s RGC India app for international calls launched, call rates start from Rs. 1.4 per minute CyanogenMod 14.1 nightly builds now available for OnePlus One, OnePlus 2, Moto G (3rd Gen) and more Google Home Unboxing Google and Intel team up to push enterprise cloud adoption Amazon Prime Video to launch in 200 countries including India next month CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
null
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Laptops Laptops News Google Andromeda Said to Merge Android and Chrome OS  Gadgets 360 Staff, 26 September 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights Google Andromeda OS details likely to be shared on October 4 Google will announce its flagship smartphones at the event There is no official word yet on Google Andromeda OS Last week, Google officially announced the date when it will unveil its much anticipated Android smartphones. On October 4, Google is widely expected to launch the Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones running Android 7.1 Nougat, and do away with the Nexus brand.While this may seem like big news in itself, a recent tweet by Hiroshi Lockheimer, SVP Android, Chrome OS & Play indicates there may be something even bigger in the offing - at least, speculation has begun on this front. We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today. I have a feeling 8 years from now we'll be talking about Oct 4, 2016.— Hiroshi Lockheimer (@lockheimer) September 24, 2016 Android Police speculates the above tweet may be referring to the much-rumoured and oft-denied merger of Android and Chrome OS. The project is reportedly codenamed 'Andromeda' at Google, and it is said to be an attempt to push Android onto the laptop and convertible form factor. The company is now expected to tease or unveil Google Andromeda OS at its October 4 event, while the launch will still be sometime next year - this timeline explicitly matches the Wall Street Journal report from October last year that kickstarted almost all speculation on this front.In the meanwhile, 9to5Google, citing an unnamed person, claims Google Andromeda is being tested on the two-year-old Nexus 9 tablet. The publication has also several mentions of Andromeda OS within the Android 7.0 Nougat AOSP source code. One of these mentions, found within a file called SurfaceCompositionTest.java - thought to be a tool to measure graphics performance - mentions Andromeda OS requires a device with a graphic performance score of at least 8.0, which is quite above the Android requirement of 4.0. Also, while testing Google Andromeda OS on HTC Nexus 9, the score went up to 8.8 - a score that is above Google's own minimum requirements. Another mention, found within SurfaceCompositionMeasuringActivity.java, mentions "Detect Andromeda devices by having free-form window management feature," specifically mentioning one of Android 7.0 Nougat's highlight features. Of course, Google is also expected to launch its Pixel smartphones running Android 7.1 Nougat, which among other changes, is expected to bring the 'Restart' option to stock Android. We'll have to wait and see just what Google has in store for us at its October 4 event. Tags: Google, Android, Chrome OS, Pixel, Pixel XL, Andromeda, Google Andromeda, Mobiles Reliance Jio Effect: Vodafone Cuts Rates of Postpaid 4G Data Plans, Starting With Mumbai Apple Admits iOS 10 Backup Security Flaw; Recommends Using Strong Passwords Until Fix Is Issued Google Andromeda Said to Merge Android and Chrome OS     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 Plus Vivo X9 Lyf Wind 7i OnePlus 3T Gionee S9 Vivo V5 Huawei Mate 9 Pro HTC Bolt Hyve Pryme Panasonic P71 Zopo Color F2 Motorola Moto M Lyf F8 Asus ZenFone 3 Max (ZC553KL) General Mobile GM5 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G Popular iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones From Gadgets 360 Shop » RDP ThinBook 1430B 14.1 I... In Laptops Buy Now Rs. 12,999Rs. 11,499 Vidyut 10.1 Inch Netbook ... In Laptops Buy Now Rs. 8,499Rs. 5,999 Panasonic Eluga Turbo In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 13,999Rs. 7,999 Yu Yureka Plus In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 12,500Rs. 6,389 OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe UPI Could Help With the Cash Crunch - So Why Is No One Using It? Akhil Arora FIFA 17 The Journey: Why, EA Sports, Why? Kunal Dua MacBook Pro 2016 Is the Touchscreen Mac You've Always Wanted Advertisement Recent This Possible Nintendo Switch Launch Game Sounds Absolutely Bizarre Reliance Global Call Unveils International Calling App for Android, iOS Google Play Newsstand Gets Makeover; Launches on Web Don’t Let Kids Watch What They Shouldn’t With The New YouTube Kids Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano With 5.5-Inch Display Images and Specifications Leaked This Credit Card-Sized Phone Starts Shipping From November-End Pokemon Stars Is the Nintendo Switch’s Pokemon Sun and Moon: Report US Says Concerned Over Russia Blocking Access to LinkedIn Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Price, Image, Specifications Leaked Flipkart Unveils Exchange Offers for Google Pixel, Pixel XL Smartphones More News TRENDING Looking for an ATM Near You With Cash? These Apps and Websites Can Help Do Not Click or Share That WhatsApp Video Calling Invite Link - It's Fake With Trump in Power, Apple Said to Be Considering Making iPhones in US How to Get WhatsApp Video Calling Right Now Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano With 5.5-Inch Display Images and Specifications Leaked Vivo V5 vs Oppo F1s vs Gionee S6s: The Selfie Smartphone Battle Vivo V5 With 20-Megapixel Front Camera, Front Flash Launched in India Reliance Global Call Unveils International Calling App for Android, iOS Flipkart Unveils Exchange Offers for Google Pixel, Pixel XL Smartphones OnePlus 3T With Snapdragon 821 SoC, 128GB Storage Launched Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology CyberSecurity Google Google hauls KrebsOnSecurity back online after massive DDoS attack saw Akamai pull support Google's Project Shield came to the rescue after site battled a 'historically large' two-week-long cyberattack. By India Ashok September 26, 2016 11:20 BST The hackers likely leveraged IoT (Internet of Things) botnet when mounting the attacksiStock Security researcher Brian Krebs's security blog KrebsOnSecurity is back online after having withstood a historically massive DDoS attack, thanks to Google's Project Shield. The site's previous security provider Akamai, which helped combat the two-week-long 620Gbps DDoS attack, was forced to eventually pull support after the attack, which is considered to be the world's largest volume of junk data. The cyberattack is believed to have been retaliation from the alleged owners of a DDoS attack service site called vDOS, which Krebs had recently exposed. Although the site was briefly taken offline, the attack was deemed unsuccessful as the hackers were likely unable to access the site. This was largely due to the combined efforts of Akamai and another DDoS protection outfit Prolexic. However, the sheer volume of the attack eventually forced Akamai, which had for years provided the site with mitigation services on a pro-bono basis, to withdraw support. Krebs wrote in his blog that he "did not fault" Akamai for its decision, adding: "Once it became evident that the assault was beginning to cause problems for the company's paying customers, they explained that the choice to let my site go was a business decision, pure and simple." Akamai executives said in an interview with The Boston Globe: "This is the worst denial-of-service attack we've ever seen." They added that if sustained, the attacks could have cost the firm "millions" of dollars. Attackers likely leveraged IoT botnet According to Krebs, the hackers likely leveraged IoT (Internet of Things) botnet when mounting the attack. He said: "There is every indication that this attack was launched with the help of a botnet that has enslaved a large number of hacked so-called Internet of Things devices — mainly routers, IP cameras and digital video recorders (DVRs) that are exposed to the Internet and protected with weak or hard-coded passwords." Cyberattacks wielded weapons of mass censorship Krebs likened the attack mounted against him to an elaborate act of censorship. He wrote: "Why do I speak of DDoS attacks as a form of censorship? Quite simply because the economics of mitigating large-scale DDoS attacks do not bode well for protecting the individual user, to say nothing of independent journalists. "Today, I am happy to report that the site is back up — this time under Project Shield, a free program run by Googleto help protect journalists from online censorship. And make no mistake, DDoS attacks — particularly those the size of the assault that hit my site this week — are uniquely effective weapons for stomping on free speech, for reasons I'll explore in this post." However, before finding refuge under Google, Krebs, faced with the unprecedented security debacle, attempted to look into mitigation services currently available, but to no avail. "In the hours and days following my site going offline, I spoke with multiple DDoS mitigation firms. One offered to host KrebsOnSecurity for two weeks at no charge, but after that they said the same kind of protection I had under Akamai would cost between $150,000 and $200,000 per year," he said. "Ask yourself how many independent journalists could possibly afford that kind of protection money? A number of other providers offered to help, but it was clear that they did not have the muscle to be able to withstand such massive attacks." How scary is the future? With the alarming rise in cyberattacks and DDoS attacks in particular, the future of website security appears to be uncertain. The scores of insecure IoT devices available provide a treasure trove of arsenal for hackers who are now increasingly using vulnerable devices to launch massive DDoS attacks on businesses and governments. Krebs believes that as was in his case, these IoT botnets could also be used in the future to censor free speech. "I don't know what it will take to wake the larger Internet community out of its slumber to address this growing threat to free speech and ecommerce," he said. "My guess is it will take an attack that endangers human lives, shuts down critical national infrastructure systems, or disrupts national elections. "The sad truth these days is that it's a lot easier to censor the digital media on the Internet than it is to censor printed books and newspapers in the physical world. On the internet, anyone with an axe to grind and the willingness to learn a bit about the technology can become an instant, self-appointed global censor. I sincerely hope we can address this problem before it's too late." More Technology News Philippines: WikiLeaks releases diplomatic cable alleging Duterte 'admitted complicity' in Davao killings German military hacked Afghan mobile operator to find hostage in first known cyber operation - Report Oculus bosses speak out on Palmer Luckey's apology and funding of anti-Clinton memes Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Black Friday: A quick history Columnists Jane Merrick “Becoming a lord is Nigel Farage's only chance to stay in power READ MORE Canadian armed forces recruitment website hacked The cyberattack is currently being investigated but authorities reportedly unsure of hackers' identity. AOL to lay off 500 employees while shifting focus to mobile CEO Tim Armstrong said the cuts are not related to the ongoing discussion with Yahoo over integration of the companies. Google backtracks after banning 200 users for trying to resell Pixel smartphones Google suspended multiple users for buying Pixel phones and reselling them to a dealer in New Hampshire. TfL to track London Underground users via their mobile phones TfL will use MAC addresses to learn how passengers move around its network. Argos Black Friday 2016: The 7 best deals and biggest discounts on technology and electricals With Black Friday deals launching, IBTimes UK looks at the biggest savings so far. The most exciting new cars on show at the 2016 LA Auto Show IBTimes UK takes a look at the new cars and trends at the Los Angeles Auto Show, which opens to the public on Friday 18... Pokemon Sun and Moon reportedly set for Nintendo Switch release under codename Pokemon Stars Pokemon Stars may include new Pokémon and features. iPhone sends call logs to Apple servers even when iCloud backup is switched off claims Elcomsoft The company claims that the logs are stored for up to four months. South Korea rejects Google request to use local data for its maps service A South Korean official said Google could export local data for its maps service if it deletes security facilities. Black Friday: Game UK early deals include PS4, Xbox One bundles, Deus Ex, WWE 2K17 and more PS4 and XBox One consoles reduced, along with a plethora of games. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Breaking News Army sergeant denies wife's attempted murder after her parachute fails to open at 4,000ft About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Silicon Valley What are the big tech companies lobbying for this election? Facebook, Apple, Amazon and Google have priorities ranging from taxes to trade and national security in this year’s elections The number one technology company spender on lobbying is Alphabet Inc, the parent company of Google, says the Center for Responsive Politics. Alphabet has spent $8.04m on lobbying in 2016. Photograph: Aly Song / Reuters/Reuters Geof Wheelwright in Seattle Monday 26 September 2016 06.00 EDT Last modified on Thursday 17 November 2016 08.38 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 1 month old When US presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump take the stage at Hofstra University in Long Island, New York, for their first formal, head-to-head debate on Monday night, they will undoubtedly be watched carefully by senior executives of – and lobbyists for – the country’s largest technology companies. Both candidates have been vocal on some key issues near and dear to the hearts of technology companies – such as global trade. As Dean Garfield, president and CEO of the Washington DC-based technology industry advocacy group the Information Technology Industry Council (ITIC), points out, it is unusual for trade agreements such as the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) to take center stage in a presidential election. What your industry does, if you can call it an industry, is bullshit. You guys don’t know anything about communication. Steve Jobs, as quoted by Obama's former special advisor David Axelrod Garfield said that the traditional axiom in policy circles is that “there’s no parade for trade – no one talks about it”. Yet both Clinton and Trump have declared their opposition to the TPP, while Trump – in a January speech at Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia – said that he wanted to get Apple to start manufacturing computers in the United States again. So both trade and technology appear to be on the agenda, but what else do the tech companies want Clinton and Trump talking about? Public statements by both nominees on key issues, as well as their publicly available lobbying records, have been documented by the Washington DC-based Center for Responsive Politics (CRP) and its Opensecrets.org site, which together provide a rich trove of data about the issues major technology companies care about in the context of this year’s elections. Google: anti-competitiveness, labor issues and copyright According to CRP, the number one technology company spender on lobbying is Alphabet, the parent company of Google. So far in 2016 (up to the last CRP update on 9 August), Alphabet has already spent $8.04m on lobbying – putting it on pace to spend a little less than the $16.66m it spent for the whole of 2015. Revealed: how Google enlisted members of US Congress it bankrolled to fight $6bn EU antitrust case Read more The top issues Alphabet attempted to tackle with that money were copyright, patent and trademark issues (a common item for all the tech companies on the list), labor, antitrust and workplace issues, consumer product safety, science and technology – and homeland security. Yet some of Google’s biggest government-related challenges lie outside the US – notably in Europe, where the European commission has alleged that Google’s comparison shopping and advertising-related practices breach EU rules. Amazon: tax, product safety and aviation CRP figures show that Amazon has put $5.81m worth of lobbying services in its Washington DC shopping basket. The company used that money to lobby on issues around computers and technology, taxes, consumer product safety, transportation and trade. It was also no surprise to see Amazon lobbying on issues related to aviation, airlines and airports – given its involvement in both the use of drones and shipping goods by air. Facebook: national security, intelligence and patent law Facebook is the third-largest lobbying spender, according to CRP, spending $4.97m so far this year. And it has a lot of government issues to care about. Homeland security, intelligence, computers and information technology, copyright, patent and trademark issues – and taxes – make up the top five issues on which it has chosen to lobby. Facebook, Apple and Amazon to lobby next president over tech worker visas Read more Amongst the bills on which Facebook has offered comment is the “Requiring Reporting of Online Terrorist Activity Act” – which the Washington-based Center for Democracy & Technology criticized as requiring “all providers of Internet communications services to report to government authorities when they obtain ‘actual knowledge’ of apparent ‘terrorist activity’ on their services”. Facebook CEO and founder Mark Zuckerberg has also been very active in lobbying for immigration reform. He a passionate supporter of an immigration reform lobbying group called FWD.US – which also counts Microsoft cofounder Bill Gates and Napster founder Sean Parker amongst its founding members. Apple: tax, telecoms and copyright battles Apple is not new to presidential politics. David Axelrod, the former chief strategist and senior advisor to President Barack Obama, has a great story in his 2015 memoir, Believer, in which he describes a phone conversation with the late Apple cofounder, Steve Jobs – one in which Jobs appeared to be deeply unimpressed with political media consultants, despite Jobs having requested the meeting after a personal visit from then Senator Barack Obama to Apple’s offices in Cupertino. Axelrod quotes Jobs as saying: “What your industry does, if you can call it an industry, is bullshit. You guys don’t know anything about communication.” Apple tax: European commissioner defends €13bn ruling Read more These days, Apple is much more engaged with government, from its showdown with the FBI earlier this year over the question of whether it should “unlock” an iPhone linked to the San Bernardino attacks to the more recent dispute between Apple and the European commission as it attempted to seek “recovery of illegal state aid” for alleged unpaid taxes in Ireland from Apple of up to €13bn – plus interest. The Center for Responsive Politics shows that Apple has spent a relatively modest $2.25m on lobbying in 2016 so far. Not surprisingly, its top five issues for lobbying were tied to taxes, copyright, patent and trademark, telecommunications, computers and information technology – and trade. The copyright issues are understandable given the huge legal battles that Apple has engaged in – most notably with Samsung – to preserve the unique elements of its products (a case is before the US supreme court this month). More news Topics Silicon Valley US elections 2016 Lobbying US politics Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Silicon Valley Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
    Search  Horoscope India Politics Crime All India World South Asia Asia Middle East Africa Europe Americas Oceania Metros Delhi Kolkata Mumbai In Other Cities Business Economy Market Companies Autos In Other News Opinion Edit Oped Columnists Interview of the Week Reporter's Diary The Age Debate Here and Now Sports Cricket Tennis Football In Other sports Technology Mobiles & Tabs Gadgets In Other news Reviews Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Movie Reviews TV Music In Other News Photos Life Health Fashion Food Travel Art Relationship More Features Newsmakers Books Science Horoscope Delhi Age Mumbai Age Age on Sunday Editors' Picks   Menu e-Paper | Age on Sunday  Auto Refresh  Search   Horoscope Friday, Nov 18, 2016 | Last Update : 07:43 PM IST Home India World Metros Business Opinion Sports Technology Entertainment Photos Life Newsmakers More   Books Science Horoscope Delhi Age Mumbai Age Age on Sunday Editors' Picks Business Google internet balloon uses AI to stay in place for weeks AGE CORRESPONDENT Published : Sep 26, 2016, 3:18 pm IST Updated : Sep 26, 2016, 3:18 pm IST Google X lab, introduced the project as an effort to provide internet from stratosphere down to the people on the Earth.  Google X first launched the project in 2013 in New Zealand as pilot project. Google X lab, introduced the project as an effort to provide internet from stratosphere down to the people on the Earth. Google’s internet-delivering hot air balloon will now be using artificial intelligence (AI) technology to stay in place (in the stratosphere) for weeks together. Introduced as a pilot project in 2013, the internet balloon Project Loon used statistic algorithms to change altitude and stay in position, while floating through the skies through stratosphere. Google X lab, now known as ‘X’, has introduced the project as an effort to provide internet from the stratosphere down to people on the Earth, especially to areas which have limited or no access to internet services at all. The balloon will then stay put to provide people with an efficient internet connection. The company has recently launched a balloon in the stratosphere layer over Peru that will stay afloat for a total of 98 days. MOST POPULAR 1 Man dissolves in acidic water in US 2 Chris Martin croons 'Yellow', Bollywood goes gaga over him! 3 Confirmed! Jhanvi Kapoor will be launched by Karan Johar 4 Why agents don’t sell you term plans; here’s the truth 5 Oakter Smart Home review: Make your home smart, starting Rs 2,800 more Columnist Nilanjan Mukhopadhyay Will Modi’s high-risk gambit pay dividends? The verdict in UP will reveal if Mr Modi has read the mind of the electorate correctly or not. Patralekha Chatterjee The mantra of today’s India: Q is for queue For those old enough to remember, for many years in India queueing up was not seen as a virtuous activity. Parsa Venkateshwar Rao Jr Note ban economic quackery by govt? PM Modi succeeded in scoring political brownie points as the middle class is star-struck by his ‘surgical strike’ on black money. K C Singh Can ‘Make in India’ & ‘America First’ merge? Mr Modi must find the first opportunity to meet him to develop chemistry and sell a shared vision of 21st century Asia. more Editors' Picks Why agents don’t sell you term plans; here’s the truth Oakter Smart Home review: Make your home smart, starting Rs 2,800 How to steer clear from online phishing attacks, avoid being a victim to scams Good news! Some of you can still use WhatsApp after December 31 After notes, will our rights vanish too? more Home Deccan Chronicle Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016 The Asian Age. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: The Asian Age Daksh Patrika By Daksham
Skip to content Naked Security Computer Security News, Advice and Research sophos.com Free Tools Go Award-winning computer security news Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed I am not a robot: Google swaps text CAPTCHAs for quivery mouse clicks 05 Dec 2014 18 Google, Security threats Post navigation Previous: YouTube learns about integer overflow, Gangnam Style! Next: All PayPal accounts were 1 click away from hijacking by Lisa Vaas 0Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit Remember back in 2013, when Ticketmaster – the world’s largest online ticket retailer – decided to stop torturing people’s eyeballs by making them decipher blobs of melted characters in order to prove that they’re human? Likewise, Google’s now too stabbing a fork into CAPTCHA, the aggravating test that’s supposed to determine if we’re robots or scripts used by spammers or other online misdeed-doers, or if we are instead real, live, warm-blooded simians. CAPTCHA came out of Carnegie Mellon University and stands for “Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart”. The tests are designed to be hard for robots, easy for humans. They typically consist of typing letters and/or digits from a distorted image. Or, as the case may be, messages to go pleasure yourself. Or, then again, mathematical problems that make your brain bleed. Ten years into using CAPTCHA to keep robots from engaging in dirty tricks online, the “supposed to weed out bots” has now turned into “utterly stink at weeding out bots”. That’s because advances in Artificial Intelligence have resulted in robot creations that are now able to solve even the most difficult variant of distorted text with 99.8% accuracy, according to Google’s recent research. Not that Google’s going to stop testing site visitors to weed out bots, mind you. Rather, as it announced on Wednesday, Google’s going to move away from asking users to read blobby text and type it into a box, as it’s been doing, like this:  And instead will simply ask us, “Are you a robot?” with what it’s calling the “No CAPTCHA reCAPTCHA” API, like so: Asking us to check off a box saying that “I am not a robot” will be an effective way of determining whether or not we’re robots because humans move their cursors in a humanlike way. Specifically, the difference between bot and human can be revealed in clues as subtle as how a user (or a bot) moves a mouse in the brief moments before clicking the “I am not a robot” button, according to Vinay Shet, the product manager for Google’s Captcha team. Without realizing it, humans also drop clues that can establish whether we’re automated or not: IP addresses and cookies show our movements elsewhere on the Web and can help prove that we’re not a bad actor. Wired quotes Shet: All of this gives us a model of how a human behaves It's a whole bag of cues that make this hard to spoof for a bot. He said that there are other variables that will help make the determination, but those have to be kept secret, lest botmasters figure out how to work around them and once again learn how to slip past Google’s filters. Google’s been integrating automated bot-detection into its CAPTCHAs since at least 2013. In October 2013, Google revealed that it had developed what it called its Advanced Risk Analysis backend for reCAPTCHA to filter out bots. The backend doesn’t just look at whatever gobbledygook we type into the box. Rather, it observes our entire engagement with a CAPTCHA, from start to finish – before, during, and after we type into the box – to determine whether we’re carbon-based. On Valentine’s Day, Google gave us a taste of what reCAPTCHA can do, presenting us with chocolates and flowers and throbbing hearts – the first two of which were rendered in text that was simple (for humans) to read. It sounds great, but it’s not yet time to kiss the inscrutably distorted CAPTCHA blobs goodbye. Over the past week, Google’s tests on sites that use CAPTCHA have verified most humans, but it still missed quite a few. As Wired reports, about 60% of WordPress users and 80% of users at video game sales site Humble Bundle got past the CAPTCHA with only the simple checkbox. When Google’s Advanced Risk Analysis engine can’t figure out what we are with a mere click, it’s going to back up the test with a pop-up window that will present users with the same old distorted text we’ve been enduring for years. For mobile users, things haven’t gotten quite so simple as a single click. But when they face a CAPTCHA on their mobile phone or tablet, they’ll now have a much easier hurdle to leap: rather than having to type in text, they’ll be asked to select all the images that correspond with a clue image. Like Google says, it’s a lot easier to tap photos of cats or turkeys than to type in a line of text on a phone: And if you’re worried about the privacy implications of Google analyzing where your mouse moves on a page, Shet pointed out that Google will only be tracking your movements over the CAPTCHA widget when it appears on other sites, not on the entire page. This is how he put it to Wired: You don’t have to verify your identity to verify your humanity. Besides, as we’ve noted before, tracking movement is not just a Google thing. Facebook, Twitter, Gmail or any webpage can track everything you do and could be keylogging your every pointer movement or keystroke. Logging keystrokes is no super secret, privacy-sucking vampire sauce. It’s plain old Web 1.0. This is not news, but it’s certainly worth repeating: anybody with a website can capture what you type, as you type it, if they want to. The reality is that JavaScript, the language that makes this kind of monitoring possible, is both powerful and ubiquitous. It’s a fully featured programming language that can be embedded in web pages, and all browsers support it. It’s been around almost since the beginning of the web, and the web would be hurting without it, given the things it makes happen. Among the many features of the language are the abilities to track the position of your cursor, track your keystrokes and call “home” without refreshing the page or making any kind of visual display. Those aren’t intrinsically bad things. In fact, they’re enormously useful. Without those sort of capabilities sites like Facebook and Gmail would be almost unusable, searches wouldn’t auto-suggest and Google Docs wouldn’t save our bacon in the background. In the case of Google’s advances with reCAPTCHA, such an ability can stop a lot of bad bots from doing things that can be worse than the annoyance of having to endure typing in text from a blobby image. Think bots that harvest email addresses from contact or guestbook pages, site scrapers that grab the content of websites and re-use it without permission on automatically generated doorway pages, bots that take part in Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks, and more. I’ll take the kittens, please! Follow @LisaVaas Follow @NakedSecurity Image of captcha text courtesy of Shutterstock. bots CAPTCHA No CAPTCHA reCAPTCHA reCAPTCHA Spam Tracking Free tools Sophos Home for Windows and Mac XG Firewall Home Edition Mobile Security for Android Virus Removal Tool Antivirus for Linux Post navigation Previous: YouTube learns about integer overflow, Gangnam Style! Next: All PayPal accounts were 1 click away from hijacking About the author Lisa Vaas I've been writing about technology, careers, science and health since 1995. I rose to the lofty heights of Executive Editor for eWEEK, popped out with the 2008 crash, joined the freelancer economy, and am still writing for my beloved peeps at places like Sophos's Naked Security, CIO Mag, ComputerWorld, PC Mag, IT Expert Voice, Software Quality Connection, Time, and the US and British editions of HP's Input/Output. I respond to cash and spicy sites, so don't be shy. 18 comments on “I am not a robot: Google swaps text CAPTCHAs for quivery mouse clicks” Mathew says: December 7, 2014 at 9:51 pm So.. In the era where the mouse is becoming obsolete Google are going to rely on user mouse movements or clicks to define whether a person is human or not. There are some pretty big gaming communities that have been scripting human like mouse behavior for years. It’ll be interesting to see how this progresses. Reply Jim Brett says: June 21, 2015 at 12:30 am I’m finding this on craigslist and I can’t get the damn thing off. Thanks A Lot! Reply Anonymous says: October 31, 2015 at 12:12 am I’ve noticed the same thing and it’s annoying! Reply Anonymous says: December 6, 2015 at 10:12 pm it’s ridiculouc that craigslist requires this pick the right picture test every single time you try to veiw contact info in a post. Isn’t there someway it can remember you are not an effing robot for the entire session you are on craigslist, or do a check upon entering the site instead of every time you view something? Reply Anonymous says: December 26, 2015 at 3:58 am I am shocked and so aggravated with the robot check thing every time I open a single thing on craigslist. As soon as I figure it out Google will be gone from my laptop. Reply Carol says: February 12, 2016 at 10:02 pm for days now every post I share on Facebook has that stupid test, and i’m ready to delete Facebook all together. I’ve had it, I shouldn’t have to prove i’m not a robot!!!!! over and over and over again, I’m at #4 test so far today and have over 15 yesterday and not sure how many the day before, I’M SICK OF IT!!! HOW DO I STOP IT!!!!! Reply ann dolyniuk says: March 20, 2016 at 8:59 pm It is utterly ridulous that I prove that I am not a robot when entering contests that BH&G and others offer. Guess I haqve no choice but to say the choice words that think and give up on the contests. Reply Anonymous says: April 7, 2016 at 3:16 am Stupid stupid stupid Reply David Nelson says: April 10, 2016 at 6:34 pm This is very annoying on craigslist. Are these people adults, They don’t have enough to do so they screw up other ;peoples day. Get a life GOOGLE. Reply David Nelson says: April 10, 2016 at 6:39 pm If google is wandering if we are robots or human, we are thinking the same of them.. Reply Anonymous says: April 11, 2016 at 4:48 pm I don’t like this test!!! It’s not effective, I take the test and then on the next item on Craig’s list it will show me the same message when I click on the contact info. It’s too much!!! Waist of time. Reply Anonymous says: May 29, 2016 at 7:22 pm Go to Radio SHack! Reply Anonymous says: June 9, 2016 at 12:35 pm Seriously _ is there any way of avoiding this childish rubbish? WAKE UP GOOGLE and give us an opt out or dump the ****** thing. P Reply Anonymous says: September 7, 2016 at 1:06 pm i am senior citizen,not examinee that i have tosolve difficult puzzles/text before ent, Reply John says: September 9, 2016 at 5:09 pm Is that picture “head and shoulders of a small animal”, “a popular pet”, “animal with a white background”, “adult tabby” ? Too ambiguous for me. I recall getting one of “click all the sandwiches” and after many failures I realized that in the USA a hamburger is called a sandwich. Reply Paul Ducklin says: September 9, 2016 at 5:40 pm I thought a hamburger was called “a hamburger” in the US :-) By definition, of course, even in British English, a hamburger *is* a sandwich. At any rate, there seems to be no suggestion in any of the Oxford lexicons (British or American) that sandwiches can’t be circular. Two pieces of bread with an edible filling in between is all you need to pass the test. I guess the CAPTCHA folks were hoping a robot wouldn’t be able to handle the subtleties… Having said that, if you tried to order a hamburger by asking for “a sandwich” in Maccas, I think you would get, errrrrrrr, either a sandwich, served in the form of a square cut into two triangle, or a word from the security guard (depending on how strongly you argued the case, and whether it was after 1am). Reply nope says: September 24, 2016 at 9:10 pm they can f off and die with this cr@p tired of I the user having to prove anything Reply Anonymous says: October 18, 2016 at 5:40 pm wasting my time the world will end soon. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Recommended reads Apr08 by Paul Ducklin 2 Solving Google reCAPTCHAs – without using humans Jan29 by Mark Stockley 9 US Military wants to replace passwords with “cognitive fingerprints” Jun10 by Paul Ducklin 4 “Turing Test” allegedly defeated – is it time to welcome your robot overlords? Mar12 by Graham Cluley 78 Chess CAPTCHA – a serious defence against spammers? Feb01 by Lisa Vaas 12 Ticketmaster says goodbye to CAPTCHA Nov01 by Graham Cluley 0 Remember Melissa the malware stripper? She’s back SOPHOS About Naked Security About Sophos Send us a tip Cookies Privacy Legal Network Protection XG Firewall UTM Secure Wi-Fi Secure Web Gateway Secure Email Gateway Enduser Protection Enduser Protection Bundles Endpoint Antivirus Sophos Cloud Mobile Control SafeGuard Encryption Server Protection Virtualization Security Server Security SharePoint Security Network Storage Antivirus PureMessage Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed © 1997 - 2016 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
SUNDAY TIMES - Google enters the travel world - with a fab new app 206.196.187.182, 206.196.187.182, 127.0.0.1 Times Live The Times Rewards Subscribe Login Close Please enter your login details Email Password New Subscriber Forgot Password / Username? Existing Subscriber? Free Digital Upgrade Please verify your details Name Surname Email Password Contimue News Investigations The Power Report Best of International Opinion & Analysis Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Business Careers Investments Opinion Lifestyle Entertainment Opinion Weddings Books Travel Photographer of the Year Competition Home & Decor Gardening Food Recipes Fashion Beauty Competitions Multimedia Search News Opinion & Analysis Sport Business Lifestyle Travel Home & Decor Food Fashion & Beauty Real Heroes Competitions Multimedia Contact Us Sunday Times Subscribe Facebook Twitter Settings Instagram Settings Search Login Close News Opinion & Analysis Sport Business Lifestyle Travel Decor Fashion & Beauty Food Loading Danish filmmaker vindicated by wine farm probe Ramaphosa says ‘imminent’ minimum wage agreement will be ‘seminal moment’ Van Breda’s defence team wants to scrutinise forensic evidence against the alleged axe murder Kids who drink whole-fat milk slimmer than those who drink low-fat Wits says consensus reached on two exam sittings SA attraction makes National Geographic Traveler's 'must-visit' list for 2017 Car crash or smash hit? Here are the first reviews of Hammond, Clarkson & May's 'Grand Tour' More than just beds: Airbnb Trips launches in Cape Town Famous Marilyn Monroe dress sells for over R70-million Sunday Times Travel By Elizabeth Sleith, 2016-09-25 00:00:00.0 Google enters the travel world - with a fab new app Trips will help you be on time for flights - and decide what to do when you get there. Image: Gallo Images/iStockphoto The search-engine giant wants to hold your hand through your holidays, writes Elizabeth Sleith Google has launched a new travel app, which it calls "a personalised tour guide in your pocket". Called Trips, the free app - available for iOS and Android - offers city guides, tips from the company's travel experts and personalised recommendations based on your Google history: the attractions, activities and restaurants the sages of Google think you're most likely to like. How to unplug on holiday (& still use your smartphone) Of course, Trips also communicates with Maps and Gmail so the mundane - but crucial - parts of your itinerary, such as when your flight is or where your hotel is, will be taken care of too. The result is a travel app that offers tons of information about your choices as well as keeping tabs on when you have to be where. Best of all, the information will all be available offline, so you won't have to waste time or precious coffee money lurking in a wifi hotspot to consult it. In a blog post, Google explains its capabilities thus: "Say your friends told you that you have to see the Sagrada Família - and you're looking for suggestions on things to do around that spot. Press the '+' button in the day-plans tile to jump into a map view containing all the top attractions in your destination. "If you're time-constrained, you can specify above the map whether you have just the morning or afternoon, versus a full day. "Then simply tap and pin the Sagrada Família to build your itinerary around it. Google Trips automatically fills in the day for you." Aw, thanks Google. Don't miss out on this story Login, upgrade or subscribe to continue reading. Login Email Password Forgot Username/Password? Login failed. Your username or password is incorrect Subscribe now Print + Digital + Rewards for R107/month. Subscribe Sunday Times print subscriber? Upgrade now to get a FREE digital subscription. Don't miss out on this story Login, upgrade or subscribe to continue reading. Login Subscribe Now Sunday Times print subscriber? Upgrade now to get a FREE digital subscription. You might also like SA attraction makes National Geographic Traveler's 'must-visit' list for 2017 More than just beds: Airbnb Trips launches in Cape Town Got an EU passport? Visa-free travel may cost you Which cruise lines offer the best value for money? Forget packing, renting clothes could be the next big travel trend Why buy souvenirs when you can collect free bottles of sand? Ask Andrew: Is it worth stopping over in Qatar? For all his garishness & vulgarity, Trump is a master hotelier Accidental Tourist: How to get a (sick)bed in economy class Readers' World: Yes, a long bush holiday is feasible with young kids The web hasn't killed the popularity of old-school travel brochures: survey Why it's well worth taking a roadtrip around the Eastern Cape Hotel Review: African Pride 15 on Orange, Cape Town 'Rude' tourism slogan flusters Ozzy officials Mrs Trump puts Slovenia on the map 'Microadventures' are a hot trend for time-strapped travellers Accidental Tourist: Mad about Morocco Take a tour inside Jesus' tomb Previous Next Is Test = Times Media Group © Fri Nov 18 16:13:43 SAST 2016 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Senior VP of Android says October 4th announcement will be as big as the debut of Android +45,321 Nick Gray Sep 26th, 2016 Based on the dozens or rumors and leaks we’ve reported on over the past few months, we know that Google is planning to unveil a handful of products on October 4th. In addition to two Pixel-branded phones, we’re also expecting Google Home (Google’s answer to Amazon Echo) and Chromecast Ultra which will allow users to stream content in 4K. While the launch of these new devices will be significant for Google, Hiroshi Lockheimer’s latest Tweet implies that Google may still have a few tricks up its sleeve. We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today. I have a feeling 8 years from now we'll be talking about Oct 4, 2016. — Hiroshi Lockheimer (@lockheimer) September 24, 2016 Comparing Google’s October 4th event to the launch of Android is quite bold. There are a few rumors floating around which claims that Google may finally be ready to show off “Andromeda” – the merging of Chrome OS and Android. Back in 2015, the Wall Street Journal reported that Google was working on a plan which would merge Android and Chrome by 2017. Publicly revealing Andromeda on October 4th would have a massive impact on Android and the future of the platform. It would be nice if Google surprised us on October 4th with an announcement that none of us were expecting, but we highly doubt that will happen. If Andromeda is shown off next week, would you say its debut would have as much impact as the original launch of Android did? local_offer    android os   andromeda   Chrome OS   Google   Hiroshi Lockheimer   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (22) stars Further Reading New Google Live Cases available Google accounts suspended for reselling Pixel phones OnePlus 3T charging proves solid Allo gets themes, emoji suggestions, and more New Andromeda rumors stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 3 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 4 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 5 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 6 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 7 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 8 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 9 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 10 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Google's self-driving car involved in serious crash after van jumps a red light The crash is the worst for one of Google's self-driving cars to date Credit: Ron van Zuylen/9to5 Google Cara McGoogan 26 September 2016 • 10:23am One of Google's self-driving cars has been involved in the project's most serious crash to date. The autonomous Lexus car was taken off the road after a human-controlled van went through a red traffic light and collided with the Google vehicle, according to the Silicon Valley company. "A car heading westbound on El Camino Real ran a red light and collided with the right side of our vehicle," said Google. "Our light was green for at least six seconds before our car entered the intersection." No one was hurt in the accident in Mountain View, California, which is the worst collision involving one of Google's cars.  Should we put our trust in driverless cars? A witness confirmed that the crash, which left Google's Lexus SUV with a crumpled right door and broken window, was caused by the commercial van and wasn't the fault of the autonomous car, according to 9to5 Google.  "Human error plays a role in 94 per cent of [urban] crashes [in the US], which is why we're developing fully self-driving technology to make our roads safer," said Google.   There have been numerous collisions between Google's cars and more traditional vehicles, most of which have involved human-driven cars going into the back of the self-driving ones or vice versa.  Google self-driving car crashes into bus Play! 01:12 One of Google's cars caused an accident for the first time back in February when it ran into the back of a bus, coincidentally on the same street in Mountain View.  At the time, Eric Schmidt, chairman of Google, said: "The technology is never good enough. We had a five mile an hour accident which everyone is aware of. "We had one with a bus, which is not good enough. We're trying to get as close to 0 as possible."  Back in January, Google revealed that human drivers had to take the wheel 341 times within 14 months in response to hazards and software failures. The intervention was needed to avoid a collision just 13 of those times. In 69 cases the driver took control to prevent dangerous driving, and in 272 a human had to takeover because of "software failures". Google is not the only company testing self-driving vehicles on the roads. Uber launched a driverless taxi trial this month in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. A separate Singaporean company called nuTonomy is also testing self-driving taxis in the capital.  The big players | Driverless cars Crazy futuristic transport   Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Self driving cars Google Show more Technology latest 18 Nov 2016, 1:14pm Apple considers making iPhones in America, reports claim 18 Nov 2016, 1:07pm Three Mobile under fire for failing to alert customers to data breach 18 Nov 2016, 12:10pm Three Mobile hack: how to protect yourself if you've been affected  18 Nov 2016, 11:08am Comment: Three data breach: It’s only a matter of time until we are all hacked, so let's learn to live with it James Titcomb Premium 17 Nov 2016, 5:45pm Humans 'will bully robot cars', Mercedes chief warns 17 Nov 2016, 4:58pm Samsung and Apple's grip on smartphone market slips to less than one in three sales 01:15 17 Nov 2016, 3:18pm Holidays, gadgets or fashion: Which have the biggest Black Friday discounts? 17 Nov 2016, 2:01pm What is Amazon Prime Video and how can I watch The Grand Tour? 01:32 17 Nov 2016, 11:39am Sea Hero Quest mobile game helps dementia diagnosis breakthrough 17 Nov 2016, 10:26am Russia orders internet providers to block LinkedIn 17 Nov 2016, 10:00am £4 USB device can hack a locked computer in under a minute 17 Nov 2016, 7:00am This folding paper bike helmet for cycle share schemes could save lives 17 Nov 2016, 5:04am Watchdog seeks broadband advertising changes to ensure speed expectations met 16 Nov 2016, 7:35pm Pokémon Sun and Moon review - A vibrant and delightful new take on the famous pocket monsters 4 16 Nov 2016, 5:26pm Comment: Snapchat isn't worth $25bn - but that won't stop the technorati making it so James Quinn Premium 16 Nov 2016, 4:14pm Comment: Sex site hackers can never crack the mysteries of the human psyche Zoe Strimpel Premium Gallery 16 Nov 2016, 1:13pm Gallery: The bestselling video game consoles of all time 16 Nov 2016, 12:25pm Comment: The AdultFriendFinder hack shows there are no real secrets online James Titcomb Premium 16 Nov 2016, 11:11am Cheap Android phones send owners' text messages and location data to China 16 Nov 2016, 10:20am Comment: AdultFriendFinder sex hack: We can't stop cheating - accept it Rebecca Reid Premium 15 Nov 2016, 7:55pm Google to create 3,000 more UK jobs in major boost for London technology scene If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
Switch to Mobile site Conferences Lifestyle Food Health DIY & Home Work & Life Love & Sex Family Fashion & Beauty Blogging & Social Media NaBloPoMo BlogHer University News & Entertainment Entertainment Politics Race Feminism Promotions Search Enter Your Keywords: Log In / Join Home Blogging & Social Media NaBloPoMo Why You Should Cross-Post on BlogHer Why You Should Cross-Post on BlogHer By Melissa Ford on January 03, 2012 BlogHer Original Post Many bloggers dream about a fellow blogger with a much larger amount of traffic and authority on Google linking to their blog. Not only would new people find your writing, but it would raise your blog in status insofar as the Google game is concerned, getting it closer to front page search results. There is a way -- 100% in your control -- to make this happen; to make a bigger site with more traffic link to you. Cross-post on BlogHer. See, it's that simple. No one knows exactly how the Google algorithm works -- it's a closely guarded secret -- but what we do know is that the more sites that link to yours (especially sites with authority), the more Google knows that your site is a legitimate one worth noticing. Everyone can cross-post on BlogHer; there is even a great online tutorial on how to upload your posts. By filling out your profile with a link to your personal blog and creating a brief signature at the end of your post, you are getting a link to your site from BlogHer. In other words, cross-posting can't hurt, and it might actually help. Beyond what it does for Google, it does two additional things immediately for you: (1) it gets new eyes to find your blog and (2) the member feed is where I go to find posts to feature during NaBloPoMo. Cross-posting is a great way for new people to find your blog. People immediately get a sense of your writing style and will often follow you back to your original site in order to keep reading more. It's a similar idea to guest posting, but again, it's completely in your control. You don't need to wait for a site with more authority or more traffic to ask you to write something for their audience. Just cross-post on BlogHer. The member feed is a great way to keep up and support your fellow NaBloPoMo'ers, but it's also the way I find people to feature. You know those featured NaBloPoMo posts that end up on the front page of the NaBloPoMo section and are given some extra social media love? That's the only place I grab them from. So cross-post so I can feature you. Any questions about cross-posting on BlogHer not answered in the tutorial or this post? Photo Credit: Vibrant Coiling Arrows via Shutterstock. Melissa writes Stirrup Queens and Lost and Found. Her novel about blogging is Life from Scratch. 74 comments COMMENTS In order to comment on BlogHer.com, you'll need to be logged in. You'll be given the option to log in or create an account when you publish your comment. If you do not log in or create an account, your comment will not be displayed. Recent Posts by Melissa Ford Recent Posts What Kind of Writer Are You? BlogHer Writing Lab September 2016 Prompts Follow BlogHer Sign Up for Our Newsletters V Email address: * BlogHer Daily Newsletter Most Popular Post Election: This is the REAL Message to Tell Your Daughter Sign Up to Volunteer and Get a Free Pass to #BlogHer17 in Orlando I made a choice. Years later it makes me laugh and cry. No Mess Rice Recipes We asked our bloggers to craft some recipes from the different Success® Rice flavors and tell us about it. Check out their ideas and you could win a $100 Visa gift card!  Read more Promotions and Prizes Guilt Free Meals Lean Pockets have no artificial flavors, a good source of protein &  have 100% real cheese. Read our bloggers posts where they will tell you their guilt free experiences with Lean Pockets. Plus get a chance to win $100! Read more Promotions and Prizes About Us Advertise Careers Contact Us Team FAQ Community Guidelines Best Reviews Publish with us Follow Us on Social © 2006-2016 BlogHer Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Use All Rights Reserved by BlogHer © Copyright 2016 Menu Log In / Join Conferences Lifestyle Blogging & Social Media News & Entertainment Promotions SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERS About Us Advertise Careers Contact Us Team FAQ Community Guidelines
null
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Self-driving cars Google's self-driving car in broadside collision after other car jumps red light Autonomous Lexus SUV could not prevent accident that caved in front and rear passenger-side doors, setting off airbags and forcing it to be towed away One of Google’s self-driving Lexus SUVs was hit in the side by a driver running a red light. Photograph: Tony Avelar/AP Samuel Gibbs Monday 26 September 2016 05.19 EDT Last modified on Friday 11 November 2016 06.30 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 1 month old One of Google’s self-driving cars was involved in one of the worst autonomous vehicle accident yet, when a driver ran a red light and collided with the passenger side door of the modified Lexus SUV. The driver of the vehicle passed through a red light as one of Google’s fleet of autonomous Lexus SUVs passed through a green light on Friday afternoon. The collision, which occurred at the intersection between El Camino Rea and Phyllis Ave in Mountain View, California, caused the Google car’s airbags to be deployed, and caved in its front and rear right-side doors. Mountain View police said that no injuries were reported, but the Google car had to be towed away on a flatbed truck. Ron van Zuylen (@grommet) @davidnield permission granted. pic.twitter.com/WyKFCJE2Vz September 25, 2016 Google’s autonomous vehicles are no stranger to accidents, suffering multiple impacts with various vehicles. Mostly they’ve been rear-ended when either driving slowly or stationary at a junction, suffering minor damage. The side impact in this most recent accident is one of only a few that have caused major damage to the expensive test vehicles. Google said that the car was in self-driving mode with a person sitting at the steering wheel. The Google car hit the brakes automatically on seeing the other car crossing the red light, followed by the human behind the wheel doing the same, but it wasn’t enough to prevent the collision. James Allen, who happened upon the crash, told KBCW: “I’ve never seen one in an accident and I see at least 30 to 40 a day. They’re very good cars, that’s why I was so shocked.” Is the mass sharing of driverless cars about to reshape our suburbs? Read more A Google spokesperson told 9to5Google: “Our light was green for at least six seconds before our car entered the intersection. Thousands of crashes happen everyday on US roads, and red-light running is the leading cause of urban crashes in the US. Human error plays a role in 94% of these crashes, which is why we’re developing fully self-driving technology to make our roads safer.” Google’s fleet of autonomous cars have covered over 2m miles and has been involved in around two dozen accidents, with only one – a collision with a bus – being the fault of the self-driving car. Crash involving self-driving Google car injures three employees More news Topics Self-driving cars Google Motoring Alphabet California Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Self-driving cars Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home FEATURED Cellphones Notebooks Gaming Tablets Software Google Hardware-Centered Event will also Unveil a New WiFi Router September 26, 2016, By Sanjeev Ramachandran Share This Related Posts Chrome Not Backing In-Built Ad-Blocking; Plans to Better Ads Instead Sphericam 3: Beast Certainly, But Not an Enchanting Beauty Google will be showing up on stage to present a range of hardware products in under a fortnight from now. What we knew so far was about the Pixel smartphones, Google Home – the Amazon Echo rival, and the 4K Chromecast device. But the list doesn’t here it seems. According to a new report, Google is having one more device packed under its sleeve. The Mountain View Company is said to be also introducing a new Wi-Fi router device, simply called Google WiFi, in its event that will be taking place on October 4th. Google WiFi is said to be an evolved router form of the OnHub device from Google, which also implies that it will be packing all the OnHub features in it. Apart from that, it’s also claimed that the Google WiFi will be offering a better wireless range compared to the rest. That might sound nothing new; it’s a claim which no vendor would forget to babble about. But things with Google looks a bit different, as Google WiFi will be able to interlink multiple WiFi access points, thereby boosting the effective range of the device. None of these gives us a detailed glimpse of the new device. Yet, sources claim to have a confirmed info on the pricing of the device, and it is said that Google WiFi will be coming out at a price point of $129. There is also no confirmation on whether the new device is a part of Google’s product line up for the event. Going by the way it can be linked up with the new Google Home device, it definitely seems apt for Google to bring it out along with the personal assistant speaker device. Posted in: Hardware, Tech News Related Articles Chrome Not Backing In-Built Ad-Blocking; Plans to Better Ads Instead Sphericam 3: Beast Certainly, But Not an Enchanting Beauty Google Overhauls Gmail to Offer Better & Faster Experience in iOS Boom Supersonic Commercial Jets to Take Wing Nintendo Wii U Wound Up, Switch is Here « Previous Post « After Google, Apple is Now Stepping in to Rival Amazon Echo Next Post » BLU Life One X2 is a Mid-Range Android with Beefy RAM » Follow this blog Twitter Facebook RSS Tech Gaming Software Chrome Not Backing In-Built Ad-Blocking; Plans to Better Ads Instead Sphericam 3: Beast Certainly, But Not an Enchanting Beauty Google Overhauls Gmail to Offer Better & Faster Experience in iOS Boom Supersonic Commercial Jets to Take Wing Nintendo Wii U Wound Up, Switch is Here Nintendo Wii U Wound Up, Switch is Here PlayStation VR Arrives this October as the Cheapest Console VR Sony’s PlayStation Now Services to Hop on to PS3 Consoles Next Week Xbox One April Update to Usher in Voice Message Feature Sony Rolls Out Web-based PlayStation Vue TV Services for PS Devices Google Keeps up Promise by Launching Standalone App Version of Android Auto There’s an App to Replicate MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar for Other Mac Devices Microsoft Wants to Glamorize Your Selfies with its New Android App LastPass Opens Up Free Password Sync across Devices Vine Co-Founders Come up with Hype, a Live Video Stream App DM on Facebook DM on Twitter Latest Tutorials Here’s How to Add Self-Made Stickers in iMessage How to Enable Night Mode and Freeform Apps in Android N Create Personalized Emojis in Snapchat; Here’s How Here’s How to Get Material Design on YouTube Web News Tips // Getting in Touch Have anything worth reading and writing about it, then why not send us an email to give us more details. We can't promise that everything we get will be on the top page of DeviceMAG, but we can assure you that we'll read all emails. If you want to get in touch here's where to do it: Contact us. The Team What drives us into doing what we do? It’s either passion or need. Here at DeviceMAG we take technology very serious, no matter if it’s a small gadget or a new device on the market. With a passion for everything that gets geeks high we’re here to feed you with the latest news. Read more about us. © 2008-2012 DeviceMag.com - All rights reserved | Privacy Policy
